<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20170331_10-K_edgar_data_1634452_0001193125-17-106786.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1019836</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>454374</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>94225</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>420149</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-17-106786.hdr.sgml : 20170331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20170331170405
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-17-106786
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AB Private Credit Investors Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001634452
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01196
		FILM NUMBER:		17731192

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 969-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AB Private Credit Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-17-106786.txt : 20170331

10-K
 1
 d368968d10k.htm
 AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION

AB Private Credit Investors Corporation 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 FORM 10-K 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the transition period from
 to
 
 Commission file number 814-01196 
 
 AB Private Credit Investors Corporation 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Maryland 
 
 81-2491356 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

1345 Avenues of the Americas 
 New York, NY 
 
 10105 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (212)
 969-1000 Not applicable 
 Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, If Changed Since Last Report. 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class None
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Common stock, par value 0.01 per share 
 Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). Yes No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated 
filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-Accelerated filer 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Yes No 
 There is no established public market for the issuer s common stock. 
 The issuer had 100 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding as of March 31, 2017. 

Table of Contents 

 AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 
 Table of Contents 

Index 
 
 Page 

PART I. 

1 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

30 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

51 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

51 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

51 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 

51 

PART II. 

52 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

52 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

53 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations 

54 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Risk 

61 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

F-1 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

62 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

63 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

64 

PART III. 

65 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

65 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

70 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
 Unitholder Matters 

71 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

72 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

74 

PART IV. 

75 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

75 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

76 

Signatures 

77 

i 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties.
Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and
projections about us, our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs and opinions, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, 
 will, may, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, should, targets, projects, outlook, 
 potential, predicts and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties
and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 

an economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies ability to continue to operate, which could lead to the loss of some or all of our investments in such portfolio companies; 

such an economic downturn could disproportionately impact the companies that we intend to target for investment, potentially causing us to experience a decrease in investment opportunities and diminished demand for
capital from these companies; 

a contraction of available credit and/or an inability to access the equity markets could impair our lending and investment activities; 

interest rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly if we elect to use leverage as part of our investment strategy; 

our future operating results; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

competition with other entities and our affiliates for investment opportunities; 

the speculative and illiquid nature of our investments; 

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 

the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital; 

the loss of key personnel; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the ability of the Adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the ability of the Adviser to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 

our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and as a business
development company BDC 

the effect of legal, tax and regulatory changes; and 

the other risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify under Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any
of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking
statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in the section entitled Risk Factors and
elsewhere in this report. These forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of this report. Moreover, we assume no duty and do not undertake to update the forward-looking statements. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business We were formed on February 6, 2015 as a corporation under the laws of the
State of Maryland. We are currently in the development stage and have not commenced investment operations. Since inception, there has been no investment or operational activity. In conjunction with our formation, we issued and sold 100
shares of our common stock to AB Private Credit Investors LLC, our Adviser, for an aggregate purchase price of 1,000. On October 6,
2016 we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC an election to be treated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). We also intend as soon as reasonably practicable to
elect to be treated, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a BDC and a RIC, respectively, we are and will be required to comply with certain regulatory
requirements. See Description of Business Regulation as a Business Development Company and Description of Business Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations. 
 We expect to have the initial closing of the Private Offering of our shares of common stock (the Shares to investors in reliance
on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as amended (the Securities Act on or around June 30, 2017. 
 The Private Offering We expect to enter
into separate subscription agreements with investors providing for the private placement of Shares pursuant to the Private Offering. Each investor will make a capital commitment (a Capital Commitment to purchase Shares pursuant to a
subscription agreement. Investors will be required to make capital contributions to purchase Shares each time we deliver a capital call notice, which will be issued based on our anticipated investment activities and capital needs and delivered at
least 10 business days prior to the required funding date. All purchases of our Shares will generally be made pro rata in accordance with each investor s Capital Commitment, in an amount not to exceed each investor s remaining capital
commitment Remaining Commitment ), at a per-Share price equal to the net asset value per share of our common stock subject to any adjustments. Any adjustments would take into account a
determination of changes to net asset value within 48 hours of the sale to assure compliance with Section 23(b) of the 1940 Act. The Fund
may accept additional Capital Commitments quarterly Subsequent Closings from new investors as well as existing investors that wish to increase their commitment and shareholding in the Fund. These Subsequent Closings are expected to
occur on a calendar-quarter end based on investor interest as well as the state of the market and our capacity to invest the additional capital in a reasonable period. Each Capital Commitment will be for the life of the Fund or for a shorter period
based on the investor s liquidation election, subject to the Fund s receipt of exemptive relief related to the New BDC, Liquidating Share Class and/or Limited Tender Offers (each as defined in Description of Business 
The Private Offering and Liquidity Options . The proposals to establish a Liquidating Share Class or a New
BDC or to provide a Limited Tender Offer (collectively, the Proposals would involve transactions that are currently prohibited by the 1940 Act and would require an SEC order in order to be established. The SEC has not previously granted
orders with respect to a Liquidating Share Class or a New BDC, and it could take several years before the SEC determines whether relief is appropriate and it may ultimately deny the requests for any or all of the Proposals. If
exemptive relief is not granted for any of the Proposals, the Board would need to consider other ways to permit shareholders to liquidate their investments. If you expect to need access to your investment in the near future, you should not invest in
the Fund. Regardless of whether exemptive relief is granted for either the Liquidating Share Class, the New BDC or Limited Tender Offer, we will continue our operations in a manner otherwise set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Description of Business The Private Offering and Liquidity Options . 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 General 
 We are a Maryland corporation, formed on February 6, 2015, structured as an externally managed,
 non-diversified closed-end management investment company. We expect to operate as a private BDC and to conduct a private offering to investors in reliance on
exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act while we invest the proceeds of the Private Offering. We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company under the
JOBS Act, we will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Our investment objective is to principally generate
current income through direct investments in privately originated loans and notes and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation through private equity investments. At least 80 of Fund assets will be invested in debt instruments. We intend
to invest in middle market businesses based in the United States, which we generally define as having enterprise values between 50 million and 500 million. However from time to time, we may invest in larger or smaller companies. 
 We will seek to build the Fund s portfolio in a defensive manner that minimizes cyclical and correlated risks across individual names and
sector verticals by targeting companies with strong underlying business models and durable intrinsic value. We expect to make investments
primarily through primary originations as well as secondary purchases. Our credit investments will principally take the form of first lien, stretch senior, unitranche, and second lien loans, although the actual mix of instruments pursued will vary
over time depending on our views on how best to optimize risk-adjusted returns. We will also consider unsecured mezzanine debt, priority ranking structured preferred stock, and non-control equity co-investment opportunities, typically alongside a leading middle market financial sponsor and/or in partnership with a strong management group. We expect our loans will generally carry contractual maturities
between four and six years. Our investments are typically not rated by any rating agency, but we believe that if such investments were rated, they would be below investment grade (rated lower than Baa3 by Moody s Investors Service
and lower then BBB- by Fitch Ratings or S P), which is an indication of having predominately speculative characteristics with respect to an issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay
principal. Investments that are rated below investment grade are sometimes referred to as high yield bonds, junk bonds, or leveraged loans. 
 We will pursue opportunities across a broad range of sectors, including but not limited to, the following end markets: Alarm Monitoring;
Communications and IT Infrastructure; Energy; Enterprise Software (including Software-as-a-Service); Equipment Finance; Financial
Technology / Transaction Processing; Franchisors, Franchisees, and Restaurants; Healthcare and Healthcare IT; Non-discretionary Consumer (including certain Multi-site Retailers); Specialized, Value-Added
Manufacturing; Specialty Finance; and Technology-Enabled Services. The Board of Directors 
 Our board of directors (the Board has ultimate authority as to our investments, but we expect it will delegate authority to AB
Private Credit Investors LLC (the Adviser to select and monitor our investments, subject to the supervision of the Board. The Board consists of five members. A majority of the Board will at all times consist of directors who are not
 interested persons of the Fund, of the Adviser or of any of their respective affiliates, as defined in the 1940 Act Independent Directors ). The Board is divided into three classes, each serving staggered, three-year terms.
The terms of our Class I directors will expire in 2017 and are subject to approval by the sole stockholder of the Fund and then will expire at the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders; the terms of our Class II directors will expire at the
2018 annual meeting of stockholders; and the terms of our Class III directors will expire at the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 About Our Investment Adviser 
 Our investment activities will be managed by our external investment adviser, AB Private Credit Investors LLC. We expect to benefit from the
Adviser s ability to identify attractive investment opportunities, conduct due diligence to determine credit risk, and structure and price investments accordingly, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of investments. The Adviser, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of AllianceBernstein L.P. AB ), was formed in April 2014 upon the acquisition of the former senior leadership group of Barclays Private Credit Partners LLC BPCP LLC ), the SEC-registered investment advisor to Barclays Private Credit Partners Fund, L.P. 1 AB is one of the world s largest investment management firms, with
approximately 480 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2016, and a global client base that includes institutions, private clients and retail investors. AB has dedicated economic, fundamental equity, fixed income, and
quantitative research groups, as well as experts focused on multi-asset and alternatives strategies. The Adviser is part of AB s
alternative private credit business which, in addition to the Fund and other private corporate credit strategies managed by the Adviser, consists of investment products and strategies involving commercial real estate debt and residential mortgage
credit. AB s private credit business is also part of AB s larger Alternatives division, which includes hedge funds of funds, nontraditional bond strategies, and long/short equity strategies for a range of products and strategies in public
mutual fund and private fund vehicles. The Adviser benefits from the resources afforded to it by AB s robust global infrastructure, namely risk management, compliance and investor relations, as well the AB s established public and private
credit franchises. The Adviser draws on these resources throughout its operational and investment processes, as it benefits from the knowledge and oversight of its investment committee (the Investment Committee ), which includes
individuals from other areas within AB. This creates a forum through which AB s global perspectives inform our investment efforts in private middle market corporate credit. 
 The majority of the professionals of the Adviser are based in Austin, Texas. As of December 31, 2016, the Adviser consisted of 30
investment professionals and managed approximately 1.5 billion in capital commitments. J. Brent Humphries, our President and Chairman of our Board, is President of the Adviser, which is responsible for all investment decisions for the Fund.
Mr. Humphries joined AB in 2014 as a founding member and President of the Adviser, where he has primary responsibility for overseeing all aspects of the business, including investor relations, investment originations, structuring and
underwriting, as well as ongoing portfolio management and compliance. He previously held the same position with BPCP LLC. Prior to joining Barclays, Mr. Humphries served as group head, generalist financial sponsor coverage for the Goldman Sachs
Specialty Lending Group, and later led its structured private equity initiative. Before that, he served as a partner and managing director of the Texas Growth Fund, a middle-market private equity firm. Mr. Humphries previously worked in
leveraged finance with NationsBank and J.P. Morgan, and as a financial analyst with Exxon. Mr. Humphries holds a B.B.A. in finance with an emphasis in accounting from the University of Oklahoma and an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School. We
believe that Mr. Humphries experience in middle market corporate credit will be a significant competitive advantage for the Fund. 
 Mr. Humphries is joined by four founding team members that have worked together as a group for six years: Jay Ramakrishnan (Managing
Director), Patrick Fear (Managing Director), Shishir Agrawal (Managing Director) and Wesley Raper (Chief Operating Officer). Mr. Humphries and Ms. Ramakrishnan have prior experience working with each other since 2004 at Goldman Sachs
Specialty Lending Group and served as the initial senior leadership of BPCP LLC since its inception in 2008. Shishir Agrawal and Wesley Raper joined BPCP LLC in 2008, with Patrick Fear becoming a senior team member in May 2011. The Founding Team has
been supplemented over the past two years by what we believe is a talented group of senior professionals with strong sourcing relationships and underwriting expertise, including Kevin Alexander (Managing Director), Bob Bielinski (Managing Director),
Evan Cohen (Managing Director), Patrick Gimlett (Director), Justin Grimm (Managing Director), Leon Han (Director), Drew Miller (Director), Hardeep Saini (Managing Director) and Daniel Weiss (Director). 

1 
 None of Barclays, BPCP LLC or any of their affiliates or related persons have participated in the preparation of this information or any materials used in connection with the presentation thereof and do not accept any
responsibility or liability to any person for the information contained herein or the presentation thereof (including with respect to the accuracy or inaccuracy of such information or the manner of such presentation) or the performance of any
investments presented herein or of any other investment vehicle. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 Pursuant to the investment advisory agreement we intend to enter into with the Adviser (the Advisory Agreement ), which was approved
by the Board on June 28, 2016, we will pay the Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee and the
incentive fee will ultimately be borne by our stockholders. Base Management Fee 
 The base management fee will be payable quarterly in arrears and calculated at an annual rate of 1.50 . The base management fee will be
calculated based on a percentage of the average outstanding assets of the Fund (which equals the gross value of equity and debt instruments, including investments made utilizing leverage), excluding cash assets, during such fiscal quarter. The
average outstanding assets will be calculated by taking the average of the amount of assets of the Fund at the beginning and end of each month that occurs during the calculation period. The base management fee will be calculated and paid quarterly
in arrears but will be amortized monthly by the Fund over the fiscal quarter for which such base management fee is paid. The base
management fee for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately prorated. Incentive Fee 
 The incentive fee, which provides the Adviser with a share of the income that the Adviser generates for us, will consist of an income-based
incentive fee component and a capital-gains component, which are largely independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. 
 Income-Based Incentive Fee: The income-based incentive fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our net investment income
prior to any deductions with respect to such income-based incentive fees and capital gains incentive fees pre-incentive fee net investment income for the quarter.
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial and consulting
fees or other fees we receive from portfolio companies) that we accrue during the fiscal quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement we intend to enter
into (the Administration Agreement with a third party administrator (the Administrator ), and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding indebtedness or preferred stock, respectively, but excluding,
for avoidance of doubt, the income-based incentive fee accrued under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP )). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of
investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with pay in kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Our Adviser is not under any obligation to
reimburse us for any part of the income-based incentive fees it received that was based on accrued interest that we never actually received. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business There are significant potential conflicts
of interest which could impact our investment returns and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Even in the event the value of your investment declines, the base management fee and, in certain circumstances, the incentive
fee will still be payable to the Adviser. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does
not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Because of the structure of the income-based incentive fee, it is possible that we may accrue such fees in a quarter where we incur a
net loss. For example, if we receive pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate (as defined below) for a quarter, we will accrue the applicable income-based incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that quarter due
to realized and/or unrealized capital losses. However, cash payment of the incentive fee may be deferred in this situation, subject to the restrictions detailed at the end of this section. 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets
(defined as total assets, excluding investments purchased with borrowed funds, less liabilities) at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, will be compared to a hurdle rate of 1.5 per quarter (approximately 6 per annum).
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 We pay our Adviser an income-based incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 

no income-based incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; 

100 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any,
that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.82 in any calendar quarter. We refer to this portion of our pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.82 as
the catch-up provision. The catch-up is meant to provide our investment adviser with 17.5 of the
 pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeded 1.82 in any calendar quarter; and 

17.5 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 1.82 in any calendar quarter. 
 The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the income-related portion of the incentive fee: 
 Quarterly Incentive Fee Based on Net Investment Income 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (expressed as a percentage of the net value of net assets)

Capital Gains Incentive Fee: The capital gains incentive fee is determined and payable at the end of each fiscal year as
17.5 of our aggregate cumulative realized capital gains from the date of our election to be regulated as a BDC through the end of that year, computed net of all aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized
depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees. For the foregoing purpose, our aggregate cumulative realized capital gains will not include any unrealized
appreciation. It should be noted, however, that we will accrue an incentive fee for accounting purposes taking into account any unrealized appreciation in accordance with GAAP. The capital gains incentive fee is not subject to any minimum return to
stockholders. If such amount is negative, then no capital gains incentive fee will be payable for such year. Additionally, if the Advisory Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date will be treated as
though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying the capital gains incentive fee. We will defer cash payment of
any income-based incentive fee and/or any capital gains incentive fee otherwise earned by the Adviser if, during the most recent four full fiscal quarter period ending on or prior to the date such payment is to be made, the sum of (a) the pre-incentive fee net investment income, (b) the realized capital gain / loss and (c) the unrealized capital appreciation/depreciation, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets, is less
than 6.0 . Any such deferred fees are carried over for payment in subsequent calculation periods to the extent such payment is payable under the Advisory Agreement. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Example 1 Income Based Fee(1): 
 Assumptions 

Hurdle rate(2) = 1.5 

Management fee(3) = 0.375 

Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.)(4) = 0.20 Alternative 1 
 Additional Assumptions 

Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income -
(management fee + other expenses)) = 0.675 Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not
exceed the hurdle rate, therefore there is no income based fee. 

(1) 
 The hypothetical amount of pre-incentive fee net investment income shown is based on a percentage of total net assets. The example assumes that during the most recent four full
calendar quarter period ending on or prior to the date the payment set forth in the example is to be made the sum of (a) the pre-incentive fee net investment income, (b) the realized capital gain /
loss and (c) the unrealized capital appreciation/depreciation, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets, is at least 6.0 

(2) 
 Represents a quarter of the 6.0 annualized hurdle rate. 

(3) 
 Represents a quarter of the 1.5 annualized management fee. 

(4) 
 Excludes offering expenses. Alternative 2 
 Additional Assumptions 

Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.30 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income -
(management fee + other expenses)) = 1.725 Pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds hurdle
rate, therefore there is an income based incentive fee. 

Income 
 Based 
 Fee 

= 

100 Catch-Up + the greater
of 0 AND (17.5 (pre-incentive fee net investment income 1.8182 

= 

(100 (1.7250 1.5000 )) + 0 

= 

100 0.2250 

= 

0.2250 
 Alternative 3 
 Additional Assumptions 

Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.70 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income -
(management fee + other expenses)) = 2.125 Pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds hurdle
rate, therefore there is an income based fee. 

Income 
 Based 
 Fee 
 
 = 
 
 100 Catch-Up + the greater
of 0 AND (17.5 (pre-incentive fee net investment income - 2.1875 

= 
 
 (100 (1.8182 - 1.5000 )) + (17.5 (2.1250 - 1.8182 )) 

= 
 
 0.3182 + (17.5 0.3068 

= 
 
 0.3182 + 0.0537 

= 
 
 0.3719 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Example 2 Capital Gains Incentive Fee: 
 Alternative 1: Assumptions 

Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), and 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B 

Year 2: Investment A is sold for 50 million and fair value FV of Investment B determined to be 32 million 

Year 3: FV of Investment B determined to be 25 million 

Year 4: Investment B sold for 31 million The capital gains incentive fee, if any, would be: 

Year 1: None (No sales transactions) 

Year 2: 5.25 million (17.5 multiplied by 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A) 

Year 3: None; 4.375 million (17.5 multiplied by 30 million realized cumulative capital gains less 5 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less 5.25 million (previous Capital Gains Fee paid
in Year 2) 

Year 4: 175,000; 5.425 million (17.5 multiplied by 31 million cumulative realized capital gains) less 5.25 million (Capital Gains Fee paid in Year 2) 
 Alternative 2 Assumptions 

Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 25 million investment made in Company C Investment C 

Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million, FV of Investment B determined to be 25 million and FV of Investment C determined to be 25 million 

Year 3: FV of Investment B determined to be 27 million and Investment C sold for 30 million 

Year 4: FV of Investment B determined to be 35 million 

Year 5: Investment B sold for 20 million The capital gains incentive fee, if any, would be: 

Year 1: None (No sales transactions) 

Year 2: 4.375 million (17.5 multiplied by 25 million 30 million realized capital gains on Investment A less 5 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B)) 

Year 3: 1.225 million 5.6 million (17.5 multiplied by 32 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains less 3 million unrealized capital depreciation)) less 4.375 million
(Capital Gains Fee paid in Year 2)) 

Year 4: None (No sales transactions) 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Year 5: None 4.375 million (17.5 multiplied by 25 million (cumulative realized capital gains of 35 million less realized capital losses of 10 million)) less 5.6 million (cumulative
Capital Gains Fee paid in Year 2 and Year 3) Example 3 Deferral of Cash Payment of Incentive Fees: 
 Assumptions 

Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A 

Year 2, Quarter 4: Fair value FV of Investment A determined to be 19 million 

Net Assets for the 2 year period = 20mm(1) 

Period 
 
 Hurdle Rate 

Management Fee 

Other Expenses 

Investment Income 

Pre- Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 

Income- Based Fee(2) 

Year 1, Quarter 1 

1.5 

0.375 

0.20 

2.70 

2.125 

0.3719 

Year 1, Quarter 2 

1.5 

0.375 

0.20 

2.70 

2.125 

0.3719 

Year 1, Quarter 3 

1.5 

0.375 

0.20 

2.70 

2.125 

0.3719 

Year 1, Quarter 4 

1.5 

0.375 

0.20 

2.70 

2.125 

0.3719 

Year 2, Quarter 1 

1.5 

0.375 

0.20 

2.70 

2.125 

0.3719 

Year 2, Quarter 2 

1.5 

0.375 

0.20 

2.70 

2.125 

0.3719 

Year 2, Quarter 3 

1.5 

0.375 

0.20 

2.70 

2.125 

0.3719 

Year 2, Quarter 4 

1.5 

0.375 

0.20 

2.70 

2.125 

0.3719 
 
 Most recent four full fiscal quarter period ending Year 2, Quarter 4: 

a) 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income as a return on net assets = 2.125 4 = 8.5 

b) 
 Realized capital gain / (loss) = zero 

c) 
 Unrealized capital appreciation / (depreciation) = 1mm), as a return on net assets = (5 Sum of a), b) and
c) = 3.5 , therefore the income-based incentive fee for Year 2, Quarter 4 will not be paid and will be carried over for payment in subsequent periods 

(1) 
 Assumes all net investment income is distributed to investors 

(2) 
 See Example 1, Alternative 3 for calculation Payment of Our Expenses 
 All professionals of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services to us, and the
compensation and routine overhead expenses of personnel allocable to these services to us, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser and not by us. We will bear all other
 out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including, without limitation, those relating to: 

reasonable and documented organization and offering expenses to the extent reimbursement of such expenses is included in any future agreement with the Adviser; 

calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

fees and expenses payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in connection with
monitoring financial (including advising with respect to our financing strategy) 
 8 

Table of Contents 

and legal affairs for us and in providing administrative services, monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise relating to, or
associated with, evaluating and making investments; 

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments; 

sales and purchases of our common stock and other securities; 

base management fees and incentive fees payable to the Adviser; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

federal and state registration fees; 

all costs of registration and listing our securities on any securities exchange; 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or other regulators; 

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; 

our allocable portion of any fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; 

all other expenses incurred by us, the Administrator or the Adviser in connection with administering our business including payments under the Administration Agreement with the Administrator and payments under the
Expense Reimbursement Agreement based on our allocable portion of the Adviser s overhead in performing its obligations under the Expense Reimbursement Agreement, including the allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Compliance Officer and
Chief Financial Officer and their respective staffs. Duration and Termination 
 Unless terminated earlier as described below, the Advisory Agreement will continue in effect for a period of two years from its effective date.
It will remain in effect from year to year thereafter if (i) (A) approved annually by our Board or (B) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities and (ii) approved by a majority of our
Independent Directors. The Advisory Agreement automatically terminates in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act, by the Adviser and may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other.
The holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities may also terminate the Advisory Agreement without penalty upon 60 days written notice. See Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Structure the
Adviser and the Administrator will have the right to resign on 60 days notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement for either within that time, or at all, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely
affect our financial condition, business and results of operations . The Advisory Agreement provides that, absent criminal
conduct, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser and its professionals and any other person or
entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Adviser s
services under the Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our investment adviser. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Board Approval of the Advisory Agreement 
 Our Board determined at a meeting held on June 28, 2016 to approve the Advisory Agreement. In its consideration of the approval of the
Advisory Agreement, the Board focused on current, historical and projected information it had received relating to, among other things: 

the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by the Adviser over the term of the Advisory Agreement; 

comparative data with respect to advisory fees or similar expenses currently paid by other business development companies with similar investment objectives; 

our historical and projected operating expenses and expense ratio compared to business development companies with similar investment objectives; 

any existing and potential sources of indirect income to the Adviser from its relationship with us and the profitability of such relationship, including through the Advisory Agreement; 

information about the services to be performed and the personnel performing such services under the Advisory Agreement, including the capacity of the Adviser to handle the anticipated size and nature of our portfolio in
the future; 

the organizational capability and financial condition of the Adviser and its affiliates; 

The Adviser s practices regarding the selection and compensation of brokers that may execute our portfolio transactions and the brokers provision of brokerage and research services to the Adviser; and

the possibility of obtaining similar services from other third party service providers or through an internally managed structure, including both the potential benefits and relative costs and expenses involved.
 Deferral of Incentive Fees in Certain Instances 
 The terms of the Advisory Agreement provide that we will defer cash payment of any income-based incentive fee and/or any capital gains
incentive fee otherwise earned by the Adviser if during the most recent four full fiscal quarter period ending on or prior to the date such payment is to be made the sum of (a) the pre-incentive fee net
investment income, (b) the realized capital gain / loss and (c) the unrealized capital appreciation/depreciation, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets, is less than 6.0 . Any such deferred fees are carried over for
payment in subsequent calculation periods to the extent such payment is payable under the Advisory Agreement. Administrative Services and Certain
Expense Reimbursements We expect that the Adviser, certain of the Adviser s affiliates, and the Administrator will provide all
administrative services necessary for us to operate. In addition to the Administration Agreement, we may enter into a separate expense reimbursement agreement with the Adviser (the Expense Reimbursement Agreement under which any
allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer and their respective staffs will be reimbursed by the Fund. 
 Administration Agreement Pursuant to an
Administration Agreement we will enter into prior to the initial closing of the Fund s private placement, we expect that the Administrator will perform, or oversee the performance of, our required administrative services except those that are
provided by the Adviser or an affiliate of the Adviser, and which includes being responsible for the financial records which we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, we expect
that the Administrator will assist us in determining and publishing our net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally overseeing the payment
of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Payments under the Administration Agreement will be determined based on arms-length negotiations with the Administrator and will be based upon
expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. Payments under the Expense Reimbursement Agreement will be based upon the compensation of our 

 10 

Table of Contents 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and other staff of the Adviser providing administrative services to the Fund as well as our allocable portion of overhead expenses. In
accordance with the terms of the Administration Agreement and the Expense Reimbursement Agreement, we expect that overhead and other administrative expenses will be generally allocated between us and the Adviser by reference to the relative time
spent by personnel in performing administrative and similar functions on our behalf as compared to performing investment advisory or administrative functions on behalf of the Adviser. The Administration Agreement and the Expense Reimbursement
Agreement may be terminated by each party thereto without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. We expect that
the Administration Agreement and Expense Reimbursement Agreement will provide that, absent criminal conduct, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their respective duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of
their respective duties and obligations, the Administrator and Adviser and their respective officers, manager, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us
for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Administrator s services under the Administration Agreement or the
Adviser s services under the Expense Reimbursement Agreement or otherwise as the Administrator. Competition 
 Our primary competitors for investments include public and private credit investment funds, other BDCs, commercial and investment banks,
commercial financing companies and, to the extent they engage in making private loans to middle market companies, investment advisors that also manage private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have
considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk
tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940
Act imposes on us as a BDC or to the distribution and other requirements we must satisfy to maintain our qualification as a RIC. 
 Notwithstanding these risks, we believe that the Adviser s experience in middle market corporate lending, combined with its access to
AB s institutional infrastructure and established public and private credit franchises, provide us with market-leading competencies in the private corporate credit sector. We believe the Adviser has developed a best-in-class reputation due to the long-standing presence of its investment professionals in the middle market lending community and the significant relationships, skills and experience of its individual
members, particularly as it relates to sourcing, structuring, and negotiating investment opportunities. As it relates to strategy, we
view the Adviser as being differentiated by its focus on what we believe is a less competitive segment of the market. There are a number of industry participants that finance middle market companies, but many of them focus on a particular area of
the capital structure or industry sector. We believe the Adviser s flexibility to invest across the capital structure, as well as its investing experience across industries, will optimize the relative risk / return profile for investors.
Further, as opposed to traditional lenders such as banks and collateralized loan obligations that must structure loans to meet regulatory or contractual guidelines, we believe the Adviser has greater flexibility to tailor solutions for borrowers
and, ideally, receive premium pricing for doing this. The Adviser s investment philosophy and process have a demonstrated track
record of success. The Adviser is committed to the consistent application of its proven approach throughout the investment lifecycle, from deal selection to portfolio management, combining fundamental and valuation-based analytical tools and
principles with proven underwriting frameworks to strive to achieve superior outcomes. We believe that the Adviser is highly selective and focuses on pursuing companies that we believe exhibit strong underlying business models and durable intrinsic
value. We believe the Adviser s qualifications, experience, and track record of success will render us competitive in the BDC
marketplace. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Risk Factors Risks
Related to Our Business and Structure We may face increasing competition for investment opportunities . Managerial Assistance 
 As a BDC, we will offer, and must provide upon request, managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve, among
other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. We may also
receive fees for these services. The Adviser will provide, or arrange for the provision of, such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance, subject to reimbursement of any fees or expenses incurred on
our behalf by the Adviser in accordance with our Advisory Agreement. Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 We intend to adopt a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for stockholders to receive dividends or other distributions in cash unless a
stockholder elects to reinvest his or her dividends and other distributions as provided below. As a result of adopting such a plan, if our Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or distribution, our stockholders who have opted in to our
dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash dividends or distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving cash. 
 No action will be required on the part of a registered stockholder to have his or her cash dividends and distributions received in cash. A
registered stockholder could instead elect to have a dividend or distribution reinvested in shares of our common stock by notifying the Adviser in writing. Those stockholders whose Shares are held by a broker or other financial intermediary could
reinvest dividends and distributions in shares of common stock by notifying their broker or other financial intermediary of their election. 
 An Investor may elect to change its election by providing written notice to the Adviser no later than September 30th in any given fiscal year,
to go into effect for the following fiscal year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adviser may, in its sole and absolute discretion, accept such written notices on a later date. Such election may only be revoked prior to September 30 th on such year unless otherwise determined by the Adviser. For example, an Investor who provides timely notice in a fiscal year to change its election to elect to receive cash distributions for the
upcoming fiscal year will not receive distributions for income generated during the fourth quarter, as the amount of such distributions will be reflected in its net asset value until the date of the change in election. 
 Stockholders who receive dividends and distributions in the form of stock are generally subject to the same U.S. federal, state and local tax
consequences as are stockholders who elect to receive their dividends and distributions in cash. However, since an electing stockholder s cash dividends and distributions will be reinvested in our common stock, such stockholder will not receive
cash with which to pay applicable taxes on reinvested dividends and distributions. A stockholder s basis for determining gain or loss upon the sale of stock received in a dividend or distribution from us will generally be equal to the cash that
would have been received if the stockholder had received the dividend or distribution in cash, unless we were to issue new shares that are trading at or above net asset value, in which case, the stockholder s basis in the new shares will
generally be equal to their fair market value. Any stock received in a dividend or distribution will have a new holding period for tax purposes commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the U.S. stockholder s
account. The plan will be terminable by the Fund upon notice in writing mailed to each stockholder of record at least 30 days prior to
any record date for the payment of any distribution by the Fund. Staffing 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business will be provided by
individuals who are employees of the Administrator, the Adviser or its affiliates, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Administration Agreement and the Expense Reimbursement 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Agreement. Each of our executive officers described under Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance is an employee of the Adviser or its affiliates. Our day-to-day investment operations will be managed by the Adviser. The services necessary for the origination and administration of our investment portfolio will be provided by
investment professionals employed by the Adviser or its affiliates. This investment team will focus on origination and transaction development and the ongoing monitoring of our investments. In addition, we may reimburse the Adviser for any allocable
portion of the compensation paid by the Adviser (or its affiliates) to the Fund s Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer (based on the percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to the business and affairs
of the Fund) and any internal audit staff, to the extent internal audit performs a role in our Sarbanes-Oxley internal control assessment. See Description of Business General Investment Advisory Agreement; Administration
Agreement . Our day-to-day investment and
administrative operations will be managed by the Adviser and its affiliates and the Administrator. The Adviser s Investment Committee is supported by a team of additional experienced investment professionals. The Adviser and the Administrator
may hire additional investment and administrative professionals in the future to provide services to us, based upon our needs. See Investment Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement . 
 The Private Offering and Liquidity Options The
Private Offering We expect to enter into separate subscription agreements with investors providing for the private placement of Shares
pursuant to the Private Offering. Each investor will make a Capital Commitment to purchase Shares pursuant to a subscription agreement. Investors will be required to make capital contributions to purchase Shares each time we deliver a capital call
notice, which will be issued based on our anticipated investment activities and capital needs and delivered at least 10 business days prior to the required funding date, in an aggregate amount not to exceed each investor s respective Remaining
Commitment. All purchases of our common stock will generally be made pro rata in accordance with each investor s Capital Commitment, in an amount not to exceed each investor s Remaining Commitment, at a
 per-share price equal to the net asset value per share of our common stock subject to any adjustments. Any adjustments would take into account a determination of changes to net asset value within 48 hours of
the sale to assure compliance with Section 23(b) of the 1940 Act. The Fund expects to accept additional Capital Commitments through
Subsequent Closings from new investors as well as existing investors that wish to increase their commitment and investment in the Fund. These Subsequent Closings are expected to occur on a calendar-quarter end based on investor interest as well as
the state of the market and our capacity to invest the additional capital in a reasonable period. Each Capital Commitment will be for the life of the Fund or for a shorter period based on the investor s liquidation election, subject to the
Fund s receipt of exemptive relief related to the Liquidating Share Class and the New BDC, as described below. Liquidity Options 
 We may seek exemptive relief to offer liquidity to our investors as follows: 
 Spinoff BDC . We intend to apply for exemptive relief from the SEC which, if granted, would provide a liquidity option to allow
investors to exchange their Shares for shares of common stock in a newly formed entity (the New BDC that will elect to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act, and that will effectuate an orderly wind down after the third anniversary of
the initial closing of the Fund s private placement, and every three years thereafter. 2 Investors will also be able to retain their existing Shares and investments in the Fund and to receive
distributions in the ordinary course. In order to effectuate this option, the Fund expects it would need to, among other things, transfer to the New BDC, in exchange for newly issued shares of the New BDC, a pro rata portion of its assets and
liabilities corresponding to the aggregate net asset value of the Shares of the investors that have elected 

2 
 The Fund may delay its initial offer of shares of the New BDC by one year until after the fourth anniversary of
the initial closing of the Fund s private placement (i) to provide the Fund with additional time to seek the exemptive relief required to effectuate the New BDC Spinoff or (ii) for another reason as determined appropriate by the
Adviser. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

to invest in the New BDC (the Transfer Assets ), and thereafter exchange the New BDC shares received for the Shares of the electing investors. Such transfer of assets and liabilities
and the mechanics relating thereto are referred to herein as the New BDC Spin-Off . Upon execution of the New BDC Spin-Off, investors owning shares of the New
BDC will be released from any further obligation to purchase additional Fund Shares but their Remaining Commitment, if any, may be called in exchange for additional shares of the New BDC. Such Remaining Commitments will not be called to fund new
investments in the New BDC and investors owning shares of the New BDC will not be required to fund their respective Remaining Commitments with respect to such shares of the New BDC except to the extent necessary to cover any required post commitment
period obligations. Because the Adviser would be managing both the Fund and the New BDC, and the 1940 Act prohibits entities under common
control from engaging in certain transactions, the Fund will be required to rely on obtaining exemptive relief from the SEC to permit the transfer of assets from the Fund to the New BDC, as well as with respect to other aspects relating to the New
BDC Spin-Off. There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to obtain such exemptive relief from the SEC. Assuming the Fund is able to obtain exemptive relief, the Board will then make the determination
as to if and when it is appropriate to effectuate the New BDC Spin-Off. Upon the execution of each New BDC Spinoff, the Fund would effectively be divided into two separate BDCs. The Fund will continue to
operate as an externally managed BDC and to conduct private offerings to raise capital and, in connection therewith, accept other subscription agreements from current and new investors wishing to invest in the Fund. Each New BDC will operate as an
externally managed BDC by the Adviser and will effectuate an orderly wind down consistent with its investment objective. Liquidating
Share Class . The Fund may also apply for exemptive relief from the SEC which, if granted, would allow the Fund to offer its stockholders the option to exchange their Shares, in whole or in part, for shares of a liquidating class of common stock
(each share, a Liquidation Share and the class, the Liquidating Share Class ). This offer would be made after the third anniversary of the initial closing of the Fund s private placement, and every year thereafter. 3 This offer will be made with respect to each stockholder beginning on the end of each calendar year that falls on or after the third anniversary of the date of the acceptance of the Investor s
commitment, and each subsequent calendar year end thereafter (an Investor holding matured Shares per this timeline being deemed an Eligible Stockholder ). The Liquidation Shares will therefore have a series for each year that this is
offered (e.g., 2020 Series, 2021 Series, etc.). If exemptive relief for the Liquidating Share Class is granted by the SEC, the Fund intends to continue operations in perpetuity (or until the Adviser determines an alternative liquidity option is
in the best interest of the stockholders). Eligible Stockholders will have the right to obtain one Liquidation Share for each Share owned as of the last day of each calendar year (each, a Liquidating Share Exchange Date by providing at
least 90 days prior written notice to the Fund. Eligible Stockholders may also have the right as part of the process for electing (or declining) to exchange Shares for Liquidation Shares (each exchange, a Liquidating Share Exchange, to
call, in whole or in part, any Remaining Commitments pursuant to their subscription agreement, and may do so after the Liquidating Share Exchange. Such Remaning Commitments will not be called to fund new investments in the Fund and Investors owning
shares of the Liquidating Share Class will not be required to fund their respective Remaining Commitments with respect to such Liquidation Shares except to the extent necessary to cover any required post commitment period obligations. 
 For avoidance of doubt, no stockholder will have the right to commence the process of obtaining Liquidation Shares with respect to such
stockholder s Shares if such stockholder is not an Eligible Stockholder. On each Liquidating Share Exchange Date, the Fund will
allocate a pro rata portion of the Fund s assets and liabilities corresponding to the aggregate net asset value of the Shares held by the Eligible Stockholders electing to exchange such Shares for Liquidation Shares on such date (each such
Eligible Stockholder, after such Liquidating Share Exchange Date, with respect to the amount of Shares exchanged for Liquidation Shares, a Liquidating 

3 
 The Fund may delay its initial offer of the Liquidating Share Class by one year until after the fourth
anniversary of the initial closing of the Fund s private placement (i) to provide the Fund with additional time to seek the exemptive relief required to effectuate the New BDC Spinoff or (ii) for another reason as determined
appropriate by the Adviser. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Investor ). The Fund will make distributions Liquidation Distributions to Liquidating Investors, to the extent distribution proceeds are available, on each Liquidation Payment
Date, after the deduction of any allocated expenses (including the base management fee and the incentive fee). Each Liquidation Payment Date will be on or prior to the 90th day following the end of each fiscal quarter of the Fund. 
 There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to obtain such exemptive relief from the SEC. Assuming the Fund is able to obtain
exemptive relief, the Board will then make the determination as to if and when it is appropriate for it to effectuate any such Liquidating Share Exchange. 
 Limited Tender Offers. If, in the judgment of the Fund Board in exercising its fiduciary duty, and subject to the receipt of Exemptive
Relief from the SEC, the completion of any New BDC Spinoff or Liquidation Distributions would not make economic sense and/or would not be in the best interest of the Fund stockholders taken as a whole, then the Fund may instead conduct a limited
tender offer (with respect to each such New BDC Spinoff or Liquidating Share Class, a Limited Tender Offer to those Fund stockholders who had opted to exchange their Fund Shares for shares of the New BDC or who had elected to opt into
the Liquidating Share Class. Pursuant to each Tender Offer, the Fund would repurchase that number of Fund Shares from the Fund stockholders who had opted to exchange their Fund Shares for shares of the New BDC or who had elected to opt into the
Liquidating Share Class that corresponds to the amount of cash, cash equivalents and assets that can easily be liquidated to generate cash that the Fund determines in its discretion to be available and as disclosed in communications with
respect to the Limited Tender Offer. Each per share Limited Tender Offer price would be based on the then current net asset value per share of the Fund. The Fund may also conduct any such Limited Tender Offer in conjunction with any such New BDC
Spinoff or Liquidating Share Exchange. There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to obtain such exemptive relief from the SEC. Assuming the Fund is able to obtain exemptive relief, the Board will then make the determination as to if and
when it is appropriate for it to effectuate any such Limited Tender Offer. Regardless of whether exemptive relief is granted for either
the Liquidating Share Class, the New BDC or the Limited Tender Offer, we will continue our operations in a manner otherwise set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The proposals to establish a Liquidating Share Class or a New BDC or to provide a Limited Tender Offer (collectively, the
 Proposals would involve transactions that are currently prohibited by the 1940 Act and would require an SEC order in order to be established. The SEC has not previously granted orders with respect to a Liquidating Share Class or a
New BDC, and it could take several years before the SEC determines whether relief is appropriate and it may ultimately deny the requests for any or all of the Proposals. If exemptive relief is not granted for any of the Proposals, the Board would
need to consider other ways to permit shareholders to liquidate their investments. If you expect to need access to your investment in the near future, you should not invest in the Fund. 
 Other Liquidity Options We also may
offer liquidity to our investors as follows: IPO or Wind Up . Regardless of whether exemptive relief is granted for either the
Liquidating Share Class, the New BDC Spin-Off, or the Tender Offer, the Fund will continue its operations in a manner otherwise set forth in this Annual Report on Form
 10-K, including potentially pursuing a Qualified IPO before the third anniversary of the Initial Closing, subject to the Adviser s option to extend this by up to one (1) year beyond the third
anniversary of the Initial Closing Date (a Qualified IPO is an IPO of the Fund s Shares that results in an unaffiliated public float of at least 15 of the aggregate amount of capital committed to the Fund by investors received
prior to the date of such IPO). In the event exemptive relief is not granted for the Liquidating Share Class, the New BDC Spin-Off, or the Limited Tender Offer, and a Qualified IPO has not been completed
before the third anniversary of the Initial Closing, subject to the Adviser s option to extend this by up to one (1) year beyond the third anniversary of the initial closing date, the Fund may wind up in accordance with this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Upon a Qualified IPO or commencement of a wind-up, investors will be released from any further commitment to purchase additional Shares subject to certain
exceptions contained in their subscription agreements. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 General Tender Offer . Subject to the discretion of the Board, the Fund may commence a
general tender offer pursuant to which it intends to conduct tender offers, at the Board s discretion, in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 under the 1934 Act and the 1940 Act, to allow each
Investor to tender their Shares at a price equal to the current net offering price per share in effect on each date of repurchase. The general tender offer will include numerous restrictions that limit an Investor s ability to sell its shares.
If the Fund obtains exemptive relief with respect to the New BDC Spinoff or Liquidating Share Class, the general tender offer may also be conducted in conjunction with either of a New BDC Spinoff or Liquidating Share Class. 
 The Fund expects that general tender offers made in each quarter will be limited to a percentage, to be determined by the Board, of the
weighted average number of shares of the Fund s common stock outstanding in the prior 12-month period. At the discretion of the Board, the Fund may use cash on hand, cash available from borrowings, and
cash from the sale of our investments as of the end of the applicable period to repurchase Shares pursuant to a general tender offer. Each Investor may tender all of the Shares that it owns. To the extent that the number of Shares tendered to the
Fund pursuant to a general tender offer exceeds the number of Shares that the Fund is able to purchase, the Fund will repurchase Shares on a pro rata basis. There is no tender priority for an Investor under the circumstances of death or disability
of any stockholder. Further, the Fund will have no obligation to repurchase Shares if the repurchase would violate the restrictions on distributions under federal law or Maryland law. The general tender offer has many limitations, including the
limitations described above, and should not in any way be viewed as the equivalent of a secondary market. Any periodic repurchase offers will be subject in part to the Fund s available cash and compliance with the RIC qualification and
diversification rules and the 1940 Act. Investors will not pay a fee to the Fund in connection with any repurchase of shares under the share repurchase program. 
 Other than in connection with an election to exchange Shares for Shares of the New BDC in connection with the New BDC Spin-Off, to enter into a Liquidating Share Class, pursuant to a Limited Tender Offer, or participation in a general tender offer, no Investor who participated in the Private Offering will be permitted to sell,
assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of its Shares or Capital Commitment unless the Fund provides its prior consent and the transfer is otherwise made in accordance with applicable law. 
 While the Fund expects each subscription agreement to reflect the terms and conditions summarized in the preceding paragraphs, the Fund
reserves the right to enter into subscription agreements that contain different terms and conditions or which contain terms and conditions not found in subscription agreements entered into with other investors, subject to applicable law. 
 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and to an investment in
shares of our common stock. This discussion is based on the provisions of the Code and the regulations of the U.S. Department of Treasury promulgated thereunder, or Treasury regulations, each as in effect as of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. These provisions are subject to differing interpretations and change by
legislative or administrative action, and any change may be retroactive. This discussion does not constitute a detailed explanation of all U.S. federal income tax aspects affecting us and our stockholders and does not purport to deal with the U.S.
federal income tax consequences that may be important to particular stockholders in light of their individual investment circumstances or to some types of stockholders subject to special tax rules, such as financial institutions, broker dealers,
insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, partnerships or other pass-through entities, persons holding our common stock in connection with a hedging, straddle, conversion or other integrated transaction, non-U.S. stockholders (as defined below) engaged in a trade or business in the United States, persons who have ceased to be U.S. citizens or to be taxed as resident aliens or individual non-U.S. stockholders present in the United States for 183 days or more during a taxable year. This discussion also does not address any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. This
discussion assumes that our stockholders hold their shares of our common stock as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes (generally, assets held for investment). No ruling has been or will be sought from the IRS regarding any matter
discussed herein. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 A U.S. stockholder is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is for U.S. federal
income tax purposes: 

an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 

a corporation created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state therein or the District of Columbia; 

an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 

a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary jurisdiction over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust.
 A non-U.S. stockholder means a beneficial owner of shares of our common
stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes not a U.S. stockholder. If a partnership or other entity classified as a partnership,
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, holds our shares, the U.S. tax treatment of the partnership and each partner generally will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner
level. A partnership considering an investment in our common stock should consult its own tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of shares by the partnership. 
 Taxation of the Fund As soon as is
reasonably practicable, we intend to elect to be treated and to qualify each year as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be required to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital
gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things: 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock, securities or foreign
currencies, other income derived with respect to our business of investing in stock, securities or currencies, or net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership, or QPTP, hereinafter the
 90 Gross Income Test; and 

diversify our holdings so that, at the end of each quarter of each taxable year: 

at least 50 of the value of our total assets is represented by cash and cash items, U.S. Government securities, the securities of other RICs and other securities, with other securities limited, in respect of any one
issuer, to an amount not greater than 5 of the value of our total assets and not more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer, and 

not more than 25 of the value of our total assets is invested in the securities of any issuer (other than U.S. Government securities and the securities of other RICs), the securities of any two or more issuers that we
control and that are determined to be engaged in the same business or similar or related trades or businesses, or the securities of one or more QPTPs, or the Diversification Tests. 
 As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on net income and net-realized 
capital gains that we distribute to our stockholders in any taxable year with respect to which we distribute an amount equal to at least 90 of the sum of our (i) investment company taxable income (i.e., our taxable ordinary income, which
includes, among other items, dividends , and interest, plus the excess (if any) of our net realized short-term 
 17 

Table of Contents 

capital gains over net realized long-term capital losses, reduced by deductible expenses) determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and (ii) net tax-exempt interest income (which is the excess of our gross tax-exempt interest income over certain disallowed deductions), or the Annual Distribution
Requirement. We intend to timely distribute all or substantially all of our investment company taxable income in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. Generally, if we fail to meet this Annual Distribution Requirement for any
taxable year, we will fail to qualify as a RIC for such taxable year and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on all of our net income and net realized capital gains regardless of any distributions made to
stockholders. To the extent we meet the Annual Distribution Requirement for a taxable year, but retain our net capital gains (i.e., our net realized long-term capital gains in excess of net realized short-term capital losses) for investment or any
investment company taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on such retained capital gains and investment company taxable income. We may choose to retain our net capital gains for investment or any investment company taxable
income, and pay the associated U.S. federal corporate income tax. If we qualify as a RIC and meet the Annual Distribution Requirement, we
will be subject to a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax on undistributed income, unless we timely distribute (or are deemed to have timely distributed) each calendar year an amount equal to the sum of: 

at least 98 of our ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for the calendar year; 

at least 98.2 of the amount by which our capital gains exceed our capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for a one-year period generally ending on October 31
of the calendar year (unless an election is made by us to use our taxable year); and 

certain undistributed amounts from previous years on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. While we
intend to make sufficient distributions to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement as discussed above, we may choose to defer certain distributions of net income or net realized capital gains. If we do so, we will be subject to this 4 U.S.
federal excise tax only on the amount by which we do not meet the foregoing distribution requirement. We are authorized to borrow funds
and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while any senior securities are outstanding unless we meet the applicable asset coverage
ratios. See Regulation as a Business Development Company Senior Securities . Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of
our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or to avoid the 4 U.S. federal excise tax, we may
make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. For example, we may have to sell assets at times when their fair market value is lower than cost due to temporary market conditions. In the absence of a need
to sell assets to generate cash to satisfy our distributions requirements, we may believe that it would be better from an investment standpoint to retain such assets until they matured or market conditions improved. 
 A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income (which is, generally,
ordinary income plus the excess of net short-term capital gains over net long-term capital losses). If our expenses in a given year exceed investment company taxable income, we would experience a net operating loss for that year. However, a RIC is
not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent years. In addition, expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. Due to these limits on the deductibility of expenses, we may, for tax
purposes, have aggregate taxable income for several years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to our stockholders even if such income is greater than the aggregate net income we actually earned during those years. Such required
distributions may be made from our cash assets or by liquidation of investments, if necessary. We may realize gains or losses from such liquidations. In the event we realize net capital gains from such transactions, stockholders may receive a larger
capital gain distribution than they would have received in the absence of such transactions. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to Qualify as a RIC 
 We intend to elect to be treated as a RIC as soon as practicable. To the extent that we have net taxable income prior to our qualification as
RIC, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on such income at regular corporate rates. In addition, we would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders, nor would they be required to be made. Distributions, including distributions of
net long-term capital gain, would generally be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate stockholders would be
eligible to claim a dividend received deduction with respect to such dividend; non-corporate stockholders would generally be able to treat such dividends as qualified dividend income, which is
subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining
distributions would be treated as a capital gain. In order to qualify as a RIC, in addition to the other requirements discussed above, we would be required to distribute all of our previously undistributed earnings attributable to any period prior
to us becoming a RIC by the end of the first year that we intend to qualify as a RIC. To the extent that we have any net built-in gains in our assets i.e. , the excess of the aggregate gains, including
items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with respect to such assets if we had been liquidated) as of the beginning of the first year that we qualify as a RIC, we would be subject to a corporate-level U.S. federal income
tax on such built-in gains when recognized over the next five years. Alternatively, we may choose to recognize such built-in gains immediately prior to our qualification
as a RIC. If we have previously qualified as RIC, but were subsequently unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, and certain
amelioration provisions are not applicable, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income (including our net capital gains) at regular corporate rates for any year in which we fail to qualify as a RIC. We would not be able to deduct
distributions to stockholders, nor would they be required to be made. Distributions, including distributions of net long-term capital gain, would generally be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and
accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate stockholders would be eligible to claim a dividend received deduction with respect to such dividend; non-corporate 
stockholders would generally be able to treat such dividends as qualified dividend income, which is subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be
treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. In order to requalify as a RIC, in addition to the other requirements discussed above, we
would be required to distribute all of our previously undistributed earnings attributable to the period we failed to qualify as a RIC by the end of the first year that we intend to requalify as a RIC. If we fail to requalify as a RIC for a period
greater than two taxable years, we may be subject to regular corporate tax on any net built-in gains with respect to certain of our assets i.e. , the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of
income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with respect to such assets if we had been liquidated) that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized over the next five years. 
 The remainder of this discussion assumes that we qualify as a RIC for each taxable year. 
 Fund Investments Certain of our
investment practices including investments in debt instruments, warrants and foreign investments, are subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the
allowance of certain losses or deductions, including the dividends received deduction, (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gains and qualified dividend income into higher taxed short-term capital gains or ordinary income,
(iii) convert ordinary loss or a deduction into capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (iv) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (v) adversely affect the time as to when a
purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions and (vii) produce income that will not qualify as good income for purposes of the 90 Gross
Income Test. We monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections and may be required to borrow money or dispose of securities to mitigate the effect of these rules and to prevent disqualification of us as a RIC but there can be no
assurance that we will be successful in this regard. Debt Instruments. In certain circumstances, we may be required to recognize taxable income
prior to when we receive cash. For example, if we hold debt instruments that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with an
 end-of-term payment and/or a payment-in-kind PIK interest payment or, in
certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in taxable income 
 19 

Table of Contents 

each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year.
Because any original issue discount accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and
to avoid the 4 U.S. federal excise tax, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. Warrants. Gain or loss realized by
us from the sale or exchange of warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally are treated as capital gain or loss. The treatment of such gain or loss as long-term or short-term generally depends on
how long we held a particular warrant and on the nature of the disposition transaction. Foreign Investments. Although investing in foreign
investments will not be our primary investment objective, we are authorized to make foreign investments. In the event we invest in foreign securities, we may be subject to withholding and other foreign taxes with respect to those securities. We do
not expect to satisfy the requirement to pass through to our stockholders their share of the foreign taxes paid by us. If we invest in
the stock of a foreign corporation that is classified as a passive foreign investment company (within the meaning of Section 1297 of the Code), or PFIC, we would be subject to a penalty tax at ordinary income rates on
any gains and excess distributions with respect to PFIC stock as if such items had been realized ratably over the period during which we held the PFIC stock, plus an interest charge. A PFIC is any foreign corporation if (1)
75 percent or more of the gross income of such corporation for the taxable year is passive income, or (2) at least 50 percent of the average percentage of assets held by such corporation during the taxable year produce passive income
or are held for the production of passive income. Under certain circumstances, we may be eligible to make a special election to ameliorate the effects of the penalty tax by electing to treat the PFIC as a qualifying electing fund, or
 QEF, or by electing to mark to market the PFIC stock. If we make a QEF election, we would not be subject to the penalty tax, but we would currently be subject to tax at ordinary rates on any increases in the earnings and profits of the
PFIC even if the PFIC makes no distributions. If we make the mark-to-market election, we would recognize ordinary income or loss each year on a mark-to-market basis based on changes in the value of the PFIC stock. If we do invest in a PFIC, no assurances can be given that we will be eligible to or will make a QEF
election or a mark-to-market election with respect to such PFIC. 
 Under the Code, gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates which occur between the time we accrue income or other
receivables or accrue expenses or other liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and the time we actually collect such receivables or pay such liabilities generally are treated as ordinary income or loss. Similarly, on disposition of debt
instruments and certain other instruments denominated in a foreign currency, gains or losses attributable to fluctuations if the value of the foreign currency between the date of acquisition of the instrument and the date of disposition also are
treated as ordinary gain or loss. These currency fluctuations related gains and losses may increase or decrease the amount of our investment company taxable income to be distributed to our stockholders as ordinary income. 
 Taxation of U.S. Stockholders 
 Distributions by us generally are taxable to U.S. stockholders as ordinary income or long-term capital gains. Distributions of our
 investment company taxable income (which is, generally, our net ordinary income plus net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses) will be taxable as ordinary income to U.S. stockholders to the extent of our
current or accumulated earnings and profits, whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. To the extent such distributions paid by us to non-corporate stockholders (including
individuals) are attributable to dividends from U.S. corporations and certain qualified foreign corporations and if certain holding period requirements are met, such distributions generally will be treated as qualified dividend income and eligible
for a maximum U.S. federal tax rate of 20 . In this regard, it is anticipated that distributions paid by us will generally not be attributable to dividends and, therefore, generally will not qualify for the 20 maximum U.S. federal tax rate. 
 Distributions of our net capital gain (which is generally our realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short- term
capital losses) properly reported by us as capital gain dividends will be taxable to a U.S. stockholder as long-term capital gains (currently at a maximum U.S. federal tax rate of 20 in the case of
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

individuals, trusts or estates, regardless of the U.S. stockholder s holding period for his, her or its common stock and regardless of whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional common
stock. Distributions in excess of our earnings and profits first will reduce a U.S. stockholder s adjusted tax basis in such stockholder s common stock and, after the adjusted basis is reduced to zero, will constitute capital gains to such
U.S. stockholder. Stockholders receiving dividends or distributions in the form of additional shares of our common stock purchased in the market should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as receiving a distribution in an amount equal to
the amount of money that the stockholders receiving cash dividends or distributions will receive, and should have a cost basis in the shares received equal to such amount. Stockholders receiving dividends in newly issued shares of our common stock
will be treated as receiving a distribution equal to the value of the shares received, and should have a cost basis of such amount. 
 Although we currently intend to timely distribute any net long-term capital gains in order to eliminate our liability for U.S. federal
corporate income tax on such gains, we may in the future decide to retain some or all of our net long-term capital gains but designate the retained amount as a deemed distribution. In that case, among other consequences, we will pay tax
on the retained amount, each U.S. stockholder will be required to include their share of the deemed distribution in income as if it had been distributed to the U.S. stockholder, and the U.S. stockholder will be entitled to claim a credit equal to
their allocable share of the tax paid on the deemed distribution by us. The amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be added to the U.S. stockholder s tax basis for their common stock. Since we expect to pay tax on any retained
capital gains at our regular corporate tax rate, and since that rate is in excess of the maximum rate currently payable by individuals on long-term capital gains, the amount of tax that individual stockholders will be treated as having paid and for
which they will receive a credit will exceed the tax they owe on the retained net capital gain. Such excess generally may be claimed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder s other U.S. federal income tax obligations or may be refunded to the
extent it exceeds a stockholder s liability for U.S. federal income tax. A stockholder that is not subject to U.S. federal income tax or otherwise required to file a U.S. federal income tax return would be required to file a U.S. federal income
tax return on the appropriate form in order to claim a refund for the taxes we paid. In order to utilize the deemed distribution approach, we must provide written notice to our stockholders prior to the expiration of 60 days after the close of the
relevant taxable year. We cannot treat any of our investment company taxable income as a deemed distribution. We or the
applicable withholding agent will provide you with a notice reporting the amount of any ordinary income dividends (including the amount of such dividend, if any, eligible to be treated as qualified dividend income) and capital gain dividends by
January 31. For purposes of determining (1) whether the Annual Distribution Requirement is satisfied for any year and (2) the amount of capital gain dividends paid for that year, we may, under certain circumstances, elect to treat a
dividend that is paid during the following taxable year as if it had been paid during the taxable year in question. If we make such an election, the U.S. stockholder will still be treated as receiving the dividend in the taxable year in which the
distribution is made. However, if we pay you a dividend in January that was declared in the previous October, November or December to stockholders of record on a specified date in one of these months, then the dividend will be treated for tax
purposes as being paid by us and received by you on December 31 of the year in which the dividend was declared. If a stockholder purchases shares of our stock shortly before the record date of a distribution, the price of the shares will
include the value of the distribution and the stockholder will be subject to tax on the distribution even though it represents a return of its investment. 
 Alternative Minimum Tax. As a RIC, we are subject to alternative minimum tax, also referred to as AMT, but any items that are treated
differently for AMT purposes must be apportioned between us and our U.S. stockholders and this may affect the U.S. stockholders AMT liabilities. Although regulations explaining the precise method of apportionment have not yet been issued, such
items will generally be apportioned in the same proportion that dividends paid to each U.S. stockholder bear to our taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction), unless a different method for particular item is
warranted under the circumstances. Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Under the dividend reinvestment plan that we intend to adopt, if a U.S. stockholder
owns shares of common stock registered in its own name, the U.S. stockholder will have all cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock if the U.S. stockholder opts in to our dividend reinvestment plan by
delivering a written notice to the Adviser or our dividend paying agent, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of the dividend reinvestment plan. See Business Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Any
distributions reinvested under the plan will nevertheless remain taxable to the U.S. stockholder. The U.S. stockholder will have an adjusted basis in the additional common shares purchased through the plan equal to the amount of the reinvested
distribution. The additional shares will have a new holding period commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the U.S. stockholder s account. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Dispositions. A U.S. stockholder generally will recognize gain or loss on the sale, exchange or other
taxable disposition of shares of our common stock in an amount equal to the difference between the U.S. stockholder s adjusted basis in the shares disposed of and the amount realized on their disposition. Generally, gain recognized by a U.S.
stockholder on the disposition of shares of our common stock will result in capital gain or loss to a U.S. stockholder, and will be a long-term capital gain or loss if the shares have been held for more than one year at the time of sale. Any loss
recognized by a U.S. stockholder upon the disposition of shares of our common stock held for six months or less will be treated as a long-term capital loss to the extent of any capital gain dividends received (including amounts credited as an
undistributed capital gain dividend) by the U.S. stockholder. A loss recognized by a U.S. stockholder on a disposition of shares of our common stock will be disallowed as a deduction if the U.S. stockholder acquires additional shares of our common
stock (whether through the automatic reinvestment of dividends or otherwise) within a 61-day period beginning 30 days before and ending 30 days after the date that the shares are disposed. In this case, the
basis of the shares acquired will be adjusted to reflect the disallowed loss. Tax Shelter Reporting Regulations. Under applicable Treasury
regulations, if a U.S. stockholder recognizes a loss with respect to shares of 2 million or more for a non-corporate U.S. stockholder or 10 million or more for a corporate U.S. stockholder in any
single taxable year (or a greater loss over a combination of years), the U.S. stockholder must file with the IRS a disclosure statement on Form 8886. Direct U.S. stockholders of portfolio securities are in many cases excepted from this reporting
requirement, but under current guidance, U.S. stockholders of a RIC are not excepted. Future guidance may extend the current exception from this reporting requirement to U.S. stockholders of most or all RICs. The fact that a loss is reportable under
these regulations does not affect the legal determination of whether the taxpayer s treatment of the loss is proper. U.S. stockholders should consult their own tax advisers to determine the applicability of these regulations in light of their
individual circumstances. Backup Withholding. We are required in certain circumstances to backup withhold on taxable dividends or distributions
paid to non-corporate U.S. stockholders who do not furnish us or the dividend-paying agent with their correct taxpayer identification number (in the case of individuals, their social security number) and
certain certifications, or who are otherwise subject to backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld from payments made to you may be refunded or credited against your U.S. federal income tax liability, if
any, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Limitation on Deduction for Certain Expenses. For any period that we
do not qualify as a publicly offered regulated investment company, as defined in the Code, stockholders will be taxed as though they received a distribution of some of our expenses. A publicly offered regulated investment
company is a RIC whose shares are either (i) continuously offered pursuant to a public offering, (ii) regularly traded on an established securities market or (iii) held by at least 500 persons at all times during the taxable
year. We anticipate that we will not qualify as a publicly offered RIC immediately after the Private Offering; we may qualify as a publicly offered RIC for future taxable years. If we are not a publicly offered RIC for any period, a non-corporate stockholder s allocable portion of our affected expenses, including our management fees, will be treated as an additional distribution to the stockholder and will be deductible by such stockholder
only to the extent permitted under the limitations described below. For non-corporate stockholders, including individuals, trusts, and estates, significant limitations generally apply to the deductibility of
certain expenses of a non-publicly offered RIC, including advisory fees. In particular, these expenses, referred to as miscellaneous itemized deductions, are deductible to an individual only to the extent they
exceed 2 of such a stockholder s adjusted gross income, and are not deductible for alternative minimum tax purposes. U.S. Taxation of Tax-Exempt U.S. Stockholders. A U.S. stockholder that is a tax-exempt organization for U.S. federal income tax purposes and therefore generally exempt from U.S. federal
income taxation may nevertheless be subject to taxation to the extent that it is considered to derive unrelated business taxable income UBTI ). The direct conduct by a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder
of the activities we propose to conduct could give rise to UBTI. However, a BDC is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and its business activities generally will not be attributed to its stockholders for purposes of determining their
treatment under current law. Therefore, a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder generally should not be subject to U.S. taxation solely as a result of the stockholder s ownership of shares of common stock and
receipt of dividends with respect to such shares. Moreover, under current 
 22 

Table of Contents 

law, if we incur indebtedness, such indebtedness will not be attributed to a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder. Therefore, a
 tax-exempt U.S. stockholder should not be treated as earning income from debt-financed property and dividends we pay should not be treated as unrelated debt-financed income solely as a
result of indebtedness that we incur. Proposals periodically are made to change the treatment of blocker investment vehicles interposed between tax-exempt investors and non-qualifying investments. In the event that any such proposals were to be adopted and applied to BDCs, the treatment of dividends payable to tax-exempt investors could be
adversely affected. In addition, special rules would apply, however, if we were to invest in certain real estate investment trusts or other taxable mortgage pools, which we do not currently plan to do, that could result in a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder recognizing income that would be treated as UBTI. Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders The following discussion only applies to
 non-U.S. stockholders that are not engaged in a U.S. trade or business. Non-U.S. stockholders engaged in a U.S. trade or business should consult their own tax advisers
to determine the tax consequences to such non-U.S. shareholder of acquiring, holding, and disposing of Shares. Whether an investment in Shares is appropriate for a
 non-U.S. stockholder will depend upon that person s particular circumstances. The tax consequences to non-U.S. stockholders entitled to claim the benefits of an
applicable tax treaty or that are individuals that are present in the U.S. for 183 days or more during a taxable year may be different from those described herein. Non-U.S. stockholders should consult their
own tax advisers before investing in shares of our common stock. Actual and Deemed Distributions; Dispositions. Distributions to non-U.S. stockholders are not generally subject to U.S. income tax. Such distributions are subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a 30 rate (or lower rate provided by an applicable treaty) to the extent of our
current or accumulated earnings and profits unless one of the exceptions discussed below are applicable. In this respect, no withholding is required with respect to a distribution if (i) the distributions are properly reported to our
stockholders as interest-related dividends or short-term capital gain dividends, (ii) the distributions are derived from sources specified in the Code for such dividends (i.e., net interest income or net short-term capital
gains) and (iii) certain other requirements are satisfied. In addition, no withholding is required with respect to distributions of our net capital gains properly reported as capital gain dividends. We anticipate that a significant portion of
our distributions will be eligible for one of these exceptions from withholding. No certainty can be provided, however, that all of our distributions will be eligible for such exceptions and we cannot provide any certainty as to what percentage of
our distributions (if any) that would not be eligible for such exceptions. If we distribute our net capital gains in the form of deemed
rather than actual distributions, a non-U.S. stockholder will be entitled to a federal income tax credit or tax refund equal to the stockholder s allocable share of the tax we pay on the capital gains
deemed to have been distributed. In order to obtain the refund, the non-U.S. stockholder must obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number and file a federal income tax return even if the non-U.S. stockholder is not otherwise required to obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number or file a federal income tax return. 
 Gain from the Sale or Redemption of Shares . Gains realized by a non-U.S. stockholder upon the sale of Shares
generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax. Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Under the dividend reinvestment plan that we
intend to adopt, if a non-U.S. stockholder owns shares of common stock registered in its own name, the non-U.S. stockholder will have all cash distributions
automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock if it opts in to our dividend reinvestment plan by delivering a written notice to the Adviser or our dividend paying agent, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of the dividend
reinvestment plan. If the distribution is a distribution of our investment company taxable income, and is not reported by us as a short-term capital gains dividend or interest-related dividend, the amount distributed (to the extent of our current or
accumulated earnings and profits) will be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a 30 rate (or lower rate provided by an applicable treaty) as discussed above and only the net after-tax amount will be
reinvested in common shares. The non-U.S. stockholder will have an adjusted basis in the additional common shares purchased through the plan equal to the amount reinvested. The additional shares will have a
new holding period commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the non-U.S. stockholder s account. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Backup Withholding. A non-U.S. stockholder who is a nonresident
alien individual, and who is otherwise subject to withholding of federal income tax, will be subject to information reporting, but may not be subject to backup withholding of federal income tax on taxable dividends or distributions if the non-U.S. stockholder provides us or the dividend paying agent with an IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form
 W-8BEN-E (or an acceptable substitute form). Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld from payments made to a
 non-U.S. stockholder may be refunded or credited against such stockholder s U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
 Foreign Account Tax Compliance The
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, generally imposes a 30 withholding tax on payments of certain types of income to foreign financial institutions that fail to enter into an agreement with the U.S. Treasury to report certain required
information with respect to accounts held by U.S. persons (or held by foreign entities that have U.S. persons as substantial owners). The types of income subject to the tax include U.S. source interest and dividends and, after December 31,
2018, the gross proceeds from the sale of any property that could produce U.S. source interest or dividends. The information required to be reported includes the identity and taxpayer identification number of each account holder that is a U.S.
person and transaction activity within the holder s account. In addition, subject to certain exceptions, this legislation also imposes a 30 withholding on payments to foreign entities that are not financial institutions unless the foreign
entity certifies that it does not have a greater than 10 U.S. owner or provides the withholding agent with identifying information on each greater than 10 U.S. owner. Depending on the status of a non-U.S. 
stockholder and the status of the intermediaries through which they hold their shares, non-U.S. stockholders could be subject to this 30 withholding tax with respect to distributions on their shares and
proceeds from the sale of their shares. Under certain circumstances, a non-U.S. stockholder might be eligible for refunds or credits of such taxes. U.S. stockholders that hold their shares through foreign
intermediaries could also be subject to this 30 withholding tax with respect to distributions on their shares and proceeds from the sale of their shares. 
 Each prospective investor is urged to consult its tax adviser regarding the applicability of FATCA and any other reporting requirements with
respect to the prospective investor s own situation, including investments through an intermediary. Tax Consequences of Possible Spin-Off or Liquidating Share Class In the event exemptive relief for the Spin-off or Liquidating Share Class is granted by the SEC, we will determine the tax consequences of such transaction to our Liquidating Investors and the Fund at that time and such tax consequences will be
disclosed in a subsequent disclosure. In the event we offer our stockholders the option to elect to either (i) retain their
ownership of our Shares or (ii) exchange their Shares for shares of common stock in the New BDC, we will determine the tax consequences of such transaction to our stockholders and the Fund at that time and such tax consequences will be
disclosed in a subsequent disclosure describing such options. The tax consequences of any such transaction will depend on, among other things, the manner in which the transaction is effectuated, our status as a RIC, and the tax laws in effect at
that time of transaction. Based on current law, we do not expect that an exchange of Shares for shares of common stock in the New BDC
will be eligible to be treated as a tax-free spin-off transaction. We do expect, however, that stockholders that elect to retain their ownership of our Shares will not
recognize any gain or loss as result of any potential spin-off transaction. We do not expect the
exchange of Shares, in whole or in part, for Liquidation Shares to be a taxable exchange. For further discussion of the exemptive relief
for which we intend to apply, including the possibility of not receiving such relief, see Business - Description of Business The Private Offering and Liquidity Options. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation as a Business Development Company 
 General A BDC is regulated by the
1940 Act. A BDC must be organized in the United States for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private companies and making significant managerial assistance available to them. A BDC may use capital provided by private or public
stockholders and from other sources to make long-term, private investments in businesses. We may not change the nature of our business so
as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940
Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the
outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. As with other
companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our directors must be persons who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. Additionally, we are required
to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful
misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. As a
BDC, we are generally required to meet an asset coverage ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as the ratio of our gross assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities) to our outstanding senior securities, of at
least 200 after each issuance of senior securities. We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our Independent Directors and, in some cases,
prior approval by the SEC. We are generally not able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. See
 Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to raise additional capital and the way in which we do so. As a BDC, the necessity of raising
additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage . We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net
asset value of our common stock if our Board determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In addition, we may generally issue new shares of our common stock at
a price below net asset value in rights offerings to existing stockholders, in payment of dividends and in certain other limited circumstances. 
 As a BDC, we are generally limited in our ability to invest in any portfolio company of a fund which the Adviser manages or in which our
affiliates currently is investing, or to make any co-investments with the Adviser or such of its affiliates without an exemptive order from the SEC, subject to certain exceptions. 
 We are subject to periodic examination by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 As a BDC, we are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and
Structure . Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred
to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s gross assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 

(1) 
 Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which
issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such
rules as may be 
 25 

Table of Contents 

prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

(a) 
 is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

(b) 
 is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and

(c) 
 satisfies any of the following: 

(i) 
 does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 

(ii) 
 has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than
 250 million; 

(iii) 
 is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 

(iv) 
 is a small and solvent company having gross assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million. 

(2) 
 Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 

(3) 
 Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and
subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements.

(4) 
 Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in 1 through 4 above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(5) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 If at any time less than 70 of our gross assets are comprised of qualifying assets, including as a result of an increase in the value of any non-qualifying assets or decrease in the value of any qualifying assets, we would generally not be permitted to acquire any additional non-qualifying assets, other than office
furniture and equipment, interests in real estate and leasehold improvements and facilities maintained to conduct the business operations of the BDC, deferred organization and operating expenses, and other
 non-investment assets necessary and appropriate to its operations as a BDC, until such time as 70 of our then current gross assets were comprised of qualifying assets. We would not be required, however, to
dispose of any non-qualifying assets in such circumstances. Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies
 In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for
the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described above in Qualifying Assets categories 1, 2 or 3. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control
the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above in Qualifying Assets category 1.c.iv.) significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC
purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any
arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a
portfolio company. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents,
U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. While it is unlikely, we
may also invest in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a
specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage
restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the diversification tests in
order to qualify as a RIC for federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. The Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which
we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. Senior Securities 
 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if
our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 200 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or
the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our gross assets for temporary or emergency purposes
without regard to asset coverage. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure We may borrow money, which would magnify the potential for gain or
loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. Code of Ethics 
 We and the Adviser each have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and
Rule 204A-1 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions by our
personnel. Our codes of ethics generally do not permit investments by our employees in securities that may be purchased or held by us. Compliance
Policies and Procedures We and the Adviser have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to
detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws and are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and designate a chief compliance officer to be
responsible for administering the policies and procedures. Mark Manley currently serves as our Chief Compliance Officer. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly held companies
and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 

pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our
periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our management must prepare
an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; and 
 27 

Table of Contents 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were
significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to
determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to
ensure that we are in compliance therewith. Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We will generally not own publicly traded equity securities and will primarily invest in securities that do not have voting rights. To the
extent that we invest in securities that do have voting rights, we have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to the Adviser. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of the Adviser are set forth below. The guidelines will be reviewed
periodically by the Adviser and our non-interested directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. For purposes of the Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures described below, we, our 
and us refers to the Adviser. An investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in
the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, we recognize that we must vote client securities in a timely manner, free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of our clients. 
 These policies and procedures for voting proxies for our investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule
 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. Proxy Policies 
 We will vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities in what we perceive to be the best interest of our clients stockholders. We
will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by our clients. Although we
will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on our clients portfolio securities, we may vote for such a proposal if there exist compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 Our proxy-voting decisions will be made by the senior officers who are responsible for monitoring each of our clients investments. To
ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, we will require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to our management any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or
she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision-making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted
influence from interested parties. Proxy Voting Records 
 You may obtain information about how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: AllianceBernstein L.P.,
Proxy Voting Investment Governance Team, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105. Privacy Principles 
 Protecting the privacy and confidentiality of investors personal information is a priority. The following sets forth details of our
approach to ensuring the confidentiality of investors information. 

We will never sell investor lists or information about investors to anyone. 

In the normal course of business we collect information about investors from the following sources: (1) account documentation, including applications or other forms (which may include information such as the
investor s name, address, social security number, assets, and income) and (2) information about investors transactions with us (such as account balances and account activity). 
 28 

Table of Contents 

We have strict policies and procedures to safeguard personal information about investors (or former clients) which include (1) restricting access and (2) maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural
safeguards that comply with federal standards for protecting such information. 

To be able to serve investors and to provide financial products efficiently and accurately, it is sometimes necessary to share information with companies that perform administrative services for us or on our behalf.
These companies are required to use this information only for the services for which we hired them, and are not permitted to use or share this information for any other purpose. 
 Reporting Obligations We will
furnish our stockholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. We are required to comply with all periodic
reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the Exchange Act. Stockholders and the public may also read and
copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains such information. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves certain risks relating to our structure and
investment objective. The risks set forth below are not the only risks we face, and we may face other risks that we have not yet identified, which we do not currently deem material or which are not yet predictable. If any of the following risks
occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, our net asset value and the price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Structure We
have no operating history as a BDC. The Fund was formed in February 2015 and has no operating history as a BDC. As a result, we
are subject to many of the business risks and uncertainties associated with recently formed businesses, including the risk that we will not achieve our investment objective and that the value of your investment could decline substantially. As a BDC,
we will be subject to the regulatory requirements of the SEC, in addition to the specific regulatory requirements applicable to BDCs under the 1940 Act and RICs under the Code. From time to time, the Adviser may pursue investment opportunities in
which it has more limited experience. We may also be unable to replicate the historical performance of the members of the Adviser s Investment Committee in prior investment funds. In addition, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue
from our operations to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders. The Adviser has no prior experience managing a BDC or a RIC. 
 Although AB has experience managing RICs, the Adviser has no experience managing a BDC or a RIC. Therefore, the Adviser may not be able to
successfully operate our business or achieve our investment objective. As a result, an investment in shares of our common stock may entail more risk than shares of common stock of a comparable company with a substantial operating history. 
 The 1940 Act and the Code impose numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs and RICs that do not apply to the other types of investment
vehicles. For example, under the 1940 Act, BDCs are required to invest at least 70 of their total assets primarily in securities of qualifying U.S. private or thinly traded companies. Moreover, qualification for RIC tax treatment under Subchapter M
of the Code requires, among other things, satisfaction of source-of-income, diversification and other requirements. The failure to comply with these provisions in a
timely manner could prevent us from qualifying as a BDC or RIC or could force us to pay unexpected taxes and penalties, which could be material. The Adviser s lack of experience in managing a portfolio of assets under such constraints may
hinder its ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and, as a result, achieve our investment objective. Our investment
portfolio will be recorded at fair value, with our Board having final responsibility for overseeing, reviewing and approving, in good faith, its estimate of fair value and, as a result, there will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio
investments. Under the 1940 Act, we will be required to carry our portfolio investments at market value or, if there is no
readily available market value, at fair value as determined by us with our Board having final responsibility for overseeing, reviewing and approving, in good faith, our estimate of fair value. Typically, there will not be a public market for the
securities of the privately held companies in which we will invest. As a result, we will value these securities quarterly at fair value based on input from management, a third-party independent valuation firm and our audit committee and with the
oversight, review and approval of our Board. The determination of fair value and consequently, the amount of unrealized gains and losses
in our portfolio, are to a certain degree, subjective and dependent on a valuation process approved by our Board. Certain factors that may be considered in determining the fair value of our investments include external events, such as private
mergers, sales and acquisitions involving comparable companies. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, they may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be
based on estimates. Our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the 
 30 

Table of Contents 

values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Due to this uncertainty, our fair value determinations may cause our net asset value on a given date to materially
understate or overstate the value that we may ultimately realize on one or more of our investments. As a result, investors purchasing our common stock based on an overstated net asset value would pay a higher price than the value of our investments
might warrant. Conversely, investors selling shares during a period in which the net asset value understates the value of our investments will receive a lower price for their shares than the value of our investments might warrant. 
 We have not identified any specific investments that we will make with the proceeds from the Private Offering, and you will not have the opportunity to
evaluate our investments prior to subscribing to purchase our common stock. As a result, our offering may be considered a blind pool offering. 
 Neither we nor the Adviser has presently identified, made investments in or contracted to make any investments for the Fund. As a result, you
will not be able to evaluate the economic merits, transaction terms or other financial or operational data concerning our investments prior to purchasing shares of our common stock. You must rely on the Adviser and our Board to implement our
investment policies, to evaluate our investment opportunities and to structure the terms of our investments. Because investors are not able to evaluate our investments in advance of purchasing our common stock, the Private Offering may entail more
risk than other types of offerings. This additional risk may hinder your ability to achieve your own personal investment objective related to portfolio diversification, risk-adjusted investment returns and other objectives. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations will depend on our ability to effectively manage and deploy capital. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective will depend on our ability to effectively manage and deploy capital, which will depend, in
turn, on the Adviser s ability to identify, evaluate and monitor, and our ability to finance and invest in, companies that meet our investment criteria. 
 Accomplishing our investment objective on a cost-effective basis will largely be a function of the Adviser s handling of the investment
process, its ability to provide competent, attentive and efficient services and our access to investments offering acceptable terms. In addition to monitoring the performance of our existing investments, the Adviser s investment team may also
be called upon, from time to time, to provide managerial assistance to some of our portfolio companies. These demands on their time may distract them or slow the rate of investment. 
 Even if we are able to grow and build upon our investment portfolio, any failure to manage our growth effectively could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The results of our operations will depend on many factors, including the availability of opportunities for investment, readily accessible short and long-term
funding alternatives in the financial markets and economic conditions. Furthermore, if we cannot successfully operate our business or implement our investment policies and strategies as described herein, it could negatively impact our ability to pay
dividends. We may face increasing competition for investment opportunities. 
 We will compete for investments with providers of capital with similar investment strategies including other BDCs, private equity funds,
finance companies, and banks. Many of our competitors will be substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than us. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to
funding sources that will not be available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we will have. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of
investments, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we will be able to offer. We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. If we are
forced to match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we may not be able to achieve acceptable returns on our investments or may bear substantial risk of capital loss. A significant part of our competitive advantage stems from the fact
that the market for investments in middle market companies is underserved by traditional commercial banks and other financing sources. A significant increase in the number and/or the size of our competitors in this target market could force us to
accept less attractive investment terms. Furthermore, many of our competitors will have greater experience operating under, or will not be subject to, the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act will impose on us as a BDC. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Our business model depends to a significant extent upon strong referral relationships. Any inability of the
Adviser to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 
 We depend upon the Adviser to maintain its relationships with companies, private equity sponsors,
 co-investors, intermediaries and other financial institutions, and we expect to rely to a significant extent upon these relationships to provide us with potential investment opportunities. If the Adviser fails
to maintain such relationships, or to develop new relationships with other sources of investment opportunities, we will not be able to grow our investment portfolio. In addition, individuals with whom the Adviser has relationships are not obligated
to provide us with investment opportunities, and we can offer no assurance that these relationships will generate investment opportunities for us in the future. 
 We will be dependent upon the Adviser s key personnel for our future success. 
 We will depend on the diligence, skill and investment acumen of J. Brent Humphries, our President and the Chairman of our Board, along with
the other investment professionals at the Adviser. Mr. Humphries also serves as the President of the Adviser, and is Chairman of its Investment Committee. Mr. Humphries, together with the other members of the Adviser s senior
management, will evaluate, negotiate, structure, close and monitor our investments. Our future success will depend on the continued service of Mr. Humphries and the other members of the Adviser s senior management. We cannot assure you
that unforeseen business, medical, personal or other circumstances would not lead any such individual to terminate his or her relationship with us. The loss of Mr. Humphries or any of the other members of the Adviser s senior management
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective as well as on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we can offer no assurance that the Adviser will continue indefinitely as the
Adviser. The members of the Adviser s senior management are and may in the future become affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us, and may have conflicts of interest in allocating
their time. We expect that Mr. Humphries will dedicate his time to the activities of the Fund as deemed necessary or appropriate but is, and may be, engaged in other business activities which could divert his time and attention. 
 In addition, while Mr. Humphries has managed funds with strategies similar to ours, he has not managed a BDC and, as a result, there can
be no assurance Mr. Humphries experience will be indicative of future results that will be achieved by us. Our success will depend on
the ability of the Adviser to attract and retain qualified personnel in a competitive environment. Our growth will require that
the Adviser retain and attract new investment and administrative personnel in a competitive market. Its ability to attract and retain personnel with the requisite credentials, experience and skills will depend on several factors including, but not
limited to, its ability to offer competitive wages, benefits and professional growth opportunities. Many of the entities, including investment funds (such as private equity funds and mezzanine funds) and traditional financial services companies,
with which it will compete for experienced personnel will have greater resources than it will have. There are significant potential conflicts of
interest which could impact our investment returns. The Fund will be subject to a number of actual and potential conflicts of
interest involving the Adviser and its affiliates, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Fund and the stockholders investments therein. 
 Prospective stockholders should understand that (i) the relationships among the Fund, the Adviser and its affiliates are complex and
dynamic and (ii) as the Adviser s and the Fund s businesses change over time, the Adviser and their affiliates may be subject, and the Fund may be exposed, to new or additional conflicts of interest. There can be no assurance that
this document addresses or anticipates every possible current or future conflict of 
 32 

Table of Contents 

interest that may arise or that is or may be detrimental to the Fund or the stockholders. Prospective stockholders should consult with their own advisers regarding the possible implications on
their investment in the Fund of the conflicts of interest described in this document. The Adviser will undertake to manage the Fund
diligently in pursuit of its investment objectives. While conflicts of interest are inherent to the relationships among the Adviser and its affiliates, merely because an actual or potential conflict of interest exists does not mean that it will be
acted upon to the detriment of the Fund. When a conflict of interest arises, the Adviser will endeavor to ensure that the conflict is resolved fairly. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates will devote as much of their time to the activities of the Fund as the Adviser and its affiliates deem
necessary and appropriate. The terms of the Advisory Agreement generally do not restrict any of those persons from forming additional investment funds, from entering into other investment advisory relationships, or from engaging in other business
activities, even though such activities may be in competition with the Fund and/or may involve substantial time and resources of the Adviser and its affiliates. For instance, the Adviser has formed and in the future may form additional investment
funds, including BDCs, or managed accounts that invest in financial instruments that are similar to the instruments in which the Fund will invest. 
 Mr. Humphries, our President and Chairman of our Board currently serves as the President of the Adviser, which is responsible for all
investment decisions for the Fund. In addition, our executive officers and directors, including our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer, as well as the current and future members of the Adviser, may serve as officers, directors or
principals of other entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do. Accordingly, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which obligations may not be in the best interests of us or our
stockholders. In the course of our investing activities, we will pay management and incentive fees to the Adviser and reimburse the
Administrator for certain expenses it incurs. As a result, investors in our common stock will invest on a gross basis and receive distributions on a net basis after expenses, resulting in a lower rate of return than an
investor might achieve through direct investments. Accordingly, there may be times when the management team of the Adviser will have interests that differ from those of our stockholders, giving rise to a conflict. 
 We intend to enter into a royalty-free license agreement with AB Private Credit Investors LLC pursuant to which AB Private Credit Investors
LLC has granted us a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use the name AB Private Credit Investors Corporation. Under the license agreement, we have the right to use the AB Private Credit
Investors Corporation name for so long as the Adviser or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. In addition, we will
pay the Administrator expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions. These arrangements will create conflicts
of interest that our Board must monitor. Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted. 
 We are prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with certain of our affiliates without the prior approval of
our independent directors and, in some cases, the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities is our affiliate for purposes of the 1940 Act, and we generally are prohibited from buying or
selling any security from or to such affiliate, absent the prior approval of our independent directors. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain joint transactions with certain of our affiliates, which could include investments in the same
portfolio company (whether at the same or different times), without prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, the SEC. If a person acquires more than 25 of our voting securities, we are prohibited from buying or selling any
security from or to such person or certain of that person s affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC. Similar restrictions limit our ability to transact business with our
officers or directors or their affiliates. We also generally will be unable to co-invest in any
issuer in which the Adviser and its affiliates or a fund managed by the Adviser or its affiliates is investing. The decision by the Adviser to allocate an opportunity to another entity could cause us to forgo an investment opportunity that we
otherwise would have made. These restrictions may limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 On October 11, 2016, the SEC granted us relief sought in an exemptive application that
expands our ability to co-invest in portfolio companies with certain of our affiliates managed by the Adviser Affiliated Funds in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions,
policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, subject to compliance with certain conditions (the Order ). Pursuant to the Order, we are permitted to
 co-invest with Affiliated Funds if, among other things, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection
with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transactions, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve
overreaching in respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies. We intend to co-invest with Affiliated Funds, subject to the conditions included in the Order. The compensation we will pay to
the Adviser was not determined on an arm s-length basis. Thus, the terms of such compensation may be less advantageous to us than if such terms had been the subject of
 arm s-length negotiations. The compensation we will pay to the Adviser was not
determined on an arm s-length basis with an unaffiliated third party. As a result, the form and amount of such compensation may be less favorable to us than they might have been had the respective
agreements been entered into through arm s-length transactions with an unaffiliated third party. In addition, we may choose not to enforce, or to enforce less vigorously, our respective rights and
remedies under the Advisory Agreement because of our desire to maintain our ongoing relationship with the Adviser and its respective affiliates. Any such decision, however, could cause us to breach our fiduciary obligations to our stockholders. 
 Even in the event the value of your investment declines, the base management fee and, in certain circumstances, the incentive fee will still be payable
to the Adviser. Even in the event the value of your investment declines, the base management fee and, in certain circumstances,
the incentive fee will still be payable to the Adviser. The base management fee is calculated as a percentage of the value of our gross assets at a specific time, which would include any borrowings for investment purposes, and may give the Adviser
an incentive to use leverage to make additional investments. In addition, the base management fee is payable regardless of whether the value of our gross assets or your investment have decreased. The use of increased leverage may increase the
likelihood of default, which would disfavor holders of our common stock, including investors in our common stock. Given the subjective nature of the investment decisions that the Adviser will make on our behalf, we may not be able to monitor this
potential conflict of interest. The incentive fee is calculated as a percentage of pre-incentive 
fee net investment income. Since pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation, it is possible
that we may pay an incentive fee in a quarter in which we incur a loss. For example, if we receive pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the quarterly minimum hurdle rate, we will pay the
applicable incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. In addition, because the quarterly minimum hurdle rate is calculated based on our net assets, decreases in our net assets due to
realized or unrealized capital losses in any given quarter may increase the likelihood that the hurdle rate is reached in that quarter and, as a result, that an incentive fee is paid for that quarter. Our net investment income used to calculate this
component of the incentive fee is also included in the amount of our gross assets used to calculate the base management fee. Also, one
component of the incentive fee is calculated annually based upon our realized capital gains, computed net of realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis. As a result, we may owe the Adviser an incentive fee
during one year as a result of realized capital gains on certain investments, and then incur significant realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on the remaining investments in our portfolio during subsequent years. Incentive
fees earned in prior years cannot be clawed back even if we later incur losses. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Our incentive fee may induce the Adviser to pursue speculative investments and to use leverage when it may
be unwise to do so. The incentive fee payable by us to the Adviser may create an incentive for the Adviser to pursue investments
on our behalf that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation arrangement. The incentive fee payable to the Adviser will be calculated based on a percentage of our return on invested capital. This may
encourage the Adviser to use leverage to increase the return on our investments. Under certain circumstances, the use of leverage may increase the likelihood of default, which would impair the value of our common stock. In addition, the Adviser will
receive the incentive fee based, in part, upon net capital gains realized on our investments. As a result, in certain situations the Adviser may have a tendency to invest more capital in investments that are likely to result in capital gains as
compared to income producing securities. Such a practice could result in our investing in more speculative securities than would otherwise be the case, which could result in higher investment losses, particularly during economic downturns. 
 A general increase in interest rates will likely have the effect of making it easier for the Adviser to receive incentive fees, without necessarily
resulting in an increase in our net earnings. Given the structure of our Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, any general
increase in interest rates will likely have the effect of making it easier for the Adviser to meet the quarterly hurdle rate for payment of income incentive fees under the Advisory Agreement without any additional increase in relative performance on
the part of the Adviser. In addition, in view of the catch-up provision applicable to income incentive fees under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser could potentially receive a significant portion of the
increase in our investment income attributable to such a general increase in interest rates. If that were to occur, our increase in net earnings, if any, would likely be significantly smaller than the relative increase in the Adviser s income
incentive fee resulting from such a general increase in interest rates. The Adviser and the Administrator will have the right to resign on 60
days notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement for either within that time, or at all, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations.
 The Adviser will have the right, under the Advisory Agreement, to resign at any time upon 60 days written notice,
regardless of whether we have found a replacement. Similarly, we anticipate that the Administrator will have the right under the Administration Agreement to resign at any time upon 60 days written notice, regardless of whether we have found a
replacement. If the Adviser or the Administrator were to resign, we may not be able to find a new investment adviser or administrator or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on
acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption and our financial condition, business and results of operations, as well as our ability to pay distributions, are
likely to be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and investment or administrative activities, as applicable, are likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a
single institution or group of executives having the expertise possessed by the Adviser, the Administrator and their respective affiliates. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, the integration of such
management and their lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result in additional costs and time delays that may adversely affect our financial condition, business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The Adviser s liability is limited under the Advisory Agreement and we have agreed to indemnify the Adviser against certain liabilities, which may
lead the Adviser to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. Under the Advisory
Agreement, the Adviser has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services called for under that agreement. It is not responsible for any action of our Board in following or declining to follow the Adviser s advice or
recommendations. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser and its professionals and any person controlling or controlled by the Adviser are not liable to us, any subsidiary of ours, our directors, our stockholders or any subsidiary s
stockholders or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, except those resulting from acts constituting gross 
 35 

Table of Contents 

negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of the duties that the Adviser owes to us under the Advisory Agreement. In addition, as part of the Advisory Agreement, we have
agreed to indemnify the Adviser and its professionals from and against any claims or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, arising out of or in connection with our business and operations or any action
taken or omitted on our behalf pursuant to authority granted by the Advisory Agreement, except where attributable to gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of such person s duties under the Advisory Agreement.
 The Adviser may not be able to achieve the same or similar returns as those achieved by Mr. Humphries and the other members of the
Adviser s core investment team while they were employed at prior positions. Although in the past Mr. Humphries and the
other members of the Adviser s core investment team have held senior positions at a number of investment firms, their achievements are not necessarily indicative of future results that will be achieved by the Adviser. We cannot assure you that
we will be able to achieve the results realized by prior vehicles managed by Mr. Humphries and the other members of the Adviser s core investment team. 
 Investors may default on Capital Calls. 
 Capital Calls (as defined in the subscription agreement) will be issued by the Fund from time to time at the discretion of the Adviser based
upon the Adviser s assessment of the needs and opportunities of the Fund. To satisfy such Capital Calls, investors may need to maintain a substantial portion of their Capital Commitments in assets that can be readily converted to cash. If an
investor fails to pay when due installments of its Capital Commitment to the Fund, and the Capital Commitments made by non-defaulting investors and borrowings by the Fund are inadequate to cover the defaulted
capital commitment, the Fund may be unable to pay its obligations when due. As a result, the Fund may be subjected to significant penalties that could materially adversely affect the returns of the investor (including
 non-defaulting investors). Moreover, the subscription agreement provides for significant adverse consequences in the event an investor defaults on its Capital Commitment or other payment obligations. 
 Any failure on our part to maintain our status as a BDC would reduce our operating flexibility. 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act imposes numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs. For example,
BDCs are required to invest at least 70 of their gross assets in specified types of securities, primarily in private companies or thinly-traded U.S. public companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high quality debt
investments that mature in one year or less. Furthermore, any failure to comply with the requirements imposed on BDCs by the 1940 Act could cause the SEC to bring an enforcement action against us and/or expose us to claims of private litigants. In
addition, upon approval of a majority of our stockholders, we may elect to withdraw our status as a BDC. If we decide to withdraw our election, or if we otherwise fail to qualify, or maintain our qualification, as a BDC, we will be subject to
substantially greater regulation under the 1940 Act as a closed-end investment company. Compliance with such regulations would significantly decrease our operating flexibility, and could significantly increase
our costs of doing business. Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to raise additional capital and the way in which we do
so. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. 
 We may issue debt securities or preferred stock and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively
as senior securities, up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we will be permitted, as a BDC, to issue senior securities in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the
1940 Act, equals at least 200 of gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, after each issuance of senior securities. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that
happens, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. Also, any amounts that we use to service our
indebtedness would not be available for distributions to our common stockholders. Furthermore, as a result of issuing senior securities, we would also be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk of loss. If we
issue preferred stock, the preferred stock would rank senior to common stock in our capital structure, preferred stockholders would have 
 36 

Table of Contents 

separate voting rights on certain matters and might have other rights, preferences, or privileges more favorable than those of our common stockholders, and the issuance of preferred stock could
have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in your best interest. 
 We will not generally be able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common
stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value per share of our common stock if our Board determines that such sale is in the best interests of our stockholders, and our
stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our Board, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any
distributing commission or discount). If we raise additional funds by issuing more common stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, then the percentage ownership of our stockholders at that time will
decrease, and you may experience dilution. We may borrow money, which would magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may
increase the risk of investing in us. The use of leverage magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and,
therefore, increases the risks associated with investing in our securities. We may borrow from and issue senior debt securities to banks, insurance companies and other lenders in the future. Holders of these senior securities will have fixed dollar
claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our common stockholders, and we would expect such lenders to seek recovery against our assets in the event of a default. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause net asset
value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged. Similarly, any decrease in our income would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline could also negatively affect
our ability to make dividend payments on our common stock. Leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique. Our ability to service any debt that we incur will depend largely on our financial performance and will be subject to
prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. In addition, our common stockholders will bear the burden of any increase in our expenses as a result of leverage. 
 As a BDC, we will generally be required to meet an asset coverage ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as the ratio of our gross assets (less all
liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities) to our outstanding senior securities, of at least 200 after each issuance of senior securities. If this ratio declines below 200 , we may not be able to incur additional debt and
could be required by law to sell a portion of our investments to repay some debt when it is disadvantageous to do so, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, and we may not be able to make distributions. The amount of leverage
that we employ will depend on the Adviser s and our Board s assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain credit at all or on terms acceptable to us. 
 In addition, any debt facility into which we may enter would likely impose financial and operating covenants that restrict our business
activities, including limitations that could hinder our ability to finance additional loans and investments or to make the distributions required to maintain our qualification as a RIC. 
 We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results. 
 We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly and annual operating results due to a number of factors, including our ability or inability to
make investments in companies that meet our investment criteria, the interest rate payable on the debt securities we acquire, the level of portfolio dividend and fee income, the level of our expenses, variations in and the timing of the recognition
of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions. As a result of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of
performance in future periods. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Our Board is authorized to reclassify any unissued shares of common stock into one or more classes of
preferred stock, which could convey special rights and privileges to its owners. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law (the
 MGCL and our charter, our Board is authorized to classify and reclassify any authorized but unissued shares of stock into one or more classes of stock, including preferred stock. Prior to the issuance of shares of each class or series,
the Board is required by Maryland law and our charter to set the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption
for each class or series. Thus, the Board could authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a
premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interest. The cost of any such reclassification would be borne by our existing common stockholders. Certain matters under the 1940 Act require the separate vote of the
holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock. For example, holders of preferred stock would vote separately from the holders of common stock on a proposal to cease operations as a BDC. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that holders of
preferred stock are entitled to vote separately from holders of common stock to elect two preferred stock directors. We currently have no plans to issue preferred stock, but may determine to do so in the future. The issuance of preferred stock
convertible into shares of common stock might also reduce the net income per share and net asset value per share of our common stock upon conversion, provided, that we will only be permitted to issue such convertible preferred stock to the extent we
comply with the requirements of Section 61 of the 1940 Act, including obtaining common stockholder approval. These effects, among others, could have an adverse effect on an investment in our common stock. 
 Our Board may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval, the effects of which may
be adverse. Our Board will have the authority to modify or waive our investment objective, current operating policies, investment
criteria and strategies without prior notice (except as required by the 1940 Act) and without stockholder approval. However, absent stockholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as,
a BDC. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies, investment criteria and strategies would have on our business, net asset value, operating results and value of our stock. However, the effects might be adverse, which
could negatively impact our ability to pay you dividends and cause you to lose all or part of your investment. We will be subject to
corporate-level U.S. federal income tax if we are unable to qualify as a RIC. Although we intend to elect to be treated as a RIC
as soon as practicable, no assurance can be given that we will be able to qualify for and maintain our qualification as a RIC. To obtain and maintain our qualification as a RIC, we must meet the following source-of-income, asset diversification, and distribution requirements. The income source
requirement will be satisfied if we obtain at least 90 of our gross income for each year from dividends, interest, foreign currency, payments with respect to loans of certain securities, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, net income
from certain qualified publicly traded partnerships, or similar sources. The asset diversification requirement will be
satisfied if we meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each quarter of our taxable year. Failure to meet those requirements may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of our
qualification as a RIC. Because most of our investments will be in private companies, and therefore will be relatively illiquid, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. We may have
difficulty satisfying the diversification requirement during our ramp-up phase until we have a portfolio of investments. We may also have difficulty satisfying the diversification requirements if we determine
to wind up and liquidate our assets. We may be prevented from making follow-on investments in our portfolio companies in order to satisfy the diversification requirements. 
 The annual distribution requirement will be satisfied if we distribute to our stockholders on an annual basis at least 90 of our net ordinary
income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any. Because we may use debt financing, we are subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and financial covenants
under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the distribution requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, we could fail to qualify as a RIC.
If we fail to qualify as a RIC for any reason and therefore become subject to corporate income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our
distributions. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 There are risks related to investment by ERISA Plans. 
 We intend to operate so that we will be an appropriate investment for employee benefit plans subject to ERISA. We will use reasonable efforts
to conduct the Fund s affairs so that the assets of the Fund will not be deemed to be plan assets under the plan asset regulations promulgated by the Department of Labor, as amended by ERISA. The fiduciary of each prospective plan
investor must independently determine that the Fund is an appropriate investment for such plan, taking into account the fiduciary s obligations under ERISA and the facts and circumstances of each investing plan. 
 We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will include in our taxable income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as
original issue discount, which may arise if we receive warrants in connection with the origination of a loan or possibly in other circumstances, or contractual PIK interest, which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at
the end of the loan term. Such original issue discount or increases in loan balances as a result of contractual PIK arrangements will be included in our taxable income before we receive any corresponding cash payments. We also may be required to
include in our taxable income certain other amounts that we will not receive in cash. Since, in certain cases, we may recognize taxable
income before or without receiving corresponding cash payments, we may have difficulty meeting the annual distribution requirement necessary to maintain our qualification as a RIC. Accordingly, to satisfy our RIC distribution requirements, we may
have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or forgo new investment opportunities. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to
qualify as a RIC and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. For additional discussion regarding the tax implications of our election to be taxed as a RIC, please see Business - Description of Business Material U.S.
Federal Income Tax Considerations. We may in the future choose to pay dividends in our own stock, in which case you may be required to
pay tax in excess of the cash you receive. We may distribute dividends that are payable predominantly in shares of our common
stock. Under certain private rulings issued by the Internal Revenue Service distributions payable to stockholders in cash or stock at the election of stockholders is treated as a taxable dividend even if the total amount of the distribution payable
in cash is limited provided that at least 20 of the distribution is payable in cash. Taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain to the
extent such distribution is properly reported as a capital gain dividend) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect
to such dividends in excess of any cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on
the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. federal tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect
of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our stock
if we are publicly traded. There is a risk that our stockholders may not receive any distributions. 
 We intend to make distributions on a quarterly basis to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. We cannot assure
you that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions. In addition, due to the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions. See
 Business - Description of Business Regulation as a Business Development Company. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 For any period that we do not qualify as a publicly offered regulated investment company, as
defined in the Code, stockholders will be taxed as though they received a distribution of some of our expenses. A publicly
offered regulated investment company is a RIC whose shares are either (i) continuously offered pursuant to a public offering, (ii) regularly traded on an established securities market or (iii) held by at least 500 persons at all
times during the taxable year. We anticipate that we may, but cannot be certain that we will qualify as a publicly offered RIC for the taxable year in which the Private Offering occurs. We may qualify as a publicly offered RIC for future taxable
years. If we are not a publicly offered RIC for any period, a non-corporate stockholder s allocable portion of our affected expenses, including our management fees, will be treated as an additional
distribution to the stockholder and will be deductible by such stockholder only to the extent permitted under the limitations described below. For non-corporate stockholders, including individuals, trusts and
estates, significant limitations generally apply to the deductibility of certain expenses of a non-publicly offered RIC, including advisory fees. In particular, these expenses, referred to as miscellaneous
itemized deductions, are deductible to an individual only to the extent they exceed 2 of such a stockholder s adjusted gross income, and are not deductible for alternative minimum tax purposes. 
 We are subject to risks in using custodians, administrators and other agents. 
 We will depend on the services of custodians, administrators and other agents to carry out certain securities transactions and administrative
services for us. In the event of the insolvency of a custodian, we may not be able to recover equivalent assets in full as we will rank among the custodian s unsecured creditors in relation to assets which the custodian borrows, lends or
otherwise uses. In addition, our cash held with a custodian may not be segregated from the custodian s own cash, and we therefore may rank as unsecured creditors in relation thereto. The inability to recover assets from the custodian could have
a material impact on our performance. We will expend significant financial and other resources to comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act
and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These requirements may place a strain on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, which are discussed below. See Business - Description of Business Regulation as a Business Development Company
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . To maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls, significant resources and management oversight will be required. We will implement additional
procedures, processes, policies and practices for the purpose of addressing the standards and requirements applicable to public companies. These activities may divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We expect to incur significant additional annual expenses related to these steps and, among other things, directors and officers 
liability insurance, director fees, reporting requirements of the SEC, transfer agent fees, additional administrative expenses payable to the Administrator to compensate them for hiring additional accounting, legal and administrative personnel,
increased auditing and legal fees and similar expenses. The systems and resources necessary to comply with public company reporting
requirements will increase further once we cease to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. As long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 and exemptions from the
requirement to hold advisory votes on executive compensation. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following an IPO, although if the market value of our common stock that is held by
 non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 We do not currently have comprehensive documentation of our internal controls and have not yet tested our
internal controls in accordance with Section 404, and failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our
business. We have not previously been required to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including the internal
control evaluation and certification requirements of Section 404, and we will not be required to comply with all of those requirements until we have been subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for a specified period of time.
Accordingly, our internal controls over financial reporting do not currently meet all of the standards contemplated by Section 404 that we will eventually be required to meet. We are in the process of addressing our internal controls over
financial reporting and are establishing formal procedures, policies, processes and practices related to financial reporting and to the identification of key financial reporting risks, assessment of their potential impact and linkage of those risks
to specific areas and activities within our organization. Additionally, we intend to document our internal control procedures to satisfy
the requirements of Section 404, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm is not currently required to formally attest
to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Because we do not currently have comprehensive documentation of our internal controls and have not yet tested our internal controls in accordance with Section 404, we cannot
conclude in accordance with Section 404 that we do not have a material weakness in our internal controls or a combination of significant deficiencies that could result in the conclusion that we have a material weakness in our internal controls.
We will be required to complete our initial assessment in a timely manner. If we are not able to implement the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, our operations, financial reporting or financial results
could be adversely affected. Matters impacting our internal controls may cause us to be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis and thereby subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions by the SEC or
violations of applicable stock exchange listing rules, and result in a breach of the covenants under the agreements governing any of our financing arrangements. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of
investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements. Confidence in the reliability of our financial statements could also suffer if we or our independent registered public accounting firm were to report a material weakness in
our internal controls over financial reporting. This could materially adversely affect us and lead to a decline in the market price of our common stock, to the extent we have completed a Qualified IPO. 
 Stockholders may be subject to filing requirements under the Exchange Act as a result of an investment in us. 
 Because our common stock will be registered under the Exchange Act, ownership information for any person who beneficially owns 5 or more of
our common stock will have to be disclosed in a Schedule 13D or other filings with the SEC. Beneficial ownership for these purposes is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and includes having voting or investment power over the
securities. In some circumstances, stockholders who choose to reinvest their dividends may see their percentage stake in us increased to more than 5 , thus triggering this filing requirement. Although we will provide in our quarterly statements the
amount of outstanding stock and the amount of the investor s stock, the responsibility for determining the filing obligation and preparing the filing remains with the investor. In addition, owners of 10 or more of our common stock are subject
to reporting obligations under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Stockholders may be subject to the short-swing profits rules under the Exchange
Act as a result of an investment in us. Persons with the right to appoint a director or who hold more than 10 of a class of our
shares may be subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, which recaptures for the benefit of the issuer profits from the purchase and sale of registered stock within a six-month period. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 There may be state licensing requirements. 
 We may be required to obtain various state licenses in order to, among other things, originate commercial loans. Applying for and obtaining
required licenses can be costly and take several months. There is no assurance that we will obtain all of the licenses that we need on a timely basis. Furthermore, we will be subject to various information and other requirements in order to obtain
and maintain these licenses, and there is no assurance that we will satisfy those requirements. Our failure to obtain or maintain licenses might restrict investment options and have other adverse consequences. 
 Investors in the Private Offering will be subject to transfer restrictions. 
 Prior to the completion of a Qualified IPO, and other than in connection with a New BDC Spin-Off, 
creation of a Liquidating Share Class, a Limited Tender Offer, or pursuant to a share repurchase program of the Fund, investors who participate in the Private Offering may not sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of (in each case, a
 Transfer any common stock unless (i) we give consent and (ii) the Transfer is made in accordance with applicable securities laws. No Transfer will be effectuated except by registration of the Transfer on our books. Each
transferee must agree to be bound by these restrictions and all other obligations as an investor in us. Following completion of a Qualified IPO, stockholders will be restricted from selling or disposing of their shares of common stock contractually
by a lock-up agreement with the underwriters of the IPO and secondary offerings, and by the terms of the subscription agreement. 
 The proposals to establish a Liquidating Share Class, New BDC or a Limited Tender Offer (together, the Proposals would involve
transactions that are currently prohibited by the 1940 Act and would require an SEC order in order to be put in place. The SEC has not previously granted orders with respect to a Liquidating Share Class or a New BDC, and it could take several
years before the SEC determines whether relief is appropriate and it may ultimately deny the requests for any or all of the Proposals. If the SEC were to deny any of the requests for the exemptive relief required to effectuate the Proposals, the
Board would need to consider other ways to permit shareholders to liquidate their investments. If you expect to need access to your investment in the near future, you should not invest in the Fund. 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business. 
 Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur that may adversely affect us. For example, from time to time the market for private equity
transactions has been (and is currently being) adversely affected by a decrease in the availability of senior and subordinated financings for transactions, in part in response to credit market disruptions and/or regulatory pressures on providers of
financing to reduce or eliminate their exposure to the risks involved in such transactions. In addition, as private equity firms become
more influential participants in the U.S. and global financial markets and economy generally, there recently has been pressure for greater governmental scrutiny and/or regulation of the private equity industry, in part. It is uncertain as to what
form and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation, if any, on the private equity industry may ultimately take. Therefore, there can be no assurance as to whether any such scrutiny or initiatives will have an adverse impact on
the private equity industry, including our ability to effect operating improvements or restructurings of its portfolio companies or otherwise achieve its objectives. 
 On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), was signed into law.
Many of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act have extended implementation periods and delayed effective dates and will require extensive rulemaking by regulatory authorities. While the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on us and our portfolio companies
may not be known for an extended period of time, the Dodd-Frank Act, including future rules implementing its provisions and the interpretation of those rules, along with other legislative and regulatory proposals directed at the financial services
industry and the financial markets (including derivative markets) or affecting taxation that are proposed or pending in the U.S. Congress, may negatively impact the operations, cash flows or financial condition of us or our portfolio companies,
impose additional costs on us or our portfolio companies, restrict or further regulate certain of our activities, including derivative trading and hedging activities, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or our portfolio companies or otherwise
adversely affect our business or the business of our portfolio companies. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we and our portfolio companies will be subject to applicable local, state and U.S.
federal laws and regulations, including, without limitation, U.S. federal immigration laws and regulations. New legislation may be enacted or new interpretations, rulings or regulations could be adopted, including those governing the types of
investments we are permitted to make, any of which could harm us and our stockholders, potentially with retroactive effect. Additionally, any changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations relating to permitted investments may cause us
to alter our investment strategy in order to avail ourselves of new or different opportunities. Such changes could result in material differences to the strategies and plans set forth herein and may result in our investment focus shifting from the
areas of expertise of the Adviser s investment team to other types of investments in which the investment team may have less expertise or little or no experience. Thus, any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations and the value of your investment. As a result of the 2016 U.S. election, the Republican Party currently
controls both the executive and legislative branches of government, which increases the likelihood that legislation may be adopted that could significantly affect the regulation of U.S. financial markets. Areas subject to potential change, amendment
or repeal include the Dodd-Frank Act and the authority of the Federal Reserve and the Financial Stability Oversight Council. The United States may also potentially withdraw from or renegotiate various trade agreements and take other actions that
would change current trade policies of the United States. We cannot predict which, if any, of these actions will be taken or, if taken, their effect on the financial stability of the United States. Such actions could have a significant adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot predict the effects of these or similar events in the future on the U.S. economy and securities markets or on our investments. We monitor developments and seek to
manage our investments in a manner consistent with achieving our investment objective, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. 
 A disruption in the capital markets and the credit markets could impair our ability to borrow money and negatively affect our business. 
 As a BDC, we will have to maintain our ability to borrow money for investment purposes. Without sufficient access to the capital markets or
credit markets, we may be forced to curtail our business operations or we may not be able to pursue new business opportunities. Capital markets and credit markets sometimes experience extreme volatility and disruption and, accordingly, there has
been and may continue to be uncertainty in the financial markets in general. Any further disruptive conditions in the financial industry and the impact of new legislation in response to those conditions could restrict our business operations and
could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. If the fair value of our assets declines substantially, we may
fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios imposed upon us by the 1940 Act. Any such failure would affect our ability to issue senior securities, including borrowings, and pay dividends, which could materially impair our business operations. Our
liquidity could be impaired further by an inability to access the capital markets or to consummate new borrowing facilities to provide capital for normal operations, including new originations. In recent years, reflecting concern about the stability
of the financial markets, many lenders and institutional investors have reduced or ceased providing funding to borrowers. If we are
unable to secure debt financing on commercially reasonable terms, our liquidity will be reduced significantly. If we are unable to repay amounts outstanding under any debt facilities we may obtain and are declared in default or are unable to renew
or refinance these facilities, we would not be able to initiate significant originations or to operate our business in the normal course. These situations may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as inaccessibility to
the credit markets, a severe decline in the value of the U.S. dollar, another economic downturn or an operational problem that affects third parties or us, and could materially damage our business. 
 Significant developments stemming from the United Kingdom s referendum on membership in the European Union could have a material adverse effect on
us. On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom held a referendum in which a majority of voters voted in favor of leaving the
European Union Brexit ), and, accordingly, the U.K. Parliament voted in favor of allowing the U.K. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

government to begin the formal process of Brexit on February 1, 2017. Brexit has created political and economic uncertainty, particularly in the United Kingdom and the European Union, and
this uncertainty may last for years. Negotiations are expected to commence to determine the future terms of the United Kingdom s relationship with the European Union. Events that could occur in the future as a consequence of the United
Kingdom s withdrawal, including the possible breakup of the United Kingdom, may continue to cause significant volatility in global financial markets, including in global currency and credit markets. This volatility could cause a slowdown in
economic activity in the United Kingdom, Europe or globally, which could adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. Any of these effects of Brexit, and others we cannot anticipate, could have unpredictable consequences for credit
markets and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial performance. Terrorist attacks, acts of war or natural disasters may
affect any market for our common stock, impact the businesses in which we invest and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Terrorist acts, acts of war or natural disasters may disrupt our operations, as well as the operations of the businesses in which we invest.
Such acts have created, and continue to create, economic and political uncertainties and have contributed to global economic instability. Future terrorist activities, military or security operations, or natural disasters could further weaken the
domestic/global economies and create additional uncertainties, which may negatively impact the businesses in which we invest directly or indirectly and, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial
condition. Losses from terrorist attacks and natural disasters are generally uninsurable. The failure in cyber security systems, as well as the
occurrence of events unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems and management continuity planning could impair our ability to conduct business effectively. 
 The occurrence of a disaster such as a cyber-attack, a natural catastrophe, an industrial accident, a terrorist attack or war, events
unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems, or a support failure from external providers, could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business and on our results of operations and financial condition, particularly if those events
affect our computer-based data processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval systems or destroy data. If a significant number of our managers were unavailable in the event of a disaster, our ability to effectively conduct our business could be
severely compromised. Our business relies on secure information technology systems. We depend heavily upon computer systems to perform
necessary business functions. These systems are subject to potential attacks, including through adverse events that threaten the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources (i.e. cyber-attacks). Despite our implementation
of a variety of security measures, our computer systems could be subject to cyber-attacks and unauthorized access, such as physical and electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering. Like other companies, we
may experience threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, system failures and disruptions. If one or more of these events occurs, it could potentially jeopardize the confidential, proprietary
and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems, both those provided by our investment adviser and third-party service providers, and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our
operations, which could result in damage to our reputation, financial losses, litigation, increased costs, regulatory penalties and/or customer dissatisfaction or loss. 
 We can be highly dependent on information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect
the market price of our common stock and our ability to pay distributions. Our business is highly dependent on our and third
parties communications and information systems. Any failure or interruption of those systems, including as a result of the termination of an agreement with any third-party service providers, could cause delays or other problems in our
activities. Our financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially
beyond our control and adversely affect our business. There could be: 

sudden electrical or telecommunications outages; 

natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes; 
 44 

Table of Contents 

disease pandemics; 

events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and 

cyber-attacks. These events, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results and negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Risks Related to Our
Investments Our investments are very risky and highly speculative. 
 We intend to invest primarily in primary issue, directly-sourced and privately-negotiated secured debt issued by North American-based middle
market firms. We will emphasize secured lending by focusing on first lien, stretch senior, uni-tranche and second lien loans, and will also consider mezzanine, structured preferred stock and non-control equity opportunities. Securities rated below investment grade are often referred to as high yield securities or junk bonds, and are considered high risk or speculative
in nature compared to debt instruments that are rated above investment grade. Senior Secured Loans. There is a risk that the collateral securing
our loans may decrease in value over time, may be difficult to sell in a timely manner, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value based upon the success of the business and market conditions, including as a result of the inability of
the portfolio company to raise additional capital. In some circumstances, our liens on the collateral securing our loans could be subordinated to claims of other creditors. In addition, deterioration in a portfolio company s financial condition
and prospects, including its inability to raise additional capital, may be accompanied by deterioration in the value of the collateral for the loan. Consequently, the fact that a loan is secured does not guarantee that we will receive principal and
interest payments according to the loan s terms, or at all, or that we will be able to collect on the loan should we be compelled to enforce our remedies. 
 Second Lien Secured Loans. In structuring our loans, we may subordinate our security interest in certain assets of a borrower to another lender,
usually a bank. In these situations, all of the risks identified above in Senior Secured Loans would be true and additional risks inherent in holding a junior security position would also be present, including, but not limited to those outlined
below in Second priority liens on collateral securing loans that we make to our portfolio companies may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens. If there is a default, the value of the collateral may not be
sufficient to repay in full both the first priority creditors and us . Equity Investments. When we invest in secured loans, we may
acquire equity securities, such as warrants, as well. In addition, we may invest directly in the equity securities of portfolio companies. The equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and may in fact decline in value. Accordingly, we
may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. 
 In addition, investing in our portfolio companies involves a number of significant risks, including the following: 

these companies may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities that we hold. This failure to meet obligations may be accompanied by a deterioration in the
value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of us realizing any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with our investment; 

they typically have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions, market conditions, and
general economic downturns; 

they are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the
death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us; 
 45 

Table of Contents 

they generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, and may
require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion, or maintain their competitive position. In addition, our executive officers, directors and the Adviser may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as
defendants in litigation arising from our investments in the portfolio companies; and 

they may have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs, which may limit their ability to grow or to repay their outstanding debt upon maturity. 
 An investment strategy focused primarily on privately held companies presents certain challenges, including the lack of available information about
these companies and a greater vulnerability to economic downturns. We will invest primarily in privately held companies.
Generally, little public information exists about these companies, and we are required to rely on the ability of the Adviser s investment team to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies.
If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and we may lose money on our investments. Also, privately held companies frequently have less diverse product lines and
smaller market presence than larger competitors. These factors could adversely affect our investment returns as compared to companies investing primarily in the securities of public companies. 
 Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 
 We intend to invest primarily in first lien, stretch senior, unitranche and second lien loans issued by private companies. Our portfolio
companies may have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or in some cases senior to, the debt in which we invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may entitle the holders to receive payment of interest or principal
on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments with respect to the debt instruments in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of
debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution. After repaying such senior creditors, such portfolio company may not have any
remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally with debt instruments in which we invest, we would have to share on an equal or pro rata basis any distributions with other creditors holding such debt in
the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. There may be circumstances
in which our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims. 
 Even though we expect to structure most of our investments as secured loans, if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, depending
on the facts and circumstances, and based upon principles of equitable subordination as defined by existing case law, a bankruptcy court could subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors and transfer any lien securing such
subordinated claim to the bankruptcy estate. The principles of equitable subordination defined by case law have generally indicated that a claim may be subordinated only if its holder is guilty of misconduct or where the senior loan is re-characterized as an equity investment and the senior lender has actually provided significant managerial assistance to the bankrupt debtor. We may also be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by
us with respect to a borrower s business or instances where we exercise control over the borrower. It is possible that we could become subject to a lender s liability claim, including as a result of actions taken in rendering significant
managerial assistance or actions to compel and collect payments from the borrower outside the ordinary course of business. Second priority liens on
collateral securing loans that we make to our portfolio companies may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens. If there is a default, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to repay in full both the first
priority creditors and us. Certain loans that we intend to make are secured by a second priority security interest in the same
collateral pledged by a portfolio company to secure senior debt owed by the portfolio company to commercial banks or other 
 46 

Table of Contents 

traditional lenders. Often the senior lender has procured covenants from the portfolio company prohibiting the incurrence of additional secured debt without the senior lender s consent.
Prior to and as a condition of permitting the portfolio company to borrow money from us secured by the same collateral pledged to the senior lender, the senior lender will require assurances that it will control the disposition of any collateral in
the event of bankruptcy or other default. In many such cases, the senior lender will require us to enter into an intercreditor agreement prior to permitting the portfolio company to borrow from us. Typically the intercreditor agreements we will be
requested to execute will expressly subordinate our debt instruments to those held by the senior lender and further provide that the senior lender shall control: (1) the commencement of foreclosure or other proceedings to liquidate and collect
on the collateral; (2) the nature, timing, and conduct of foreclosure or other collection proceedings; (3) the amendment of any collateral document; (4) the release of the security interests in respect of any collateral; and
(5) the waiver of defaults under any security agreement. Because of the control we may cede to senior lenders under intercreditor agreements we may enter, we may be unable to realize the proceeds of any collateral securing some of our loans.
 An economic recession could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 
 Certain of our portfolio companies may be susceptible to an economic recession and may be unable to repay our loans during such a period of
economic instability. Therefore, assets may become non-performing and the value of our portfolio may decrease during such a period. Adverse economic conditions also may decrease the value of collateral
securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. An economic recession could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenue, net income and the value of our assets. 
 A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and,
potentially, to termination of its loans and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize our portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt securities that we
hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting portfolio company. Any extension or restructuring of our loans could adversely affect our cash flow. In addition, if one of
our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, even though we may have structured our interest as senior debt, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we actually provided managerial assistance to that portfolio
company, a bankruptcy court might re-characterize our debt holding and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to those of other creditors. 
 The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
 We typically will invest in companies whose securities are not publicly traded, and whose securities will be subject to legal and other
restrictions on resale or will otherwise be less liquid than publicly traded securities because there is no established trading market for our investments. Our investments will usually be subject to contractual or legal restrictions on resale or are
otherwise illiquid. The illiquidity of these investments may make it difficult for us to sell these investments when desired or to dispose of them at a favorable price. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio
quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we had previously recorded these investments. As a result, we do not expect to achieve liquidity in our investments in the near-term. 
 We have not yet identified all of the portfolio companies we will invest in using the proceeds of the Private Offering. 
 We have not yet identified all of the potential investments for our portfolio that we will acquire with the proceeds of the Private Offering.
As a result, you will be unable to evaluate any future portfolio company investments prior to purchasing our shares. Additionally, the Adviser will select our investments subsequent to the Initial Closing, and our stockholders will have no input
with respect to such investment decisions. These factors increase the uncertainty, and thus the risk, of investing in our common stock. Our failure
to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. 
 Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments, in order to: (1) increase or maintain in whole or in part our equity ownership percentage; (2) exercise warrants, options, or convertible securities that were acquired in
the original or a 
 47 

Table of Contents 

subsequent financing; or (3) attempt to preserve or enhance the value of our investment. However, we may elect not to make follow-on investments or
lack sufficient funds to make those investments. We will have the discretion to make any follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources. The failure to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a
successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because, among other
reasons, we do not want to increase our concentration of risk, we prefer other opportunities, we are subject to BDC requirements that would prevent such follow-on investments, or the follow-on investment would affect our qualification as a RIC. Our portfolio will lack diversification among
portfolio companies, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if one or more of these companies default on their obligations under any of their debt instruments. 
 Our portfolio may hold a limited number of portfolio companies. Beyond the asset diversification requirements associated with our
qualification as a RIC, we will not have fixed guidelines for diversification, and our investments may be concentrated in relatively few companies. As our portfolio is less diversified than the portfolios of some larger funds, we are more
susceptible to failure if a single loan fails. Similarly, the aggregate returns we realize may be significantly adversely affected if a small number of investments perform poorly or if we need to write down the value of any one investment. 
 Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of industries, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if there is a downturn in a
particular industry in which a number of our investments are concentrated. Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number
of industries. We expect to invest primarily in companies focused in alarm monitoring, business services (including tech-enabled), communications infrastructure and services, consumer staples, energy, franchising, healthcare/healthcare information
technology, industrial, restaurants, specialty finance, software/software as a service, tech-enabled business services and transportation and logistics. A downturn in any particular industry in which we are invested could significantly impact the
aggregate returns we realize. We may securitize certain of our investments, which may subject us to certain structured financing risks.
 We may securitize certain of our investments in the future while retaining all or most of the exposure to the performance of
these investments. This would involve contributing a pool of assets to a special purpose entity, and selling debt interests in that entity on a non-recourse or limited-recourse basis to purchasers. 
 If we were to create a securitization vehicle, we would depend on distributions from the vehicle to make distributions to our stockholders.
The ability of a securitization vehicle to make distributions will be subject to various limitations, including the terms and covenants of the debt it issues. For example, tests (based on interest coverage or other financial ratios or other
criteria) may restrict our ability, as holder of a securitization vehicle equity interest, to receive cash flow from these investments. We cannot assure you that any such performance tests would be satisfied. Also, a securitization vehicle may take
actions that delay distributions to preserve ratings and to keep the cost of present and future financings lower or the financing vehicle may be obligated to retain cash or other assets to satisfy over-collateralization requirements commonly
provided for holders of its debt. As a result, there may be a lag, which could be significant, between the repayment or other realization on a loan or other assets in, and the distribution of cash out of, a securitization vehicle, or cash flow may
be completely restricted for the life of the securitization vehicle. In addition, a decline in the credit quality of loans in a
securitization vehicle due to poor operating results of the relevant borrower, declines in the value of loan collateral or increases in defaults, among other things, may force the sale of certain assets at a loss, reducing their earnings and, in
turn, cash potentially available for distribution to us for distribution to our stockholders. If we were to form a securitization vehicle, to the extent that any losses were incurred by the financing vehicle in respect of any collateral, these
losses would be borne first by us as owners of its equity interests. Any equity interests that we were to retain in a securitization vehicle would not be secured by its assets and we would rank behind all of its creditors. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Nonetheless, a securitization vehicle, if created, also would likely be consolidated in our
financial statements and consequently affect our asset coverage ratio, which may limit our ability to incur additional leverage. See Regulation. 
 Because we generally will not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we may not be in a position to exercise control over our
portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. 
 Although we may do so in the future, we do not expect to hold controlling equity positions in our portfolio companies. As a result, we are
subject to the risk that a portfolio company may make business decisions with which we disagree, and that the management and/or stockholders of a portfolio company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that are adverse to our interests. Due to the
lack of liquidity of the debt and equity investments that we will typically hold in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company and may therefore suffer a
decrease in the value of our investments. Defaults by our portfolio companies will harm our operating results. 
 A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and,
potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize a portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt or equity securities that
we hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants with a defaulting portfolio company. These expenses could materially
and adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. Any unrealized losses we experience on our loan portfolio may be an indication of future
realized losses, which could reduce our income available for distribution. As a BDC, we will be required to carry our investments
at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at the fair value as determined in good faith by our Board. Decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments will be recorded as unrealized depreciation. Any unrealized losses
in our loan portfolio could be an indication of a portfolio company s inability to meet its repayment obligations to us with respect to the affected loans. This could result in realized losses in the future and ultimately in reductions of our
income available for distribution in future periods. Prepayments of our debt investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our
results of operations and reduce our return on equity. We will be subject to the risk that the investments we make in our
portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. When this occurs, we may reinvest these proceeds in temporary investments, pending future investment in new portfolio companies, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. These temporary
investments will typically have substantially lower yields than the debt being prepaid and we could experience significant delays in reinvesting these amounts. Any future investment in a new portfolio company may also be at lower yields than the
debt that was repaid. As a result, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected if one or more of our portfolio companies elect to prepay amounts owed to us. Additionally, prepayments could negatively impact our return on equity.
 To the extent we use debt to finance our investments, changes in interest rates will affect our cost of capital and net investment income.
 To the extent we use debt to finance our investments, our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between
the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. In addition, many of our debt investments and borrowings have floating interest rates that reset on a periodic basis, and many of our investments are subject to interest
rate floors. As a result, a change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our net investment income, in particular with respect to increases from current levels to the level of
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

the interest rate floors on certain investments. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds will increase because the interest rates on the majority of amounts we have borrowed are
floating, which could reduce our net investment income to the extent any debt investments have fixed interest rates, and the interest rate on investments with an interest rate floor will not increase until interest rates exceed the applicable floor.
 While currently not anticipated, we may, to the extent deemed appropriate by the Adviser, use interest rate risk management techniques in
an effort to limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. Such techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act and applicable commodities laws. These activities may limit our ability to
participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to the hedged borrowings. Adverse developments resulting from changes in interest rates or hedging transactions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Our investments in leveraged portfolio companies may be risky, and you could lose all or part of your
investment. Investment in leveraged companies involves a number of significant risks. Leveraged companies in which we invest may
have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their loans and debt securities that we hold. Such developments may be accompanied by deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood
of our realizing any guarantees that we may have obtained in connection with our investment. Smaller leveraged companies also may have less predictable operating results and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations,
finance their expansion or maintain their competitive position. We may not realize gains from our equity investments. 
 Certain investments that we may make in the future include warrants or other equity securities. Investments in equity securities involve a
number of significant risks, including the risk of further dilution as a result of additional issuances, inability to access additional capital and failure to pay current distributions. Investments in preferred securities involve special risks, such
as the risk of deferred distributions, credit risk, illiquidity and limited voting rights. In addition, we may from time to time make non-control, equity investments in portfolio companies. Our goal is
ultimately to realize gains upon our disposition of such equity interests. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity
interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. We also may be unable to realize any value if a portfolio company does not have a liquidity event,
such as a sale of the business, recapitalization or public offering, which would allow us to sell the underlying equity interests. We will sometimes seek puts or similar rights to give us the right to sell our equity securities back to the portfolio
company issuer. We may be unable to exercise these put rights for the consideration provided in our investment documents if the issuer is in financial distress. 
 We may expose ourselves to risks if we engage in hedging transactions. 
 We do not expect to engage in hedging transactions, but if we do, we may expose ourselves to risks associated with such transactions. We may utilize
instruments such as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market
interest rates. Hedging against a decline in the values of our portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging
can establish other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying
portfolio positions increase. It may not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or interest rate fluctuation that is so generally anticipated that we are not able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price. Moreover, for a
variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of
loss. In addition, it may not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies because the value of those securities is
likely to fluctuate as a result of factors not related to currency fluctuations. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. 

Item 2. 
 Properties We maintain our principal executive office at 1345 Avenue of the Americas,
New York, NY 10105. We do not own any real estate. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor,
to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under
contracts with our portfolio companies. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect
that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
 We expect to enter into separate subscription agreements with investors providing for the private placement of Shares pursuant to the
Private Offering. Each investor will make a Capital Commitment to purchase Shares pursuant to a subscription agreement. Under the terms of the subscription agreements, investors will be required to make capital contributions to purchase Shares each
time we deliver a capital call notice, which will be issued based on our anticipated investment activities and capital needs and delivered at least 10 business days prior to the required funding date. The issuance of the Shares pursuant to these
subscription agreements and any draw by the Fund under the related commitments is expected to be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof, and Rule 506(d) of Regulation D thereunder.
 On June 27, 2016, we issued 100 shares of our common stock to the Adviser, for an aggregate purchase price of 1,000. We have not
had any other equity transactions as of December 31, 2016. These shares are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof, and Rule 506(d) of Regulation D thereunder. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data The paragraph below sets forth our selected financial data for
the year ended December 31, 2016. The selected financial information and other data presented below should be read in conjunction with the information contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, the audited financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 As of December 31, 2016, no operations other than the sale and issuance of 100 shares of common stock, par value 0.01, on June 27,
2016, at an aggregate purchase price of 1,000 10.00 per share) to the Adviser, have occurred. The sale of common shares was approved by the unanimous consent of the Fund s sole director at the time. As of December 31, 2016, the Adviser
and its affiliates have incurred or expect to incur organizational costs of approximately 450,000 and offering costs of approximately 89,000 on behalf of the Fund. 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Adviser and its affiliates have incurred expenses of approximately 59,000 on behalf of the Fund in relation to
audit expenses, tax expenses, and board of directors compensation costs. There is currently no liability on the part of the Fund to reimburse the Adviser or its affiliates for these expenses and there is not expected to be any such liability until
such time, if any, that the Fund and the Adviser or an affiliate thereof enter into an investment advisory or other agreement, which includes a provision that defines any conditions and terms of the reimbursement of such expenses. As of December 31,
2016, no such agreement existed; therefore no such expenses were payable by the Fund as of such date. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the
related notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview 
 We were formed on February 6, 2015 as a corporation under the laws of the State of Maryland. We are currently in the development
stage and have not commenced investment operations. Since inception, there has been no investment or operational activity. In conjunction with our formation, we issued and sold 100 shares of our common stock to AB Private Credit Investors LLC,
our Adviser, for an aggregate purchase price of 1,000. On October 6, 2016 we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC an election to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We also intend to elect to be treated, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. While we intend
to elect to be treated as a RIC as soon as practicable, we may have difficulty satisfying the asset diversification requirements as we deploy initial capital and build our portfolio. To the extent that we have net taxable income prior to our
qualification as RIC, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on such income. As a BDC and a RIC, respectively, we are and will be required to comply with various regulatory requirements, such as the requirement to invest at least 70 of
our assets in qualifying assets, source of income limitations, asset diversification requirements, and the requirement to distribute annually at least 90 of our taxable income and tax-exempt 
interest. Our investment activities are managed by our external investment adviser, AB Private Credit Investors LLC, an investment
adviser that is registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. We intend to enter into the Administration Agreement, pursuant to which the Administrator will provide the administrative services necessary for us to operate. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012. We will remain an emerging
growth company for up to five years following an initial public offering, if any, although if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any
June 30 before that time, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, we will be subject to reduced public company reporting
requirements. Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 As of December 31, 2016, we have not commenced investment activities. 
 Results of Operations As of
December 31, 2016, we have not completed the initial closing of our private offering or commenced any operational or investment activities. Therefore, no results of operations are reported. 
 Revenues Our investment objective
is to principally generate current income through direct investments in privately originated loans and notes and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation through private equity investments. At least 80 of Fund assets will be invested in
debt instruments. We intend to invest in middle market businesses based in the United States, which we generally define as having enterprise values between 50 million and 500 million. However from time to time, we may invest in larger or
smaller companies. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 We will seek to build the Fund s portfolio in a defensive manner that minimizes cyclical and
correlated risks across individual names and sector verticals by targeting companies with strong underlying business models and durable intrinsic value. 
 We expect to make investments primarily through primary originations as well as secondary purchases. Our credit investments will principally
take the form of first lien, stretch senior, unitranche, and second lien loans, although the actual mix of instruments pursued will vary over time depending on our views on how best to optimize risk-adjusted returns. We will also consider unsecured
mezzanine debt, priority ranking structured preferred stock, and non-control equity co-investment opportunities, typically alongside a leading middle market financial
sponsor and/or in partnership with a strong management group. We expect our loans will generally carry contractual maturities between four and six years. Our investments are typically not rated by any rating agency, but we believe that if such
investments were rated, they would be below investment grade (rated lower than Baa3 by Moody s Investors Service and lower then BBB- by Fitch Ratings or S P), which is an
indication of having predominately speculative characteristics with respect to an issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. Investments that are rated below investment grade are sometimes referred to as high yield
bonds, junk bonds, or leveraged loans. We will pursue opportunities across a broad range of sectors,
including but not limited to, the following end markets: Alarm Monitoring; Communications and IT Infrastructure; Energy; Enterprise Software (including
 Software-as-a-Service); Equipment Finance; Financial Technology / Transaction Processing; Franchisors, Franchisees, and
Restaurants; Healthcare and Healthcare IT; Non-discretionary Consumer (including certain Multi-site Retailers); Specialized, Value-Added Manufacturing; Specialty Finance; and Technology-Enabled Services. 
 The Board of Directors Our board of
directors (the Board will have ultimate authority as to our investments, but we expect it will delegate authority to the Adviser to select and monitor our investments, subject to the supervision of the Board. The Board currently
consists of five members. A majority of the Board will at all times consist of directors who are not interested persons of the Fund, of the Adviser or of any of their respective affiliates, as defined in the 1940 Act Independent
Directors ). The Board is divided into three classes, each serving staggered, three-year terms: the terms of our Class I directors will expire in 2017 and are subject to approval by our sole stockholder and then will expire at the 2020
annual meeting of stockholders; the terms of our Class II directors will expire at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders; and the terms of our Class III directors will expire at the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Appointment of Directors On
October 18, 2016, our Board expanded its size to five directors and appointed Terry Sebastian to serve as an independent director until 2017, to be approved by the Fund s sole stockholder in 2017, and to serve thereafter until the
Fund s 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and Matthew Bass to serve as an interested director until the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. All of the foregoing actions are effective as of October 18, 2016. 
 Operating Expenses Under the
Advisory Agreement we intend to enter into, which was approved by the Board on June 28, 2016, our primary operating expenses will include the payment of fees to the Adviser our allocable portion of overhead expenses under the Expense
Reimbursement Agreement and other operating costs described below. There is currently no liability on the part of the Fund to reimburse the Adviser for operating expenses and there is not expected to be any such liability until such time, if any,
that the Fund and the Adviser enter into the Advisory Agreement, which is expected to include a provision that defines any conditions and terms of the reimbursement of organization and offering expenses. As of December 31, 2016, no such
agreement existed; therefore no organization and offering costs were payable by the Fund as of such date. We will bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our
operations and transactions, including those relating to: 

reasonable and documented organization and offering expenses to the extent reimbursement of such expenses is included in any future agreement with the Adviser; 
 55 

Table of Contents 

calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

fees and expenses payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in connection with monitoring financial (including advising with respect to our financing strategy) and legal affairs for us
and in providing administrative services, monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; 

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments; 

sales and purchases of our common stock and other securities; 

base management fees and incentive fees payable to the Adviser; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

federal and state registration fees; 

all costs of registration and listing our securities on any securities exchange; 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or other regulators; 

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; 

our allocable portion of any fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; and 

all other expenses incurred by us, the Administrator or the Adviser in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement and payments under the Expense Reimbursement
Agreement based on our allocable portion of the Adviser s overhead in performing its obligations under the Expense Reimbursement Agreement, including the allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer
and their respective staffs. Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We expect to generate cash primarily from (i) the net proceeds of the Private Offering, (ii) cash flows from our operations,
(iii) any financing arrangements we may enter into in the future and (iv) any future offerings of our equity or debt securities. We may fund a portion of our investments through borrowings from banks, or other large global institutions
such as insurance companies, and issuances of senior securities. Our primary use of funds from a credit facility will be investments in
portfolio companies, cash distributions to holders of our common stock and the payment of operating expenses. In the future, we may also
securitize or finance a portion of our investments with a special purpose vehicle. If we undertake a securitization transaction, we will consolidate our allocable portion of the debt of any securitization subsidiary on our financial statements, and
include such debt in our calculation of the asset coverage test, if and to the extent required pursuant to the guidance of the staff of the SEC. 
 Equity Activity In connection
with our formation, we have the authority to issue 200,000,000 shares of common stock at a 0.01 per share par value. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 On June 27, 2016, we issued 100 shares of our common stock to the Adviser, for an aggregate
purchase price of 1,000. We have not had any other equity transactions as of December 31, 2016. Contractual Obligations 
 As of December 31, 2016, we have not commenced operations. 
 We intend to enter into an Advisory Agreement, which was approved by the Board on June 28, 2016, with the Adviser in accordance with the
1940 Act. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser will be responsible for sourcing, reviewing and structuring investment opportunities for us, underwriting and conducting diligence on our investments and monitoring our investment portfolio on an
ongoing basis. For these services, we will pay (i) a base management fee equal to a percentage of aggregate amount of capital committed to us by investors (or, after a Qualified IPO, a percentage of our average adjusted gross assets) and
(ii) an incentive fee based on our performance. The cost of both the base management fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by our stockholders. 
 We intend to enter into an Administration Agreement with the Administrator and we may enter into an Expense Reimbursement Agreement with the
Adviser. Under the Administration Agreement, we expect that the Administrator will be responsible for providing us with clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services. We may reimburse the Adviser an amount equal to our
allocable portion (subject to the review of our Board) of its overhead resulting from its obligations under the Expense Reimbursement Agreement, including the allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer
and their respective staffs. Stockholder approval is not required to amend the Administration Agreement or Expense Reimbursement Agreement. 
 If any of the contractual obligations discussed above are terminated, our costs under any new agreements that we enter into may increase. In
addition, we would likely incur significant time and expense in locating alternative parties to provide the services we expect to receive under the Advisory Agreement, the Administration Agreement and the Expense Reimbursement Agreement. Any new
investment advisory agreement would also be subject to approval by our stockholders. Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements We had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2016. 
 Co-investment Exemptive Order 
 On October 11, 2016, the SEC granted us relief sought in an exemptive application that expands our ability to co-invest in portfolio companies with certain of our affiliates managed by the Adviser Affiliated Funds in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and
restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, subject to compliance with certain conditions (the Order ). Pursuant to the Order, we are permitted to co-invest with
Affiliated Funds if, among other things, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a
 co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transactions, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching in
respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies. We intend to co-invest with Affiliated Funds, subject to the conditions included in the Order. Valuation of Investments
 We measure the value of our investments at fair value accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosure , or ASC Topic 820, issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Our audit committee is also responsible for assisting our Board in valuing investments that are
not publicly traded or for which current market values are not readily available. Investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued using market quotations, which are generally obtained from independent pricing services,
broker-dealers or market makers. With respect to portfolio investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our Board, with the assistance of the Adviser and its senior investment team and independent valuation agents, is
responsible for determining in good faith the fair value in accordance with the valuation policy approved by our Board. If more than one valuation method is used to measure fair value, the results are evaluated and weighted, as appropriate,
considering the reasonableness of the range indicated by those results. We consider a range of fair values based upon the valuation techniques utilized and select the value within that range that was most representative of fair value based on
current market conditions as well as other factors the Adviser s senior investment team considers relevant. Our Board will make this
fair value determination on a quarterly basis and any other time when a decision regarding the fair value of the portfolio investments is required. A determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates and depends on the facts
and circumstances. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of portfolio investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ significantly from the values that would have
been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. ASC Topic 820
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. ASC Topic 820 also provides guidance regarding a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes information used to
measure fair value and the effect of fair value measurements on earnings and provides for enhanced disclosures determined by the level within the hierarchy of information used in the valuation. In accordance with ASC Topic 820, these inputs are
summarized in the three levels listed below: 

Level 1 Valuations are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Valuations are based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly and model-based valuation techniques for which all
significant inputs are observable. 

Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using
pricing models incorporating significant unobservable inputs, such as discounted cash flow models and other similar valuations techniques. The valuation of Level 3 assets and liabilities generally requires significant management judgment due to
the inability to observe inputs to valuation. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into
different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of observable input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The assessment of the
significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the investment. 
 Under ASC Topic 820, the fair value measurement also assumes that the transaction to sell an asset occurs in the principal market for the
asset or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset, which may be a hypothetical market, and excludes transaction costs. The principal market for any asset is the market with the greatest volume and level of
activity for such asset in which the reporting entity would or could sell or transfer the asset. In determining the principal market for an asset or liability under ASC Topic 820, it is assumed that the reporting entity has access to such market as
of the measurement date. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market that are independent, knowledgeable and willing and able to transact. 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our Board will undertake a multi-step valuation process
each quarter, as described below: 

Our quarterly valuation process will begin with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the Adviser s professionals that are responsible for the portfolio investment; 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Preliminary valuation conclusions will then be documented and discussed with the Adviser s senior investment team; 

Our Audit Committee will then review these preliminary valuations; 

At least once annually, the valuation for each portfolio investment will be reviewed by an independent valuation firm; and 

Our Board will then discuss valuations and determine the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of the Adviser, the respective independent valuation firms and our audit
committee. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation for all fair value investments and interests, the Board s
determination of fair value may differ from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed, or that could have been (or will be) realized in an actual sale, and such differences could be material. 
 The value of any investment on any valuation date is intended to represent the fair value of such investment on such date based upon the
amount at which the investment could be exchanged between willing parties, other than in a forced liquidation sale, and reflects the Board s determination of fair value using the methodology described herein. Any valuation of an investment may
not reflect the actual amount received by the Fund upon the liquidation of such investment. Our investments will be primarily loans made
to middle-market companies. These investments are mostly considered Level 3 assets under ASC Topic 820 because there is not usually a known or accessible market or market indices for these types of debt instruments and, thus, the
Adviser s senior investment team must estimate the fair value of these investment securities based on models utilizing unobservable inputs. 
 Security Transactions, Realized/Unrealized Gains or Losses, and Income Recognition 
 Security transactions are recorded on a trade-date basis. We measure realized gains or losses from the repayment or sale of investments using
the specific identification method. The amortized cost basis of investments represents the original cost adjusted for the accretion/amortization of discounts and premiums and upfront loan origination fees. We report changes in fair value of
investments that are measured at fair value as a component of net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the statement of operations. 
 Interest income, adjusted for amortization of market premium and accretion of market discount, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent
that we expect to collect such amounts. Original issue discount, principally representing the estimated fair value of detachable equity or warrants obtained in conjunction with our debt investments, and market discount or premium are capitalized and
accreted or amortized into interest income over the life of the respective security using the effective interest method. Loan origination fees received in connection with the closing of investments are reported as unearned income which is included
as amortized cost of the investment; the unearned income from such fees is accreted over the contractual life of the loan based on the effective interest method. Upon prepayment of a loan or debt security, any prepayment penalties, unamortized loan
origination fees, and unamortized market discounts are recorded as interest income. Management and Incentive Fees 
 We will accrue for the base management fee and incentive fee. The accrual for incentive fee includes the recognition of incentive fee on
unrealized capital gains, even though such incentive fee is neither earned nor payable to the Adviser until the gains are both realized and in excess of unrealized depreciation on investments. 
 Organization and Offering Costs 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Adviser and its affiliates have incurred or expect to incur organizational costs of approximately 450,000
and offering costs of approximately 89,000 on behalf of the Fund. There is 
 59 

Table of Contents 

currently no liability on the part of the Fund to reimburse the Adviser for organization and offering costs and there is not expected to be any such liability until such time, if any, that the
Fund and the Adviser or an affiliate thereof enter into an investment advisory or other agreement, which includes a provision that defines any conditions and terms of the reimbursement of organization and offering expenses. As of December 31,
2016, no such agreement existed; therefore no organization and offering costs were payable by the Fund as of such date. Organization
costs include, among other things, the cost of organizing as a Maryland corporation, including the cost of legal services, directors fees and other fees, including travel-related expenses, pertaining to our organization, all of which are
expensed as incurred. Offering costs include, among other things, legal fees and other costs pertaining to the preparation of our private placement memorandum and other offering documents. 
 Fund Expenses As of December 31,
2016, the Adviser and its affiliates have incurred expenses of approximately 59,000 on behalf of the Fund in relation to audit expenses, tax expenses, and board of directors compensation costs. There is currently no liability on the part of the
Fund to reimburse the Adviser or its affiliates for these expenses and there is not expected to be any such liability until such time, if any, that the Fund and the Adviser or an affiliate thereof enter into an investment advisory or other
agreement, which includes a provision that defines any conditions and terms of the reimbursement of such expenses. As of December 31, 2016, no such agreement existed; therefore no such expenses were payable by the Fund as of such date. 
 Federal Income Taxes We intend to
elect to be treated, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code as soon as practicable. Generally, a RIC is not subject to federal income taxes on distributed income and gains if it distributes at least 90 of
its net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of its net long-term capital losses, if any, to its stockholders. We intend to distribute sufficient dividends to maintain our RIC status each year and we do not anticipate paying
any material federal income taxes in the future. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Risk As of December 31, 2016, we had not commenced
investment activities. When investing commences, we will be subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. To
the extent that we borrow money to make investments, our net investment income will be dependent upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest these funds. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost
of funds would increase, which may reduce our net investment income. Because we expect that most of our investments will bear interest at floating rates, we anticipate that an increase in interest rates would have a corresponding increase in our
interest income that would likely offset any increase in our cost of funds and, thus, net investment income would not be reduced. However, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have an adverse effect
on our net investment income. In addition, although we do not currently intend to make investments that are denominated in a foreign
currency, to the extent we do, we will be subject to risks associated with changes in currency exchange rates. These risks include the possibility of significant fluctuations in the foreign currency markets, the imposition or modification of foreign
exchange controls and potential illiquidity in the secondary market. These risks will vary depending upon the currency or currencies involved. 
 We may hedge against interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and
forward contracts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our
portfolio of investments with fixed interest rates. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Selected Quarterly Financial
Data As of December 31, 2016, we had not completed the initial closing of our private offering or commenced any operational or
investment activities other than the sale and issuance of 100 shares of common stock, par value 0.01, on June 27, 2016, at an aggregate purchase price of 1,000 10.00 per share) to the Adviser. Therefore, no results of operations are
reported or quarterly financial data has been provided for the Fund s fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016, September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2016. 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Registered Independent Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2016

F-3 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-4 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of AB Private Credit
Investors Corporation In our opinion, the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities presents fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of AB Private Credit Investors Corporation (the Fund as of December 31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The statement of assets and liabilities
is the responsibility of the Fund s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the statement of assets and liabilities based on our audit. We conducted our audit of this statement of assets and liabilities in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the statement of assets and liabilities is free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the statement of assets and liabilities, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall statement of assets and liabilities presentation. We believe that our audit of the statement of assets and liabilities provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 
 March 31, 2017 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 AB Private Credit Investors Corporation 
 Statement of Assets and Liabilities 
 December 31, 2016 

ASSETS: 

Cash 

1,000 

Total Assets 

1,000 

LIABILITIES: 

Total Liabilities 

0 

Net Assets 

1,000 

Composition of Net Assets: 

Par 

1 

Additional paid in capital 

999 

1,000 

Shares 

Net asset value per share 1,000 net assets /100 shares) 

10.00 
 
 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Financial Statements 
 1. Organization AB Private Credit Investors Corporation
(the Fund ), an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that is regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act was incorporated under the laws of the state of Maryland on February 6, 2015. The Fund was formed to invest in primary-issue middle-market credit
opportunities that are directly sourced and privately negotiated. As of December 31, 2016, no operations other than the sale and issuance of 100
shares of common stock, par value 0.01, on June 27, 2016, at an aggregate purchase price of 1,000 10.00 per share) to AB Private Credit Investors LLC, the Fund s external investment adviser (the Adviser have occurred. The
sale of common shares was approved by the unanimous consent of the Fund s sole director at the time. The Fund expects to conduct private offerings
(each a Private Offering of its common stock to investors in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. At the closing of any Private Offering, each investor will make a
capital commitment (a Capital Commitment to purchase shares of the Fund s common stock pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with the Fund. Investors will be required to fund drawdowns to purchase shares of the
Fund s common stock up to the amount of their respective Capital Commitment on an as-needed basis each time the Fund delivers a notice to its investors. The Fund anticipates commencing its loan
origination and investment activities contemporaneously with the initial drawdown from investors in the initial Private Offering. The Fund s fiscal
year ends on December 31. 2. Significant Accounting Policies 
 The Fund is an investment company under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and follows the
accounting and reporting guidance applicable to investment companies. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The financial statements have
been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates, and such
differences could be material. The following is a summary of significant accounting policies followed by the Fund. 
 Cash consists of demand deposits. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The Fund places its cash and cash equivalents
with financial institutions. The Fund intends to elect to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. So long as the Fund is able to maintain its status as a RIC, it intends not to be subject to U.S. federal income or excise tax by distributing substantially all of its ordinary income and long-term capital
gains, if any, during each calendar year. Accordingly, no provision for U.S. federal income or excise taxes would be required. In the normal course of
business, the Fund enters into general business contracts that contain a variety of representations and warranties and which may provide for indemnification. The Fund s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown. However, the Fund
expects the risk of material loss to be remote and no amounts have been recorded in the financial statement for such arrangements. Management does not
believe any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 3. Agreements and Related Party Transactions 
 Investment Management Agreement The Fund intends to enter
into an investment management agreement with the Adviser pursuant to which the Fund will pay the Adviser, quarterly in arrears, a base management fee calculated at an annual rate of 1.50 . The base management fee will be calculated based on a
percentage of the average outstanding assets of the Fund (which equals the gross value of equity and debt instruments, including investments made utilizing leverage), excluding cash assets, during such fiscal quarter. The average outstanding assets
will be calculated by taking the average of the amount of assets of the Fund at the beginning and end of each month that occurs during the calculation period. The base management fee will be calculated and paid quarterly in arrears but will be
accrued monthly by the Fund over the fiscal quarter for which such base management fee is paid. The base management fee for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately prorated. 
 The Fund will also pay the Adviser an incentive fee that provides the Adviser with a share of the income that the Adviser generates for the Fund. The
incentive fee will consist of an income-based incentive fee component and a capital-gains component, which are largely independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. 
 Income-Based Incentive Fee: The income-based incentive fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on net investment income prior to any
deductions with respect to such income-based incentive fees and capital gains incentive fees pre-incentive fee net investment income for the quarter.
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial and consulting
fees or other fees received from portfolio companies) that the Fund accrues during the fiscal quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement with the
Administrator (the Administration Agreement ), and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding indebtedness or preferred stock, respectively, but excluding, for avoidance of doubt, the income-based incentive fee
accrued under U.S. GAAP). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with pay in kind
interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income not yet received in cash. The Adviser is not under any obligation to reimburse the Fund for any part of the income-based incentive fees it received that was based on accrued interest that was
never actually received. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains,
realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Because of the structure of the income-based incentive fee, it is possible that the Fund may accrue such fees in a quarter where it incurs a net loss. For example, if the
Fund receives pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate (as defined below) for a quarter, the Fund will accrue the applicable income-based incentive fee even if it has incurred a
loss in that quarter due to realized and/or unrealized capital losses. However, cash payment of the incentive fee may be deferred in this situation, subject to the restrictions detailed at the end of this section. 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of net assets (defined as total
assets, excluding investments purchased with borrowed funds, less liabilities) at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, will be compared to a hurdle rate of 1.5 per quarter (approximately 6 per annum). The Fund pays the
Adviser an income-based incentive fee with respect to pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 

no income-based incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; 

100 of pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that
exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.82 in any calendar quarter. This portion of pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.82 is referred to as the catch-up provision. The catch-up is meant to provide the Adviser with 17.5 of the pre-incentive fee net
investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeded 1.82 in any calendar quarter; and 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

17.5 of the amount of pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 1.82 in any calendar quarter. 
 Capital Gains Incentive Fee: The capital gains incentive fee is determined and payable at the end of each fiscal year as 17.5 of aggregate cumulative
realized capital gains from the date of the Fund s election to be regulated as a BDC through the end of that year, computed net of all aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized depreciation through the end
of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees. For the foregoing purpose, aggregate cumulative realized capital gains will not include any unrealized appreciation. It should be noted, however,
that the Fund will accrue an incentive fee for accounting purposes taking into account any unrealized appreciation in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The capital gains incentive fee is not subject to any minimum return to stockholders. If such amount is
negative, then no capital gains incentive fee will be payable for such year. Additionally, if the Advisory Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a calendar year
end for purposes of calculating and paying the capital gains incentive fee. The Fund will defer cash payment of any income-based incentive fee and/or any
capital gains incentive fee otherwise earned by the Adviser if during the most recent four full fiscal quarter period ending on or prior to the date such payment is to be made, the sum of (a) the
 pre-incentive fee net investment income, and (b) the realized capital gain / loss and (c) unrealized capital appreciation/ depreciation expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets,
is less than 6.0 . Any such deferred fees are carried over for payment in subsequent calculation periods to the extent such payment is payable under the Advisory Agreement. 
 4. Organization and Offering Expense As of
December 31, 2016, the Adviser and its affiliates have incurred or expect to incur organizational costs of approximately 450,000 and offering costs of approximately 89,000 on behalf of the Fund. There is currently no liability on the part of
the Fund to reimburse the Adviser for organization and offering costs and there is not expected to be any such liability until such time, if any, that the Fund and the Adviser or an affiliate thereof enter into an investment advisory or other
agreement, which includes a provision that defines any conditions and terms of the reimbursement of organization and offering expenses. As of December 31, 2016, no such agreement existed; therefore no organization and offering costs were
payable by the Fund as of such date 5. Fund Expenses 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Adviser and its affiliates have incurred expenses of approximately 59,000 on behalf of the Fund in relation to audit expenses,
tax expenses, and board of directors compensation costs. There is currently no liability on the part of the Fund to reimburse the Adviser or its affiliates for these expenses and there is not expected to be any such liability until such time, if
any, that the Fund and the Adviser or an affiliate thereof enter into an investment advisory or other agreement, which includes a provision that defines any conditions and terms of the reimbursement of such expenses. As of December 31, 2016, no such
agreement existed; therefore no such expenses were payable by the Fund as of such date. 6. Net Assets 
 In connection with its formation, the Fund has the authority to issue 200,000,000 shares at of common stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

It em 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures are effective in facilitating timely decisions regarding required disclosure of any material information relating to us that is required to be disclosed by us in the reports
we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Management s report on internal control over financial reporting 
 The Fund s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Fund
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on the Fund s evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), management concluded that the Fund s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2016. Changes in internal controls over financial reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Fund s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
 Rule 13a-15(f) of Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Fund s internal
control over financial reporting. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

It em 9B. 
 Other Information None. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. Our Board is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms and consists of three members, two of whom are not interested persons, as defined
in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of us, the Adviser or our respective affiliates. We refer to these individuals, each of whom also qualifies as an independent director within the definition set forth in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ
Stock Market Rules, as our independent directors. Our Board elects our officers, who serve at the discretion of our Board. The responsibilities of our Board include quarterly valuation of our assets, corporate governance activities,
oversight of our financing arrangements and oversight of our investment activities. Board of Directors and Executive Officers 
 Directors Under our bylaws, our
directors are divided into three classes. At each annual meeting, beginning in 2018, directors will be elected for staggered terms of three years (other than the initial terms, which extend for up to three years, and in the case of the Class I
directors, will be subject to approval by the sole stockholder of the Fund in 2017 prior to the commencement of the Private Offering), with the term of office of only one of these three classes of directors expiring each year. Each director will
hold office for the term to which he or she is elected and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. Information regarding our Board is as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Director Since 

Expiration of Term 

Interested Directors 

J. Brent Humphries 
 
 49 
 
 President and Chairman of AB Private Credit Investors Corporation 
 President, AB Private Credit Investors LLC (Adviser) 

2016 

2017 

Matthew Bass 
 
 37 
 
 Interested Director 

2016 

2018 

Independent Directors 

John G. Jordan 
 
 46 
 
 Director 

2016 

2018 

Richard S. Pontin 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

2016 

2019 

Terry Sebastian 
 
 49 
 
 Director 

2016 

2017 
 
 The address for each of our directors is c/o AB Private Credit Investors Corporation, 1345 Avenue of the
Americas, New York, New York 10105. Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 

Mark R. Manley 

54 

Chief Compliance Officer 
 
 Wesley Raper 

38 

Chief Financial Officer 
 Biographical Information 
 Directors Our directors have been
divided into two groups interested directors and independent directors. An interested director is an interested person as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Interested Directors 
 J. Brent Humphries , our President and the Chairman of our Board, is also the President of the Adviser, which is responsible for
all investment decisions for the Fund. Brent Humphries joined AB in 2014 as a founding member and President of the Adviser, where he has primary responsibility for overseeing all aspects of the business, including investor relations, investment
originations, structuring and underwriting, as well as ongoing portfolio management and compliance. He previously held the same position with Barclays Private Credit Partners LLC. Prior to joining Barclays, Humphries served as group head, generalist
financial sponsor coverage for the Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, and later led its structured private equity initiative. Before that, he served as a partner and managing director of the Texas Growth Fund and TGF Management Corp., a
middle-market private equity fund and investment advisor, respectively. Humphries previously worked in leveraged finance with NationsBank and J.P. Morgan, and as a financial analyst with Exxon. He holds a B.B.A. in finance with an emphasis in
accounting from the University of Oklahoma and an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School. Matthew Bass is a Senior Vice
President and Global Head of Alternatives and Multi-Asset Business Development for AllianceBernstein L.P. AB ). Prior to joining AB in 2010, he was a program director at the U.S. Department of the Treasury, where he was responsible for
the design and implementation of various real estate and real estate capital-markets programs pursuant to the Troubled Asset Relief Program. Prior to joining the U.S. Department of the Treasury in 2009, Mr. Bass was a vice president at The
Blackstone Group s GSO Capital Partners unit. He began his career in the Financial Institutions Investment Banking Group at UBS. Mr. Bass holds a B.S. in Finance from Lehigh University. 
 Independent Directors John G.
Jordan is an Advisory Board Member of LBJ Family Wealth Advisors, Ltd., a position he has held since 2015. From 2000 to 2015 he was President and a member of the Board of Directors of BusinessSuites, LP, which he grew into the third
largest provider of shared office space, virtual offices, and meeting rooms in North America. In 2015 BusinessSuites, LP was renamed Watch Hill Holdings, LP, and since that time Mr. Jordan has served as the entity s President and a member
of its Board of Directors. Mr. Jordan also served as the Treasurer and a member of the Board of Directors of Preferred Office Network, LLC from 2010-2015, as a member of the Board of Directors of Texas 4000 for Cancer, a non-profit organization, from 2010-2014, and as the Treasurer, President, and a member of the Board of Directors of the Global Workspace Association from 2008-2013. Prior to 2000, he held positions as Director of
Business Development of SiLogiX, LLC, Investment Associate at the LBJ Holding Company, Assistant Vice President of Bank One, Texas, N.A. and Financial Analyst at CFO Services Inc. Mr. Jordan holds a B.B.A. and an M.B.A. from The University of
Texas at Austin, where he was also a part-time lecturer in Entrepreneurial Finance from 2000-2006. Richard S.
Pontin has been a member the Board of Directors and audit committee of Tangoe, a leading provider of information Technology and telecom asset and financial management services for global enterprises, since 2007. He has been a member of
the Audit Committee since 2014. He previously served as Executive Chairman of Tangoe from 2007-2009 and as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of its predecessor company, TRAQ Wireless, from 2004-2007. Mr. Pontin has
been a member of the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee of PlumChoice Inc. since 2010. Since 2002 Mr. Pontin has also been an advisor to private equity and venture capital companies and entrepreneurs. He has advised several
firms, focusing on corporate strategy, business planning, competitive analysis, M A due diligence, KPI/metric implementation, product planning, and interim Chief Executive Officer Management. Between 2002 and 2011 Mr. Pontin served
as the Chief Executive Officer of each of Airclic, Inc., Airband Communications, and Ionex Telecom. Prior to 2002, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Broadwing Communications and President and Chief Operating Officer of Cincinnati
Bell, Inc., and held various positions at Nextel Communications, Bell South, MCI Communications, AT T and Marion Laboratories. Mr. Pontin holds a B.S. in Biological Science and an M.B.A. from Drexel University, and is a member of the
National Association of Corporate Directors, where he was recognized as the 2015 Governance Fellow for Excellence in Board Management and Governance. 
 Terry Sebastian has served as the President and a member of the board of directors at Cal Pacific Specialty Foods, LLC since
2011. He has also served as a member of the board of directors of the California Strawberry Commission and as the vice chairman of the Processing Strawberry Advisory Board since 2012. He is a member of the advisory board at Lake Pacific Partners,
LLC, where he previously served as a managing director and 
 66 

Table of Contents 

founder from 2000 to 2010. Prior to this, Mr. Sebastian was a senior vice president at Natural Nutrition Group. Previously, Mr. Sebastian was an executive at McCain Foods and a
management consultant at Booz, Allen Hamilton. He also previously served as the chairman of Maxi Canada, as a director of Gladson and as a director of Teepak. Mr. Sebastian was the managing director of the Lundquist Center for
Entrepreneurship at Charles H. Lundquist College of Business, University of Oregon. He has served as the president of the CEIBA Foundation, a non-profit charter school since 2015. Mr. Sebastian holds an
M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School and a B.B.A. with high honors from the University of Texas at Austin. Executive Officers Who Are Not
Directors Mark R. Manley , our Chief Compliance Officer, has served as the Deputy General Counsel of AB since 2004
and Chief Compliance Officer of AB since 1988. Mr. Manley joined AB in 1984. Mr. Manley is also a senior member of various management-level committees at AB, including the Information Security and Cyber Risk Oversight Committee.
Mr. Manley received holds a B.A. from St. John s University and a J.D. from New York Law School. Wesley Raper ,
our Chief Financial Officer, joined AB in 2014 as founding member and Chief Operating Officer of the Adviser. He previously held the same role at Barclays Private Credit Partners LLC from 2008 to 2014. Mr. Raper was a vice president in the
Information Technology Group at Barclays LLC from 2000 to 2008. He holds an MEng from the University of Bristol and an M.S. in Finance from the Zicklin School of Business at Baruch College. 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 Pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Fund s directors and executive officers, and any persons holding
more than 10 of its common stock, are required to report their beneficial ownership and any changes therein to the SEC and the Fund. Specific due dates for those reports have been established, and the Fund is required to report herein any failure
to file such reports by those due dates. Based solely on a review of copies of such reports and written representations delivered to the Company by such persons, the Company believes that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, all
Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to the executive officers, directors and stockholders were timely satisfied. Code of Ethics 
 We and the Adviser each have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and
Rule 204A-1 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions by our
personnel. The Code of Ethics applies to, among others, the Fund s senior officers, including its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, as well as every officer, director and employee of the Fund. Our codes of ethics
generally do not permit investments by our employees in securities that may be purchased or held by us. Committees of the Board of Directors 
 Our Board has established an audit committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee and may establish additional committees in
the future. All directors are expected to attend least 75 of the aggregate number of meetings of our Board and of the respective committees on which they serve. We require each director to make a diligent effort to attend all Board and committee
meetings. Audit Committee 
 The members of our audit committee are Messrs. Jordan, Pontin and Sebastian, each of whom is not considered an interested person 
of the Fund as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Mr. Pontin will serve as Chair of the audit committee. Our Board has determined that Mr. Pontin is an audit committee financial expert as that term is
defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K, as promulgated under the Exchange Act. Messrs. Jordan, Pontin and Sebastian meet the current independence and experience requirements of Rule 10A-3 of 
 67 

Table of Contents 

the Exchange Act. The audit committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by our Board, which sets forth the responsibilities of the audit committee. The audit committee is responsible for
assisting the Board in its oversight of the accounting and financial reporting policies and practices. Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee The nominating and corporate governance committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by our Board. The members of
the nominating and corporate governance committee are Messrs. Jordan, Pontin and Sebastian, each of whom is considered independent under the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market and is not an interested person of the Fund as that
term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Mr. Jordan serves as Chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. The nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for assisting the Board in carrying out its
responsibilities with respect to governance of the Fund and the selection, nomination, evaluation and compensation of members of the Board in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, stock exchange requirements and industry best practices. Our
nominating and corporate governance committee may consider nominating an individual recommended by a stockholder for election as a director if such stockholder complies with the advance notice provisions of our bylaws. 
 The nominating and corporate governance committee seeks candidates who possess the background, skills and expertise to make a significant
contribution to the Board, the Fund and its stockholders. In considering possible candidates for election as a director, the nominating and corporate governance committee may take into account a wide variety of factors, including (but not limited
to): 

the candidate s knowledge in matters relating to the investment company industry; 

any experience possessed by the candidate as a director/trustee or senior officer of other public companies; 

the candidate s educational background; 

the candidate s reputation for high ethical standards and personal and professional integrity; 

any specific financial, technical or other expertise possessed by the candidate, and the extent to which such expertise would complement the Board s existing mix of skills and qualifications; 

the candidate s perceived ability to contribute to the on-going functions of the Board, including the candidate s ability and commitment to attend meetings regularly,
work collaboratively with other members of the Board and carry out his or her duties in the best interests of the Fund; 

the candidate s ability to qualify as an independent director for purposes of the 1940 Act and any other standards of independence that may be relevant to the Fund; 

the extent to which the candidate s background, skills, and experience would complement the background, skills, and experience of other nominees and contribute to the diversity of the Board; and 

such other factors as the nominating and corporate governance committee determines to be relevant in light of the existing composition of the Board and any anticipated vacancies or other factors. 
 The nominating and corporate governance committee has not adopted a formal policy with regard to the consideration of diversity in
identifying director nominees. In determining whether to recommend a director nominee, the nominating and corporate governance committee considers and discusses diversity, among other factors, with a view toward the needs of the Board as a whole.
The nominating and corporate governance committee generally conceptualizes diversity expansively to include, without limitation, concepts such as race, gender, national origin, differences of viewpoint, professional experience, education, skill and
other qualities that contribute to the Board, when identifying and recommending director nominees. The nominating and corporate governance committee believes that the inclusion of diversity as one of many factors considered in selecting director
nominees is consistent with the nominating and corporate governance committee s goal of creating a Board that best serves our needs and the interests of our stockholders. In addition, as part of our Board s annual-self assessment, the
members of our nominating and corporate governance committee will evaluate the membership of our Board and whether our Board maintains satisfactory policies regarding membership selection. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Review and Discussion with Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The audit committee has reviewed the audited financial statements and met and held discussions with management regarding the audited financial
statements, and the audit committee recommended the inclusion of the financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management has represented to the audit committee that the Company s financial
statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The audit committee received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm
required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and has discussed with the auditors the auditors independence. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have
any employees. Services necessary for our business will be provided by individuals who are employees of the Adviser, the Administrator or their affiliates, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Administration Agreement and the Expense
Reimbursement Agreement, as applicable. Our day-to-day investment and administrative operations will be managed by the Adviser and the Administrator. Most of the
services necessary for the origination and administration of our investment portfolio will be provided by investment professionals employed by the Adviser, the Administrator or their affiliates. 
 None of our executive officers will receive direct compensation from us. We may reimburse the Adviser the allocable portion of the
compensation paid by the Administrator (or its affiliates) to our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer (based on the percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to our business and affairs). See
 Business - Description of Business Investment Advisory Agreement and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 
 Compensation of Directors No
compensation is expected to be paid to our directors who are interested persons, as such term is defined in Section 2(a) (19) of the 1940 Act. The independent directors will receive an annual fee of 30,000 (the fee will increase to
 50,000 for any fiscal year end when the Fund has average outstanding assets of 500 million). They will also receive 2,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable
 out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each meeting of the Board which lasts for four hours or more and 1,000 for attending any Board meeting
which lasts for less than four hours. The Chair of our audit committee will receive an annual fee of 5,000 (the fee will increase to 7,500 for any fiscal year end when the Fund has average outstanding assets of 500 million). The Chair of our
nominating and corporate governance committee will receive an annual fee of 1,250 (the fee will increase to 2,500 for any fiscal year end when the Fund has average outstanding assets of 500 million. We have obtained directors and
officers liability insurance on behalf of our directors and officers. Independent directors will have the option of having their directors fees paid in shares of our common stock issued at a price per share equal to the per share net
asset value of our common stock. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2017, the beneficial ownership of each current
director, the nominees for director, the Fund s executive officers, each person known to us to beneficially own 5.0 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock, and the executive officers and directors as a group. 
 The percentage ownership is based on 100 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 30, 2017. Shares of common stock that are subject
to warrants or other convertible securities currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days thereof, are deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding these options or convertible
securities, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
To our knowledge, unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned. Unless otherwise indicated by
footnote, the address for each listed individual is AB Private Credit Investors Corporation, 1345 Avenues of the Americas, New York, NY 10105. 

Name of Beneficial Owners 
 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 

Percent of Class 

Interested Directors 

J. Brent Humphries 

Matthew Bass 

Executive Officer 

Wesley Raper 

Independent Directors 

John G. Jordan 

Richard S Pontin 

Terry Sebastian 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 

Owners of 5 or more of our common stock 

AB Private Credit Investors LLC(1) 

100 

100 

Less than 1.0 

(1) 
 The address of AB Private Credit Investors Corporation is 1345 Avenues of the Americas, New York, NY 10105. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Transactions with Related
Persons; Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons, Policies and Procedures for Managing Conflicts; Co-investment Opportunities 
 Certain members of the Adviser s senior investment team and Investment Committee serve, or may serve, as officers, directors, members or
principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do, or of investment vehicles managed by the Adviser or AB with similar investment objectives. Similarly, the Adviser may have other clients with similar, different
or competing investment objectives. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure There are significant potential conflicts of interest
which could impact our investment returns. As a result, members of the Adviser s senior investment team, in their roles at the Adviser, may face conflicts in the allocation of investment opportunities among us and other investment
vehicles managed by the Adviser with similar or overlapping investment objectives in a manner that is fair and equitable over time and consistent with the Adviser s allocation policy. Generally, when a particular investment would be appropriate
for us as well as one or more other investment funds, accounts or vehicles managed by the Adviser s senior investment team, such investment will be apportioned by the Adviser s senior investment team in accordance with (1) the
Adviser s internal conflict of interest and allocation policies, (2) the requirements of the Advisers Act and (3) certain restrictions under the 1940 Act regarding co-investments with
affiliates. Such apportionment may not be strictly pro rata, depending on the good-faith determination of all relevant factors, including differing investment objectives, diversification considerations and the terms of our or the respective
governing documents of such investment funds, accounts or investment vehicles. These procedures could, in certain circumstances, limit whether or not a co-investment opportunity is available to us, the timing
of acquisitions and dispositions of investments, the price paid or received by us for investments or the size of the investment purchased or sold by us. The Adviser believes that this allocation system is fair and equitable, and consistent with its
fiduciary duty to us. In particular, we have disclosed to investors how allocation determinations are made among any investment vehicles managed by the Adviser. 
 In the future, we may co-invest with investment funds, accounts and vehicles managed by the Adviser,
where doing so is consistent with our investment strategy as well as applicable law and SEC staff interpretations. Absent an exemptive order from the SEC, we generally will only be permitted to co-invest with
such investment funds, accounts and vehicles where the only term that is negotiated is price. On October 11, 2016, the SEC granted us relief sought in an exemptive application that expands our ability to
 co-invest in portfolio companies with certain of our affiliates managed by the Adviser Affiliated Funds in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and
restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, subject to compliance with certain conditions (the Order ). Pursuant to the Order, we are permitted to co-invest with
Affiliated Funds if, among other things, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a
 co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transactions, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching in
respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies. We intend to co-invest with Affiliated Funds, subject to the conditions included in the Order. Advisory Agreement 
 We intend to enter into the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, which was approved by the Board on June 28, 2016, pursuant to which we
will pay the Adviser a base management fee and an incentive fee for its services. The Adviser will be responsible for sourcing, reviewing and structuring investment opportunities for us, underwriting and conducting diligence on our investments and
monitoring our investment portfolio on an ongoing basis. The Adviser s incentive fee is based, among other things, on the value of our investments and, therefore, there may be a conflict of interest when personnel of the Adviser are involved in
the valuation process for our portfolio investments. For example, the terms of the Adviser s base management and incentive fees may create an incentive for the Adviser to approve and cause us to make more speculative investments that we would
otherwise make in the absence of such fee structure. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Humphries, our President and Chairman of our Board, is a member of the Adviser s
Investment Committee, and our Chief Financial Officer, Wesley Raper, and other members of the senior management and the Investment Committee of the Adviser serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same
or a related line of business as we do, or of investment funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates. In serving in these multiple capacities, they may have obligations to other clients or investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which may
not be in our best interest or in the best interest of our investors. Our investment objective may overlap with the investment objectives or such investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles. For example, the Adviser concurrently manages
accounts that are pursuing an investment strategy similar to our strategy, and we may compete with these and other entities managed by affiliates of the Adviser for capital and investment opportunities. As a result, those individuals at the Adviser
may face conflicts in the allocation of investment opportunities between us and other investment funds or accounts advised by principals of, or affiliated with, the Adviser. See Risk Factors Risks Related to
our Business and Structure There are significant potential conflicts of interest which could impact our investment returns; Our incentive fee may induce the
Adviser to pursue speculative investments and to use leverage when it may be unwise to do so; The compensation we will pay to the Adviser was not determined on an arm s-length basis. Thus, the terms of such compensation may be less advantageous to us than if such terms had been the subject of arm s-length 
negotiations; We may borrow money, which would magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. 
 Administration Agreement We intend to
enter into the Administration Agreement with the Administrator and Expense Reimbursement Agreement with the Adviser, pursuant to which the Administrator will be responsible for providing us with clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other
administrative services at such facilities. Pursuant to the Expense Reimbursement Agreement, we expect that we will pay the Adviser an amount equal to our allocable portion (subject to the review of our Board) of the Adviser s overhead
resulting from its obligations under the Expense Reimbursement Agreement, including the allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer and their respective staffs associated with performing compliance
functions. See Business - Description of Business Administration Agreement and Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and
Structure There are significant potential conflicts of interest which could impact our investment returns. 
 Promoters and Certain Control Persons 
 The Adviser may be deemed a promoter of the Fund. We will enter into the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser. The Adviser, for its services to
us, will be entitled to receive base management and incentive fees. In addition, under the Advisory Agreement, we expect, to the extent permitted by applicable law and in the discretion of our Board, to indemnify the Adviser and certain of its
affiliates. See Business - Description of Business Investment Management and Advisory Agreement. For information regarding the
independence of our directors, see Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Fund incurred the following fees for services provided by PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP,
including expenses: 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2016 

Audit Fees 

16,000 

Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

1,000 

All Other Fees 

Total Fees 

17,000 
 
 Audit Fees. Audit fees include fees for services that normally would be provided by the accountant
in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements and that generally only the independent accountant can provide. In addition to fees for the audit of our annual financial statements, the audit of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting and the review of our quarterly financial statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, this category contains fees for comfort letters, statutory audits, consents, and assistance with and
review of documents filed with the SEC. Audit Related Fees. Audit related fees are assurance related services that
traditionally are performed by the independent accountant, such as attest services that are not required by statute or regulation. Tax
Fees. Tax fees include services in conjunction with preparation of the Fund s tax return. All Other Fees. Fees
for other services would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above. It is the policy of the audit
committee to pre-approve all audit, review or attest engagements and permissible non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm.
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) Documents Filed as Part of this Report 
 The following financial statements are set forth in Item 8: 

Page 

Report of Registered Independent Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2016

F-3 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-4 
 
 (b) Exhibits The
following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation(1) 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment(1) 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement(2) 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws(2) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics(3) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended(3) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended(3) 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002(3) 

(1) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-55640) filed with the SEC on April 8, 2016. 

(2) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-55640) filed with the SEC on July 1, 2016. 

(3) 
 Filed Herewith. (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 No financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (1) such schedules are not required or (2) the information has been presented in the
aforementioned financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

I tem 16 
 Form 10-K Summary None.
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION 

Date: March 31, 2017 

By: 
 
 /s/ J. Brent Humphries 

J. Brent Humphries 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: March 31, 2017 

By: 
 
 /s/ J. Brent Humphries 

J. Brent Humphries 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Date: March 31, 2017 

By: 
 
 /s/ Wesley Raper 

Wesley Raper 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Date: March 31, 2017 

By: 
 
 /s/ Terry Sebastian 

Terry Sebastian 

Director 

Date: March 31, 2017 

By: 
 
 /s/ Matthew Bass 

Matthew Bass 

Director 

Date: March 31, 2017 

By: 
 
 /s/ Richard S. Pontin 

Richard S. Pontin 

Director 

Date: March 31, 2017 

By: 
 
 /s/ John G. Jordan 

John G. Jordan 

Director 
 
 77 

<EX-14.1>
 2
 d368968dex141.htm
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, N.Y. 10105 

AllianceBernstein L.P 
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

1. Introduction 

1 

2. The AB Fiduciary Culture 

2 

3. Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations 

2 

4. Conflicts of Interest / Unlawful Actions 

3 

5. Insider Trading 

4 

6. Personal Trading: Summary of Restrictions 

5 

7. Outside Directorships and Other Outside Activities and Interests 

6 

(a) Board Member or Trustee 

6 

(b) Other Affiliations 

7 

(c) Outside Financial or Business Interests 

8 

8. Gifts, Entertainment and Inducements 

8 

9. Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws 

9 

10. Political Contributions/Activities 

10 

(a) By or on behalf of AB 

10 

(b) By Employees 

10 

11. Ethical Wall Policy 

11 

12. Use of Client Relationships 

11 

13. Corporate Opportunities and Resources 

12 

14. Antitrust and Fair Dealing 

12 

15. Recordkeeping and Retention 

12 

16. Improper Influence on Conduct of Audits 

13 

17. Accuracy of Disclosure 

13 

18. Confidentiality 

14 

19. Protection and Proper Use of AB Assets 

14 

20. Policy on Intellectual Property 

15 

(a) Overview 

15 

(b) Employee Responsibilities 

15 

(c) Company Policies and Practices 

15 

21. Compliance Practices and Policies of Group Subsidiaries 

16 
 
 - i - 

22. Exceptions from the Code 

16 

23. Regulatory Inquiries, Investigations and Litigation 

17 

(a) Requests for Information 

17 

(b) Types of Inquiries 

17 

(c) Responding to Information Requests 

17 

(d) Use of Outside Counsel 

18 

(e) Regulatory Investigation 

18 

(f) Litigation 

18 

24. Compliance and Reporting of Misconduct / Whistleblower Protection 

18 

25. Company Ombudsman 

19 

26. Sanctions 

19 

27. Annual Certifications 

19 

PERSONAL TRADING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 

Appendix A 

1. Overview 

A-1 

(a) Introduction 

A-1 

(b) Definitions 

A-1 

2. Requirements and Restrictions All Employees 

A-4 

(a) General Standards 

A-4 

(b) Disclosure of Personal Accounts 

A-5 

(c) Designated Brokerage Accounts 

A-6 

(d) Pre-Clearance Requirement 

A-6 

(e) Limitation on the Number of Trades 

A-9 

(f) Short-Term Trading 

A-9 

(g) Short Sales 

A-10 

(h) Trading in AB Units and AB Open and Closed-End Mutual Funds 

A-10 

(i) Securities Being Considered for Purchase or Sale 

A-10 

(j) Restricted List 

A-12 

(k) Dissemination of Research Information 

A-12 

(l) Initial Public Offerings 

A-14 

(m) Limited Offerings/Private Placements 

A-14 
 
 - ii - 

3. Additional Restrictions Portfolio Managers 

A-15 

(a) Blackout Periods 

A-15 

(b) Actions During Blackout Periods 

A-15 

(c) Transactions Contrary to Client Positions 

A-15 

4. Additional Restrictions Research Analysts 

A-16 

(a) Blackout Periods 

A-16 

(b) Actions During Blackout Periods 

A-16 

(c) Actions Contrary to Ratings 

A-16 

5. Additional Restrictions Buy-Side Equity Traders 

A-17 

6. Additional Restrictions Alternate Investment Strategies Groups 

A-17 

7. Reporting Requirements 

A-17 

(a) Duplicate Confirmations and Account Statements 

A-17 

(b) Initial Holdings Reports by Employees 

A-18 

(c) Quarterly Reports by Employees 

A-18 

(d) Annual Holdings Reports by Employees 

A-19 

(e) Report /Certification of Adequacy to the Board of Directors of Fund Clients 

A-19 

(f) Report Representations 

A-20 

(g) Maintenance of Reports 

A-20 

8. Reporting Requirements for Directors who are not Employees 

A-20 

(a) Outside Directors / Affiliated Outside Directors 

A-20 

CODE CERTIFICATION FORM 

Annual Certification Form 

Last Page 

- iii - 

1. Introduction 
 This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code summarizes the values, principles and business practices that guide our
business conduct. The Code establishes a set of basic principles to guide all AB employees (including AB directors and consultants where applicable) regarding the minimum requirements which we are expected to meet. The Code applies to all of our
offices worldwide. It is not, however, intended to provide an exhaustive list of all the detailed internal policies and procedures, regulations and legal requirements that may apply to you as an AB employee and/or a representative of one of our
regulated subsidiaries. The Compliance Manual, available on the Legal and Compliance Department intranet site, contains the Firm s policies covering various legal and regulatory requirements. All AB employees are required to be read the
Compliance Manual, understand its content as it relates to their job function and duty to clients, and to abide by the policies contained therein. 
 All individuals subject to the provisions of this Code must conduct themselves in a manner consistent with the requirements and procedures set
forth herein. Adherence to the Code is a fundamental condition of service with us, any of our subsidiaries or joint venture entities, or our general partner (the AB Group ). 
 AllianceBernstein L.P. AB, we or us is a registered investment adviser and acts as investment manager or
adviser to registered investment companies, institutional investment clients, employee benefit trusts, high net worth individuals and other types of investment advisory clients. In this capacity, we serve as fiduciaries. The fiduciary relationship
mandates adherence to the highest standards of conduct and integrity. Personnel acting in a fiduciary capacity must carry out their duties
for the exclusive benefit of our clients. Consistent with this fiduciary duty, the interests of clients take priority over the personal investment objectives and other personal interests of AB personnel. Accordingly: 

Employees must work to mitigate or eliminate any conflict, or appearance of conflict, between the self-interest of any individual covered under the Code and his or her responsibility to our clients, or to AB and its
unitholders. 

Employees must never improperly use their position with AB for personal gain to themselves, their family or any other person. 
 The Code is intended to comply with Rule 17j-1 under the (U.S.) Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act which applies to us
because we serve as an investment adviser to registered investment companies. Rule 17j-1 specifically requires us to adopt a code of ethics that contains provisions reasonably necessary to prevent our access persons (as defined herein)
from engaging in fraudulent conduct, including insider trading. In addition, the Code is intended to comply with the provisions of the (U.S.) Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act ), including Rule 204A-1, which requires
registered investment advisers to adopt and enforce codes of ethics applicable to their supervised persons. Finally, the Code is intended to comply with Section 303A.10 of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE Listed Company Manual,
which applies to us because the units of AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. AllianceBernstein Holding are traded on the NYSE. 
 - 1 - 

Additionally, certain entities within the AB Group, such as Sanford C. Bernstein Co.,
LLC and Sanford C. Bernstein Limited, have adopted supplemental codes of ethics to address specific regulatory requirements applicable to them. All employees are obligated to determine if any of these codes are applicable to them, and abide by such
codes as appropriate. 2. The AB Fiduciary Culture 
 The primary objective of AB s business is to provide value, through investment advisory and other financial services, to a wide range of
clients, including governments, corporations, financial institutions, high net worth individuals and pension funds. AB requires that all
dealings with, and on behalf of existing and prospective clients be handled with honesty, integrity and high ethical standards, and that such dealings adhere to the letter and the spirit of applicable laws, regulations and contractual guidelines. As
a general matter, AB is a fiduciary that owes its clients a duty of undivided loyalty, and each employee has a responsibility to act in a manner consistent with this duty. 
 When dealing with or on behalf of a client, every employee must act solely in the best interests of that client. In addition, various
comprehensive statutory and regulatory structures such as the 1940 Act, the Advisers Act and ERISA, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, all impose specific responsibilities governing the behavior of personnel in carrying out their
responsibilities. AB and its employees must comply fully with these rules and regulations. Legal and Compliance Department personnel are available to assist employees in meeting these requirements. 
 All employees are expected to adhere to the high standards associated with our fiduciary duty, including care and loyalty to clients,
competency, diligence and thoroughness, and trust and accountability. Further, all employees must actively work to avoid the possibility that the advice or services we provide to clients is, or gives the appearance of being, based on the
self-interests of AB or its employees and not the clients best interests. Our fiduciary responsibilities apply to a broad range of
investment and related activities, including sales and marketing, portfolio management, securities trading, allocation of investment opportunities, client service, operations support, performance measurement and reporting, new product development as
well as your personal investing activities. These obligations include the duty to avoid material conflicts of interest (and, if this is not possible, to provide full and fair disclosure to clients in communications), to keep accurate books and
records, and to supervise personnel appropriately. These concepts are further described in the Sections that follow. 3. Compliance with Laws, Rules
and Regulations AB has a long-standing commitment to conduct its business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and in
accordance with the highest ethical principles. This commitment helps ensure our reputation for honesty, quality and integrity. All individuals subject to the Code are required to comply with all such laws and regulations. All U.S. employees, as
well as non-U.S. employees who act on behalf of U.S. clients or funds, are required to comply with the U.S. federal securities laws. These laws include, but are not limited to, the 1940 Act, the Advisers Act, ERISA, the Securities Act of 1933 Securities Act ), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, any rules adopted by the SEC under any of these statutes, the Bank Secrecy Act as it
applies to our activities, and 
 - 2 - 

any rules adopted thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), Department of the Treasury or the Department of Justice. As mentioned above, as a listed company, we are
also subject to specific rules promulgated by the NYSE. Similarly, our non-US affiliates are subject to additional laws and regulatory mandates in their respective jurisdictions, which must be fully complied with. 
 4. Conflicts of Interest / Unlawful Actions 
 A conflict of interest exists when a person s private interests may be contrary to the interests of AB s clients or to
the interests of AB or its unitholders. A conflict situation can arise when an AB employee takes actions or has interests (business,
financial or otherwise) that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may arise, for example, when an AB employee, or a member of his or her family, 1 receives improper personal benefits (including personal loans, services, or payment for services that the AB employee performs in the course of AB business) as a result of his or her position at AB,
or gains personal enrichment or benefits through access to confidential information. Conflicts may also arise when an AB employee, or a member of his or her family, holds a significant financial interest in a company that does an important amount of
business with AB or has outside business interests that may result in divided loyalties or compromise independent judgment. Moreover, conflicts may arise when making securities investments for personal accounts or when determining how to allocate
trading opportunities. Additional conflicts of interest are highlighted in the AB Policy and Procedures for Giving and Receiving Gifts and Entertainment , a copy of which can be found on the Legal and Compliance Department intranet site. 
 Conflicts of interest can arise in many common situations, despite one s best efforts to avoid them. This Code does not attempt to
identify all possible conflicts of interest. Literal compliance with each of the specific procedures will not shield you from liability for personal trading or other conduct that violates your fiduciary duties to our clients. AB employees are
encouraged to seek clarification of, and discuss questions about, potential conflicts of interest. If you have questions about a particular situation or become aware of a conflict or potential conflict, you should bring it to the attention of your
supervisor, the General Counsel, the Conflicts Officer, the Chief Compliance Officer or a representative of the Legal and Compliance Department or Human Capital. 
 In addition to the specific prohibitions contained in the Code, you are, of course, subject to a general requirement not to engage in any act
or practice that would defraud our clients. This general prohibition (which also applies specifically in connection with the purchase and sale of a Security held or to be acquired or sold, as this phrase is defined in the Appendix) includes: 

Making any untrue statement of a material fact or employing any device, scheme or artifice to defraud a client; 

Omitting to state (or failing to provide any information necessary to properly clarify any statements made, in light of the circumstances) a material fact, thereby creating a materially misleading impression;

1 
 For purposes of this section of the Code, unless otherwise specifically provided, (i) family means your spouse/domestic partner, parents, children, siblings, in-laws by marriage (i.e., mother, father,
son and/or daughter-in-law) and anyone who shares your home; and (ii) relative means your immediate family members and your first cousins. 
 - 3 - 

Accepting any compensation for the purchase or sale of any property to or for a fund or other client account; 

Making investment decisions, changes in research ratings and trading decisions other than exclusively for the benefit of, and in the best interest of, our clients; 

Using information about investment or trading decisions or changes in research ratings (whether considered, proposed or made) to benefit or avoid economic injury to you or anyone other than our clients;

Taking, delaying or omitting to take any action with respect to any research recommendation, report or rating or any investment or trading decision for a client in order to avoid economic injury to you or anyone other
than our clients; 

Purchasing or selling a security on the basis of knowledge of a possible trade by or for a client with the intent of personally profiting from personal holdings in the same or related securities front-running or scalping 

Revealing to any other person (except in the normal course of your duties on behalf of a client) any information regarding securities transactions by any client or the consideration by any client of any such securities
transactions; or 

Engaging in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit on a client or engaging in any manipulative practice with respect to any client. 
 5. Insider Trading There are instances
where AB employees may have confidential inside information about AB or its affiliates, or about a company with which we do business, or about a company in which we may invest on behalf of clients that is not known to the investing
public. AB employees must maintain the confidentiality of such information. If a reasonable investor would consider this information important in reaching an investment decision, the AB employee with this information must not buy or sell securities
of any of the companies in question or give this information to another person who trades in such securities. This rule is very important, and AB has adopted the following three specific policies that address it: Policy and Procedures Concerning
Purchases and Sales of AB Units , Policy and Procedures Concerning Purchases and Sales of AB Closed-End Mutual Funds , and Policy and Procedures Regarding Insider Trading and Control of Material Nonpublic Information (collectively,
the AB Insider Trading Policies ). A copy of the AB Insider Trading Policies may be found on the Legal and Compliance Department intranet site. All AB employees are required to be familiar with these policies 2 and to abide by them. 

2 
 The subject of insider trading will be covered in various Compliance training programs and materials. 
 - 4 - 

6. Personal Trading: Summary of Restrictions 
 AB recognizes the importance to its employees of being able to manage and develop their own and their dependents financial resources
through long-term investments and strategies. However, because of the potential conflicts of interest inherent in our business, our industry and AB have implemented certain standards and limitations designed to minimize these conflicts and help
ensure that we focus on meeting our duties as a fiduciary for our clients. As a general matter, AB discourages personal investments by employees in individual securities and encourages personal investments in managed collective vehicles, such as
mutual funds. AB senior management believes it is important for employees to align their own personal interests with the interests of our
clients. Consequently, employees are encouraged to invest in the mutual fund products and services offered by AB, where available and appropriate . 
 The policies and procedures for personal trading are set forth in full detail in the AB Personal Trading Policies and Procedures ,
included in the Code as Appendix A. The following is a summary of the major requirements and restrictions that apply to personal trading by employees, their immediate family members and other financial dependents: 

Employees must disclose all of their securities accounts to the Legal and Compliance Department; 

Employees may maintain securities accounts only at specified designated broker-dealers (exceptions may apply outside of the U.S.); 

Employees must pre-clear all securities trades with the Legal and Compliance Department (via the StarCompliance Code of Ethics application) prior to placing trades with their broker-dealer (prior supervisory approval is
required for portfolio managers, research analysts, traders, persons with access to AB research, and others designated by the Legal and Compliance Department); 

Employees may only make twenty trades in individual securities during any rolling thirty calendar-day period; 

Employee purchases of individual securities, ETFs, ETNs, and closed-end mutual funds (as well as AB managed open-end funds) are subject to a 60-day holding period (6 months for AB Japan Ltd.); 

Employees may not engage in short-term trading of a mutual fund in violation of that fund s short-term trading policies; 

Employees may not participate in initial public offerings; 

Employees must get written approval, and make certain representations, in order to participate in limited or private offerings; 

Employees must submit initial and annual holding reports, disclosing all securities and holdings in mutual funds managed by AB held in personal accounts; 

Employees must, on a quarterly basis, submit or confirm reports identifying all transactions in securities (and mutual funds managed by AB) in personal accounts; 

The Legal and Compliance Department has the authority to deny: 

a. 
 Any personal trade by an employee if the security is being considered for purchase or sale in a client account, there are open orders for the security on a trading desk, or the security appears on any AB restricted
list; 
 - 5 - 

b. 
 Any short sale by an employee for a personal account if the security is being held long in AB - managed portfolios; and 

c. 
 Any personal trade by a portfolio manager or research analyst in a security that is subject to a blackout period as a result of client portfolio trading or recommendations to clients. 

Separate requirements and restrictions apply to Directors who are not employees of AB, as explained in further detail in the AB Personal Trading Policies and Procedures , Appendix A of this document.
 This summary should not be considered a substitute for reading, understanding and complying with the detailed restrictions
and requirements that appear in the AB Personal Trading Policies and Procedures , included as Appendix A to the Code. 7. Outside Directorships
and Other Outside Activities and Interests Although activities outside of AB are not necessarily a conflict of interest, a conflict
may exist depending upon your position within AB and AB s relationship with the particular activity in question. Outside activities may also create a potential conflict of interest if they cause an AB employee to choose between that
interest and the interests of AB or any client of AB. AB recognizes that the guidelines in this Section are not applicable to directors of AB who do not also serve in management positions within AB. 
 
 Important Note for Research Analysts: Notwithstanding the standards and prohibitions that follow in this section,
any Employee who acts in the capacity of a research analyst is prohibited from serving on any board of directors or trustees or in any other capacity with respect to any company, public or private, whose business is directly or indirectly related to
the industry covered by that research analyst. 

(a) 
 Board Member or Trustee 

i. 
 No AB employee shall serve on any board of directors or trustees or in any other management capacity of any unaffiliated public company. 

ii. 
 No AB employee shall serve on any board of directors or trustees or in any other management capacity of any private company (other than not-for-profit organizations, see below without prior written approval from
the employee s supervisor and Compliance Department via an Outside Business Activities Approval Form . This approval is also subject to review by, and may require the approval of, AB s Chief Executive Officer. The decision as
to whether to grant such authorization will be based on a determination that such service would not be inconsistent with the interests of any client, as well as an analysis of the time commitment and potential personal liabilities and
responsibilities associated with the outside affiliation. 3 Any AB employee who serves as a director, trustee or in any other management capacity of any private company must resign that position
prior to the company becoming a publicly traded company . 

3 
 Such authorization requires an agreement on the part of the employee to not hold him or herself out as acting on behalf of AB (or any affiliate) and to use best efforts to ensure that AB s name (or that of any AB
affiliated company) is not used in connection with the proposed affiliation (other than in a bio section), and in particular, activities relating to fundraising or to the advancement of a specific entity mission or agenda.
 
 - 6 - 

iii. 
 Not-for-Profit Organizations : No approval is required to serve as a trustee/board member of not-for-profit organizations such as religious organizations, foundations, educational institutions, co-ops, private
clubs etc., provided that (a) the organization has not issued, and does not have future plans to issue, publicly held securities, including debt obligations; and/or (b) the employee does not act in any investment-related advisory capacity
(i.e., any direct or indirect role relating to investment advice or choosing investment advisers; serving on investment committee). 4 If the employee does act in such a capacity, or the
organization has issued or plans to issue, public securities, the Outside Business Activities Approval Form must be submitted and approved. 

iv. 
 This approval requirement applies regardless of whether an AB employee plans to serve as a director of an outside business organization (1) in a personal capacity or (2) as a representative of AB or of an
entity within the AB Group holding a corporate board seat on the outside organization (e.g., where AB or its clients may have a significant but non-controlling equity interest in the outside company). 

v. 
 New employees with pre-existing relationships are required to resign from the boards of public companies and seek and obtain the required approvals to continue to serve on the boards of private companies.

(b) 
 Other Affiliations AB discourages employees from committing to secondary employment,
particularly if it poses any conflict in meeting the employee s ability to satisfactorily meet all job requirements and business needs. Before an AB employee accepts a second job, that employee must : 

Complete and submit an Outside Business Activities Approval Form ; 

Ensure that AB s business takes priority over the secondary employment; 

Ensure that no conflict of interest exists between AB s business and the secondary employment (see also, footnote 3); and 

Require no special accommodation for late arrivals, early departures, or other special requests associated with the secondary employment. 
 For employees associated with any of AB s registered broker-dealer subsidiaries, written approval of the Chief Compliance Officer for the
subsidiary is also required. 5 New employees with pre-existing relationships are required to ensure that their affiliations conform to these restrictions, and must obtain the requisite approvals.
On a periodic basis, such employees will be required to confirm that the circumstances of the approved activities have not changed. 

4 
 Indeed, AB recognizes that its employees often engage in community service in their local communities and engage in a variety of charitable activities, and it commends such service. However, it is the duty of every AB
employee to ensure that all outside activities, even charitable or pro bono activities, do not constitute a conflict of interest or are not otherwise inconsistent with employment by AB. Accordingly, although no approval is required, each employee
must use his/her best efforts to ensure that the organization does not use the employee s affiliation with AllianceBernstein, including his/her corporate title, in any promotional (other than a bio section) or fundraising
activities, or to advance a specific mission or agenda of the entity . Such positions also must be reported to the firm pursuant to other periodic requests for information (e.g., the AB 10-K questionnaire). 

5 
 In the case of AB subsidiaries that are holding companies for consolidated subgroups, unless otherwise specified by the holding company s Chief Executive Officer, this approval may be granted by the Chief Executive
Officer or Chief Financial Officer of each subsidiary or business unit with such a consolidated subgroup. 
 - 7 - 

(c) 
 Outside Financial or Business Interests AB employees should be cautious with respect to
personal investments that may lead to conflicts of interest or raise the appearance of a conflict. Conflicts of interest in this context may arise in cases where an AB employee, a member of his or her family, or a close personal acquaintance, holds
a substantial interest in a company that has significant dealings with AB or any of its subsidiaries either on a recurring or one-off basis. For example, holding a substantial interest in a family-controlled or other privately-held
company that does business with, or competes against, AB or any of its subsidiaries may give rise to a conflict of interest or the appearance of a conflict. In contrast, holding shares in a widely-held public company that does business with AB from
time to time may not raise the same types of concerns. Prior to making any such personal investments, AB employees must pre-clear the transaction, in accordance with the Personal Trading Policies and Procedures , attached as Appendix A of this
Code, and should consult as appropriate with their supervisor, the Conflicts Officer, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer or other representative of the Legal and Compliance Department. 
 AB employees should also be cautious with respect to outside business interests that may create divided loyalties, divert substantial amounts
of their time and/or compromise their independent judgment. If a conflict of interest situation arises, you should report it to your supervisor, the Conflicts Officer, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and/or other representative of
AB s Human Capital or Legal and Compliance Department. Business transactions that benefit relatives or close personal friends, such as awarding a service contract to them or a company in which they have a controlling or other significant
interest, may also create a conflict of interest or the appearance of a conflict. AB employees must consult their supervisor and/or the Conflicts Officer, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer or other representative of AB s Human Capital
or Legal and Compliance Department before entering into any such transaction. New employees that have outside financial or business interests (as described herein) should report them as required and bring them to the attention of their supervisor
immediately. 8. Gifts, Entertainment and Inducements 
 Business gifts and entertainment are designed to build goodwill and sound working relationships among business partners. However, under certain
circumstances, gifts, entertainment, favors, benefits, and/or job offers may be attempts to purchase favorable treatment. Accepting or offering such inducements could raise doubts about an AB employee s ability to make independent
business judgments in our clients or AB s best interests. For example, a problem would arise if (i) the receipt by an AB employee of a gift, entertainment or other inducement would compromise, or could be reasonably viewed as
compromising, that individual s ability to make objective and fair business decisions on behalf of AB or its clients, or (ii) the offering by an AB employee of a gift, entertainment or other inducement appears to be an attempt to obtain
business through improper means or to gain any special advantage in our business relationships through improper means. These situations
can arise in many different circumstances (including with current or prospective suppliers and clients) and AB employees should keep in mind that certain types of inducements may constitute illegal bribes, pay-offs or kickbacks. In particular, the
rules of various securities regulators place specific constraints on the activities of persons involved in the sales and marketing of securities. AB has adopted the Policy and Procedures for Giving and Receiving Gifts and Entertainment 
to address these and other matters. AB Employees must familiarize 
 - 8 - 

themselves with this policy and comply with its requirements, which include reporting the acceptance of most business meals, gifts and entertainment to the Compliance Department. A copy of this
policy can be found on the Legal and Compliance Department intranet site, and will be supplied by the Compliance Department upon request. 
 Each AB employee must use good judgment to ensure there is no violation of these principles. If you have any question or uncertainty about
whether any gifts, entertainment or other type of inducements are appropriate, please contact your supervisor or a representative of AB s Legal and Compliance Department and/or the Conflicts Officer, as appropriate. If you feel uncomfortable
utilizing the normal channels, issues may be brought to the attention of the Company Ombudsman, who is an independent, informal and confidential resource for concerns about AB business matters that may implicate issues of ethics or questionable
practices. Please see Section 25 for additional information on the Company Ombudsman. 9. Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws 
 AB employees should be aware that AB strictly prohibits the acceptance, offer, payment or authorization, whether directly or via a third party,
of any bribe, and any other form of corruption, whether involving a government official or an employee of a public or private commercial entity. Therefore, it is the responsibility of all AB employees to adhere to all applicable anti-corruption laws
and regulations in the jurisdictions in which they do business, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar international laws regulating payments to public and private sector individuals
(collectively, the Anti-Corruption Laws ). We expect all AB employees to refuse to make or accept questionable and/or improper
payments. As a component of this commitment, no AB employee may give money, gifts, or anything else of value (which include providing jobs or internships) to any official or any employee of a governmental or commercial entity if doing so could
reasonably be construed as an attempt to provide AB with an improper business advantage. In addition, any proposed payment or gift to a government official, including employees of government-owned or controlled enterprises (e.g. sovereign wealth and
pension funds, public utilities, and national banks), must be reviewed in advance by a representative of the Legal and Compliance Department, even if such payment is common in the country of payment (see discussion of the Anti-Corruption Laws below
and in the firm s Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy ). AB employees should be aware that they do not actually have to make the payment to violate AB s policy and the law merely offering, promising or authorizing it
will be considered a violation. In order to ensure that AB fully complies with the requirements of the Anti-Corruption Laws, employees
must be familiar with the firm s Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy . Generally, the Anti-Corruption Laws make it illegal (with civil and criminal penalties) for AB, and its employees and agents, to provide anything of value to
public or private sector employees, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of obtaining an improper business advantage (which can include improperly securing government licenses and permits). Accordingly, the use of AB funds or assets (or those of
any third party) to make a payment directly or through another person or company for any illegal, improper and/or corrupt purpose is strictly prohibited. 
 It is often difficult to determine at what point a business courtesy extended to another person crosses the line into becoming excessive, and
what ultimately could be considered a bribe. Therefore, no entertainment or gifts may be offered to, or travel or hotel expenses paid for, any public official, including employees of government-owned or controlled enterprises, under any 
 
 - 9 - 

circumstances, without the express prior written approval (e-mail correspondence is acceptable) of the General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer, or their designees in the Legal and Compliance
Department. 10. Political Contributions/Activities 

(a) 
 By or on behalf of AB Election laws in many jurisdictions generally prohibit political
contributions by corporations to candidates. Many local laws also prohibit corporate contributions to local political campaigns. In accordance with these laws, AB does not make direct contributions to any candidates for national or local offices
where applicable laws make such contributions illegal. In these cases, contributions to political campaigns must not be, nor appear to be, made with or reimbursed by AB assets or resources. AB assets and resources include (but are not limited to) AB
facilities, personnel, office supplies, letterhead, telephones, electronic communication systems and fax machines. This means that AB office facilities may not be used to host receptions or other events for political candidates or parties which
include any fund raising activities or solicitations. In limited circumstances, AB office facilities may be used to host events for public office holders as a public service, but only where steps have been taken (such as not providing to the office
holder a list of attendees) to avoid the facilitation of fund raising solicitations either during or after the event, and where the event has been pre-approved in writing by the General Counsel or Deputy General Counsel. 
 Please see the Policy and Procedures for Giving and Receiving Gifts and Entertainment , which can be found on the Legal and Compliance
Department intranet site, for a discussion relating to political contributions suggested by clients. Election laws in many jurisdictions
allow corporations to establish and maintain political action or similar committees, which may lawfully make campaign contributions. AB or companies affiliated with AB may establish such committees or other mechanisms through which AB employees may
make political contributions, if permitted under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they operate. Any questions about this policy should be directed to the General Counsel or Chief Compliance Officer. 

(b) 
 By Employees AB employees who hold or seek to hold political office must do so on their
own time, whether through vacation, after work hours or on weekends. Additionally, the employee must notify the General Counsel or Chief Compliance Officer prior to running for political office to ensure that there are no conflicts of interest with
AB business. AB employees may make personal political contributions as they see fit in accordance with all applicable laws and the
guidelines in the Policy and Procedures for Giving and Receiving Gifts and Entertainment , as well as the pre-clearance requirement as described below. Certain employees involved with the offering or distribution of municipal fund
securities (e.g., a 529 Plan or acting as a director for certain subsidiaries, must also adhere to the restrictions and reporting requirements of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board. 
 Several (U.S.) states and localities have enacted pay-to-play laws. Some of these laws could prohibit AB from entering into a
government contract for a certain number of years if a 
 - 10 - 

covered employee makes or solicits a covered contribution. Other jurisdictions require AB to report contributions made by certain employees, without the accompanying ban on business. In certain
jurisdictions, the laws also cover the activities of the spouse and dependent children of the covered person. In response to these laws, in addition to SEC Rule 206(4)-5, which also prohibits certain political contributions, AB has in place a
pre-clearance requirement, under which all employees must pre-clear with the Compliance Department, all personal political contributions (including those of their spouses and dependent children) made to, or solicited on behalf of, any (U.S.) state
or local candidate or political party . 6 11. Ethical Wall Policy 
 AB has established a policy entitled Insider Trading and Control of Material Non-Public Information Ethical Wall Policy ), a
copy of which can be found on the Legal and Compliance Department intranet site. This policy was established to prevent the flow of material non-public information about a listed company or its securities from AB employees who receive such
information in the course of their employment to those AB employees performing investment management activities. If Ethical Walls are in place, AB s investment management activities may continue despite the knowledge of material
non-public information by other AB employees involved in different parts of AB s business. Investment management activities involve making, participating in, or obtaining information regarding purchases or sales of securities of
public companies or making, or obtaining information about, recommendations with respect to purchases or sales of such securities. Given AB s extensive investment management activities, it is very important for AB employees to familiarize
themselves with AB s Ethical Wall Policy and abide by it. 12. Use of Client Relationships 
 As discussed previously, AB owes fiduciary duties to each of our clients. These require that our actions with respect to client assets or
vendor relationships be based solely on the clients best interests and avoid any appearance of being based on our own self-interest. Therefore, we must avoid using client assets or relationships to inappropriately benefit AB. 
 Briefly, AB regularly acquires services directly for itself, and indirectly on behalf of its clients (e.g., brokerage, investment research,
custody, administration, auditing, accounting, printing and legal services). Using the existence of these relationships to obtain discounts or favorable pricing on items purchased directly for AB or for clients other than those paying for the
services may create conflicts of interest. Accordingly, business relationships maintained on behalf of our clients may not be used to leverage pricing for AB when acting for its own account unless all pricing discounts and arrangements are shared
ratably with those clients whose existing relationships were used to negotiate the arrangement and the arrangement is otherwise appropriate under relevant legal/regulatory guidelines. For example, when negotiating printing services for the
production of AB s Form 10-K and annual report, we may not ask the proposed vendor to consider the volume of printing business that they may get from AB on behalf of the investment funds we manage when proposing a price. On the other hand,
vendor/service provider relationships with AB may be used to leverage pricing on behalf of AB s clients. 

6 
 Please note that the requirement does not apply to contributions to federal candidates unless the federal candidate is a state or local official at the time (e.g., a state controller who is running for
Congress). 
 - 11 - 

In summary, while efforts made to leverage our buying power are good business, efforts to obtain
a benefit for AB as a result of vendor relationships that we structure or maintain on behalf of clients may create conflicts of interest, which should be escalated and addressed. 
 13. Corporate Opportunities and Resources 
 AB employees owe a duty to AB to advance the firm s legitimate interests when the opportunity to do so arises and to use corporate
resources exclusively for that purpose. Corporate opportunities and resources must not be taken or used for personal gain. AB Employees are prohibited from: 

Taking for themselves personally, opportunities that are discovered through the use of company property, information or their position; 

Using company property, information, resources or their company position for personal gain; and 

Competing with AB directly or indirectly. Please also refer to the Policy and Procedures
for Giving and Receiving Gifts and Entertainment , and its Appendix B, the Code of Conduct Regarding the Purchase of Products and Services on Behalf of AB and its Clients , which can be found on the Legal and Compliance Department intranet
site. 14. Antitrust and Fair Dealing 
 AB believes that the welfare of consumers is best served by economic competition. Our policy is to compete vigorously, aggressively and
successfully in today s increasingly competitive business climate and to do so at all times in compliance with all applicable antitrust, competition and fair dealing laws in all the markets in which we operate. We seek to excel while operating
honestly and ethically, never through taking unfair advantage of others. Each AB employee should endeavor to deal fairly with AB s customers, suppliers, competitors and other AB employees. No one should take unfair advantage through
manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any other unfair dealing practices. The
antitrust laws of many jurisdictions are designed to preserve a competitive economy and promote fair and vigorous competition. We are all required to comply with these laws and regulations. AB employees involved in marketing, sales and purchasing,
contracts or in discussions with competitors have a particular responsibility to ensure that they understand our standards and are familiar with applicable competition laws. Because these laws are complex and can vary from one jurisdiction to
another, AB employees are urged to seek advice from the General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer or Corporate Secretary if questions arise. Please also refer to the Policy and Procedures for Giving and Receiving Gifts and Entertainment ,
which can be found on the Legal and Compliance Department intranet site, for a discussion relating to some of these issues. 15. Recordkeeping and
Retention Properly maintaining and retaining company records is of the utmost importance. AB employees are responsible for ensuring
that AB s business records are properly maintained and retained in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where it operates. AB Employees should familiarize themselves with these laws and regulations. Please see
the Record Retention Policy on the Legal and Compliance intranet site for more information. 
 - 12 - 

16. Improper Influence on Conduct of Audits 
 AB employees, and persons acting under their direction, are prohibited from taking any action to coerce, manipulate, mislead, hinder, obstruct
or fraudulently influence any external auditor, internal auditor or regulator engaged in the performance of an audit or review of AB s financial statements and/or procedures. AB employees are required to cooperate fully with any such audit or
review. The following is a non-exhaustive list of actions that might constitute improper influence: 

Offering or paying bribes or other financial incentives to an auditor, including offering future employment or contracts for audit or non-audit services; 

Knowingly providing an internal or external auditor or regulator with inaccurate or misleading data or information; 

Threatening to cancel or canceling existing non-audit or audit engagements if the auditor objects to the company s accounting; 

Seeking to have a partner or other team member removed from the audit engagement because such person objects to the company s accounting; 

Knowingly altering, tampering or destroying company documents; 

Knowingly withholding pertinent information; or 

Knowingly providing incomplete information. Under Sarbanes Oxley Law any false statement
 that is, any lie or attempt to deceive an investigator may result in criminal prosecution. 17. Accuracy of Disclosure 
 Securities and other laws impose public disclosure requirements on AB and require it to regularly file reports, financial information and make
other submissions to various regulators and stock market authorities around the globe. Such reports and submissions must comply with all applicable legal requirements and may not contain misstatements or omit material facts. 
 AB employees who are directly or indirectly involved in preparing such reports and submissions, or who regularly communicate with the press,
investors and analysts concerning AB, must ensure within the scope of the employee s job activities that such reports, submissions and communications are (i) full, fair, timely, accurate and understandable, and (ii) meet applicable
legal requirements. This applies to all public disclosures, oral statements, visual presentations, press conferences and media calls concerning AB, its financial performance and similar matters. In addition, members of AB s Board, executive
officers and AB employees who regularly communicate with analysts or actual or potential investors in AB securities are subject to the AB Regulation FD Compliance Policy . A copy of the policy can be found on the Legal and Compliance
Department intranet site. 
 - 13 - 

18. Confidentiality 
 Subject to Section 24, AB employees must maintain the confidentiality of sensitive non-public and other confidential information entrusted
to them by AB or its clients and vendors and must not disclose such information to any persons except when disclosure is authorized by AB or mandated by regulation or law. However, disclosure may be made to (1) other AB employees who have a
bona-fide need to know in connection with their duties, (2) persons outside AB (such as attorneys, accountants or other advisers) who need to know in connection with a specific mandate or engagement from AB or who otherwise have a
valid business or legal reason for receiving it and have executed appropriate confidentiality agreements, or (3) regulators pursuant to an appropriate written request (see Section 23). 
 Confidential information includes all non-public information that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to AB or our clients and vendors,
if disclosed. The identity of certain clients may be confidential, as well. Intellectual property (such as confidential product information, trade secrets, patents, trademarks, and copyrights), business, marketing and service plans, databases,
records, salary information, unpublished financial data and reports as well as information that joint venture partners, suppliers or customers have entrusted to us are also viewed as confidential information. Please note that the obligation to
preserve confidential information continues even after employment with AB ends. To safeguard confidential information, AB employees should
observe at least the following procedures: 

Special confidentiality arrangements may be required for certain parties, including outside business associates and governmental agencies and trade associations, seeking access to confidential information;

Papers relating to non-public matters should be appropriately safeguarded; 

Appropriate controls for the reception and oversight of visitors to sensitive areas should be implemented and maintained; 

Document control procedures, such as numbering counterparts and recording their distribution, should be used where appropriate; 

If an AB employee is out of the office in connection with a material non-public transaction, staff members should use caution in disclosing the AB employee s location; 

Sensitive business conversations, whether in person or on the telephone, should be avoided in public places and care should be taken when using portable computers and similar devices in public places; and

E-mail messages and attachments containing material non-public information should be treated with similar discretion (including encryption, if appropriate) and recipients should be made aware of the need to exercise
similar discretion. Please see the Privacy Policy on the Legal and Compliance intranet site for more
information. 19. Protection and Proper Use of AB Assets 
 AB employees have a responsibility for safeguarding and making proper and efficient use of AB s property. Every AB employee also has an
obligation to protect AB s property from loss, fraud, 
 - 14 - 

damage, misuse, theft, embezzlement or destruction. Acts of fraud, theft, loss, misuse, carelessness and waste of assets may have a direct impact on AB s profitability. Any situations or
incidents that could lead to the theft, loss, fraudulent or other misuse or waste of AB property should be reported to your supervisor or a representative of AB s Human Capital or Legal and Compliance Department as soon as they come to an
employee s attention. Should an employee feel uncomfortable utilizing the normal channels, issues may be brought to the attention of the Company Ombudsman, who is an independent, informal and confidential resource for concerns about AB business
matters that may implicate issues of ethics or questionable practices. Please see Section 25 for additional information on the Company Ombudsman. 
 20. Policy on Intellectual Property 

(a) 
 Overview Ideas, inventions, discoveries and other forms of so-called intellectual
property are becoming increasingly important to all businesses, including ours. Recently, financial services companies have been applying for and obtaining patents on their financial product offerings and business methods for both
offensive and defensive purposes. For example, business method patents have been obtained for information processing systems, data gathering and processing systems, billing and collection systems, tax strategies, asset allocation strategies and
various other financial systems and strategies. The primary goals of the AB policy on intellectual property are to preserve our ability to use our own proprietary business methods, protect our IP investments and reduce potential risks and
liabilities. 

(b) 
 Employee Responsibilities 

New Products and Methods . Employees must maintain detailed records and all work papers related to the development of new products and methods in a safe and secure location. 

Trademarks . Clearance must be obtained from the Legal and Compliance Department before any new word, phrase or slogan, which we consider proprietary and in need of trademark protection, is adopted or used in any
written materials. To obtain clearance, the proposed word, phrase or slogan and a brief description of the products or services for which it is intended to be used should be communicated to the Legal and Compliance Department sufficiently well in
advance of any actual use in order to permit any necessary clearance investigation. 

(c) 
 Company Policies and Practices 

Ownership . Employees acknowledge that any discoveries, inventions, or improvements (collectively, Inventions made or conceived by them in connection with, and during the course of, their employment
belong, and automatically are assigned, to AB. AB can keep any such Inventions as trade secrets or include them in patent applications, and Employees will assist AB in doing so. Employees agree to take any action requested by AB, including the
execution of appropriate agreements and forms of assignment, to evidence the ownership by AB of any such Invention. 
 - 15 - 

Use of Third Party Materials . In performing one s work for, or on behalf of AB, Employees will not knowingly disclose or otherwise make available, or incorporate anything that is proprietary to a third party
without obtaining appropriate permission. 

Potential Infringements . Any concern regarding copyright, trademark, or patent infringement should be immediately communicated to the Legal and Compliance Department. Questions of infringement by AB will be
investigated and resolved as promptly as possible. By certifying in accordance with Section 27 of this Code, the
individual subject to this Code agrees to comply with AB s policies and practices related to intellectual property as described in this Section 20. 
 21. Compliance Practices and Policies of Group Subsidiaries 
 AXA, a worldwide leader in financial protection strategies and wealth management, owns a majority economic interest in AB and as a result AB is
considered an AXA Group company. Despite being an AXA Group company, AB operates autonomously and has adopted its own compliance policies
adapted to its specific businesses and to the specific legal, regulatory and ethical environments in the countries where it does business, which AXA encourages for all its companies as a matter of best practices. 
 However, the AXA Group has adopted a Group Compliance and Ethics Guide , and AXA Financial has put forth a Policy Statement
on Ethics , to which AXA Group companies must adhere. In addition, AXA has promulgated a Group Standards Handbook . AB employees are expected to become familiar with the requirements articulated in these documents, which can be
found on the Legal and Compliance Department intranet site. 22. Exceptions from the Code 
 In addition to the exceptions contained within the specific provisions of the Code, the General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer (or his or
her designee) may, in very limited circumstances, grant other exceptions under any Section of this Code on a case-by-case basis, under the following procedures: 

(a) 
 Written Statement and Supporting Documentation The individual seeking the exception
furnishes to the Chief Compliance Officer, as applicable: 

(1) 
 A written statement detailing the efforts made to comply with the requirement from which the individual seeks an exception; 

(2) 
 A written statement containing a representation and warranty that (i) compliance with the requirement would impose a severe undue hardship on the individual and (ii) the exception would not, in any manner or
degree, harm or defraud a client, violate the general principles herein or compromise the individual s or AB s fiduciary duty to any client; and/or 

(3) 
 Any supporting documentation that the Chief Compliance Officer may require. 
 - 16 - 

(b) 
 Compliance Interview The Chief Compliance Officer (or designee) will conduct an
interview with the individual or take such other steps deemed appropriate in order to determine that granting the exception will not, in any manner or degree, harm or defraud a client, violate the general principles herein or compromise the
individual s or AB s fiduciary duty to any client; and will maintain all written statements and supporting documentation, as well as documentation of the basis for granting the exception. 
 PLEASE NOTE: To the extent required by law or NYSE rule, any waiver or amendment of this Code for AB s executive officers (including
AB s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer) or directors shall be made at the discretion of the Board of AllianceBernstein Corporation and promptly disclosed to the unitholders of AllianceBernstein
Holding pursuant to Section 303A.10 of the NYSE Exchange Listed Company Manual. 23. Regulatory Inquiries, Investigations and Litigation 

(a) 
 Requests for Information Governmental agencies and regulatory organizations may from
time to time conduct surveys or make inquiries that request information about AB, its customers or others that generally would be considered confidential or proprietary. 
 All regulatory inquiries concerning AB are to be handled by the Chief Compliance Officer or General Counsel. Employees receiving such
inquiries should refer such matters immediately to the Legal and Compliance Department. 

(b) 
 Types of Inquiries Regulatory inquiries may be received by mail, e-mail, telephone or
personal visit. In the case of a personal visit, demand may be made for the immediate production or inspection of documents. While any telephone or personal inquiry should be handled in a courteous manner, the caller or visitor should be informed
that responses to such requests are the responsibility of AB s Legal and Compliance Department. Therefore, the visitor should be asked to wait briefly while a call is made to the Chief Compliance Officer or General Counsel for guidance on how
to proceed. In the case of a telephone inquiry, the caller should be referred to the Chief Compliance Officer or General Counsel or informed that his/her call will be promptly returned. Letter or e-mail inquiries should be forwarded promptly to the
Chief Compliance Officer or General Counsel, who will provide an appropriate response. 

(c) 
 Responding to Information Requests Subject to Section 24, under no circumstances
should any documents or material be released without prior approval of the Chief Compliance Officer or General Counsel. Likewise, no employee should have substantive discussions with any regulatory personnel without prior consultation with either of
these individuals. 
 - 17 - 

(d) 
 Use of Outside Counsel It is the responsibility of the Chief Compliance Officer or
General Counsel to inform AB s outside counsel in those instances deemed appropriate and necessary. 

(e) 
 Regulatory Investigation Any employee that is notified that they are the subject of a
regulatory investigation, whether in connection with his or her activities at AB or at a previous employer, must immediately notify the Chief Compliance Officer or General Counsel. 

(f) 
 Litigation Any receipt of service or other notification of a pending or threatened
action against the firm should be brought to the immediate attention of the General Counsel or Chief Compliance Officer. These individuals also should be informed of any instance in which an employee is sued in a matter involving his/her activities
on behalf of AB. Notice also should be given to either of these individuals upon receipt of a subpoena for information from AB relating to any matter in litigation or receipt of a garnishment lien or judgment against the firm or any of its clients
or employees. The General Counsel or Chief Compliance Officer will determine the appropriate response. 24. Compliance and Reporting of
Misconduct/ Whistleblower Protection No Code can address all specific situations. Accordingly, each AB employee is
responsible for applying the principles set forth in this Code in a responsible fashion and with the exercise of good judgment and common sense. Whenever uncertainty arises, an AB employee should seek guidance from an appropriate supervisor or a
representative of Human Capital or the Legal and Compliance Department before proceeding . All AB employees should promptly report any
practices or actions the employee believes to be inappropriate or inconsistent with any provisions of this Code. In addition all employees must promptly report any actual violations of the Code to the General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer
or a designee. Any person reporting a violation in good faith will be protected against reprisals. If you feel uncomfortable
utilizing the formal channels, issues may be brought to the attention of the Company Ombudsman, who is an independent, informal and confidential resource for concerns about AB business matters that may implicate issues of ethics or questionable
practices. Please see Section 25 for additional information on the Company Ombudsman. Nothing herein, or in any contractual
confidentiality provision to which any employee is subject, prohibits employees from reporting possible violations of law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, or self-regulatory authority, or from making other disclosures that are
protected under the whistleblower provisions of state or federal law or regulation. Employees do not need AB s prior authorization to make any such reports or disclosures and are not required to notify AB that they have made such reports or
disclosures. 
 - 18 - 

25. Company Ombudsman 
 AB s Company Ombudsman provides a neutral, confidential, informal and independent communications channel where any AB employee can obtain
assistance in surfacing and resolving work-related issues. The primary purpose of the Ombudsman is to help AB: 

Safeguard its reputation and financial, human and other company assets; 

Maintain an ethical and fiduciary culture; 

Demonstrate and achieve its commitment to doing the right thing; and 

Comply with relevant provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines, as well as AB s 2003 SEC Order, New York Stock Exchange Rule 303A.10 and other laws, regulations and policies.
 The Ombudsman seeks to provide early warnings and to identify changes that will prevent malfeasance and workplace issues
from becoming significant or recurring. The Ombudsman has a reporting relationship to the AB CEO, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of AllianceBernstein Corporation and independent directors of AB s U.S. mutual fund boards. 
 Any type of work-related issue may be brought to the Ombudsman, including potential or actual financial malfeasance, security matters,
inappropriate business practices, compliance issues, unethical behavior, violations of law, health and safety issues, and employee relations issues. The Ombudsman supplements, but does not replace existing formal channels such as Human Capital,
Legal and Compliance, Internal Audit and line management. 26. Sanctions 
 Upon learning of a violation of this Code, any member of the AB Group, with the advice of the General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and/or
the AB Code of Ethics Oversight Committee, may impose such sanctions as such member deems appropriate, including, among other things, restitution, censure, suspension or termination of service. Persons subject to this Code who fail to comply with it
may also be violating the U.S. federal securities laws or other federal, state or local laws within their particular jurisdictions. 27. Annual
Certifications Each person subject to this Code must certify at least annually to the Chief Compliance Officer that he or she has read
and understands the Code, recognizes that he or she is subject hereto and has complied with its provisions and disclosed or reported all personal securities transactions and other items required to be disclosed or reported under the Code. The Chief
Compliance Officer may require interim certifications for significant changes to the Code. 
 - 19 - 

APPENDIX A 
 ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P. 
 PERSONAL TRADING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 
 1. Overview 

(a) 
 Introduction AB recognizes the importance to its employees of being able to manage and
develop their own and their dependents financial resources through long-term investments and strategies. However, because of the potential conflicts of interest inherent in our business, our industry and AB have implemented certain standards
and limitations designed to minimize these conflicts and help ensure that we focus on meeting our duties as a fiduciary for our clients. Employees should be aware that their ability to liquidate positions may be severely restricted under these
policies, including during times of market volatility . Therefore, as a general matter, AB discourages personal investments by employees in individual securities and encourages personal investments in managed collective vehicles, such as mutual
funds. AB senior management believes it is important for employees to align their own personal interests with the interests of our
clients. Consequently, employees are encouraged to invest in the mutual fund products and services offered by AB, where available and appropriate . 

(b) 
 Definitions The following definitions apply for purposes of this Appendix A of the
Code; however additional definitions are contained in the text itself. 1 

1. 
 AllianceBernstein or AB mean AllianceBernstein L.P., its subsidiaries and its joint venture entities. 

2. 
 Beneficial Ownership is interpreted in the same manner as in determining whether a person is subject to the provisions of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange
Act ), Rule 16a-1 and the other rules and regulations thereunder and includes ownership by any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares a direct or indirect
pecuniary interest in a Security. For example, an individual has an indirect pecuniary interest in any Security owned by the individual s spouse. Beneficial Ownership also includes, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement,
understanding, relationship, or otherwise, having or sharing voting power or investment power, as those terms are used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 thereunder. 

1 
 Due to the importance that AB places on promoting responsible personal trading, we have applied the definition of access person, as used in Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers
Act, and related requirements to all AB employees and officers. We have drafted special provisions for directors of AB who are not also employees of AB. 
 A-1 

3. 
 Client means any person or entity, including an investment company, for which AB serves as investment manager or adviser. 

4. 
 Chief Compliance Officer refers to AB s Chief Compliance Officer. 

5. 
 Code of Ethics Oversight Committee refers to the committee of AB s senior officers that is responsible for monitoring compliance with the Code. 

6. 
 Conflicts Officer refers to AB s Conflicts Officer, who reports to the Chief Compliance Officer. 

7. 
 Control has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(9) of the 1940 Act. 

8. 
 Director means any person who serves in the capacity of a director of AllianceBernstein Corporation. Affiliated Outside Director means any Director who is not an Employee (as
defined below) but who is an employee of an entity affiliated with AB. Outside Director means any Director who is neither an Employee (as defined below) nor an employee of an entity affiliated with AB. 

9. 
 Employee refers to any person who is an employee or officer of AB, including part-time employees and consultants (acting in the capacity of a portfolio manager, trader or research analyst, or others
at the discretion of the Compliance Department) under the Control of AB. 

10. 
 Initial Public Offering means an offering of Securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act ), the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not
subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as well as similar offerings of Securities issued outside the United States. 

11. 
 Investment Personnel refers to: 

a. 
 Any Employee who acts in the capacity of a portfolio manager, research analyst or trader or any other capacity (such as an assistant to one of the foregoing) and in connection with his or her regular duties makes or
participates in making, or is in a position to be aware of, recommendations regarding the purchase or sale of securities by a Client; 

b. 
 Any Employee who receives or has access to AB equity research or Bernstein Research via Outlook distribution, Factset, Bloomberg, Research Wire or other medium/platform; 

c. 
 Any other Employee designated as such by the Legal and Compliance Department; or 

d. 
 Any natural person who Controls AB and who obtains information concerning recommendations made to a Client regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Client. 
 A-2 

12. 
 Limited Offering means an offering that is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act pursuant to Sections 4(2) or 4(6) thereof or pursuant to Rules 504, 505 or 506 under the 1933 Act, as well as
similarly exempted offerings of Securities issued outside the United States. Investments in hedge funds are typically sold in a limited offering setting. 

13. 
 Ombudsman means the Company Ombudsman of AB, or any of his/her staff members. 

14. 
 Personal Account refers to any account (including, without limitation, a custody account, safekeeping account and an account maintained by an entity that may act in a brokerage or a principal
capacity) in which any type of Security (as defined in Section 2(a)(36) of the Investment Company Act of 1940) may be traded or custodied, and in which an Employee has any Beneficial Ownership, and any such account maintained by or for a
financial dependent of an Employee. For example, this definition includes Personal Accounts of: 

a. 
 An Employee s spouse/domestic partner (of same or opposite gender), including a legally separated or divorced spouse who is a financial dependent; 

b. 
 Financial dependents of an Employee, including both those residing with the Employee and those not residing with the Employee, such as financially dependent children away at college; and 

c. 
 Any person or entity for which the Employee acts as a fiduciary (e.g., acting as a Trustee) or who has given investment discretion to the Employee, other than accounts over which the employee has discretion as a result
of his or her responsibilities at AB. Personal Accounts include any account meeting the above definition even if the
Employee has given discretion over the account to someone else. 

15. 
 Purchase or Sale of a Security includes, among other transactions, the writing or purchase of an option to sell a Security and any short sale of a Security. 

16. 
 Security has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(36) of the Investment Company Act and includes any derivative thereof, commodities, options or forward contracts, except that it shall not
include: 

a. 
 Securities issued by the government of the United States; 

b. 
 Short-term debt securities that are government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act; 

c. 
 Shares issued by money market funds; 

d. 
 Shares issued by open-end mutual funds, other than Exchange-Traded Funds ETFs ), and mutual funds managed by AB ; and 

e. 
 Bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper, high quality short-term debt instruments and such other instruments as may be designated from time to time by the Chief Compliance Officer.
 
 A-3 

IMPORTANT NOTE: Exchange-Traded Funds are covered under this definition of Security, and
therefore are subject to the governing rules. (See exceptions in Sections 2(d)(ii) and 2(e)(ii) of this Appendix.) 

17. 
 A Security is Being Considered for Purchase or Sale when: 

a. 
 An AB Growth research analyst issues research information regarding initial coverage of, or changing a rating with respect to, a Security; 

b. 
 A portfolio manager has indicated his or her intention to purchase or sell a Security; or 

c. 
 An open order 2 in the Security exists on any buy-side trading desk. 
 This is not an exhaustive list. At the discretion of the Legal and Compliance Department, a Security may be deemed Being Considered
for Purchase or Sale even if none of the above events have occurred, particularly if a portfolio manager is contemplating the purchase or sale of that Security, as evidenced by e-mails or the manager s preparation of, or request for,
research. 

18. 
 Security held or to be acquired or sold means: 

a. 
 Any Security which, within the most recent 15 days (i) is or has been held by a Client in an AB-managed account or (ii) is being or has been considered by AB for purchase or sale for the Client; and/or

b. 
 Any option to purchase or sell, and any Security convertible into or exchangeable for, a Security. 

19. 
 StarCompliance Code of Ethics application means the web-based application used to electronically pre-clear personal securities transactions and file many of the reports required herein. The
application can be accessed via the AB network at: https://alliance-ng.starcompliance.com/ . 

20. 
 Subsidiary refers to entities with respect to which AB, directly or indirectly, through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise has the power to direct or cause the direction of
management or policies of such entity. 2. Requirements and Restrictions All Employees 
 The following are the details of the standards which must be observed: 

(a) 
 General Standards Employees have an obligation to conduct their personal investing
activities and related Securities transactions lawfully and in a manner that avoids actual or potential conflicts 

2 
 Defined as any client order on a Growth trading desk which has not been completely executed, as well as any
 significant open Value client orders, or Value priority purchases or sales, as those terms are defined by the applicable Value SBU CIO. 
 A-4 

between their own interests and the interests of AB and its clients. Employees must carefully consider the nature of their AB responsibilities - and the type of information that he or she might
be deemed to possess in light of any particular securities transaction - before engaging in any investment-related activity or transaction. 

i. 
 Material Nonpublic Information : Employees in possession of material nonpublic information about or affecting Securities, or their issuer, are prohibited from buying or selling such Securities, or advising any
other person to buy or sell such Securities. Similarly, they may not disclose such information to anyone without the permission of the General Counsel or Chief Compliance Officer. Please see the AB Insider Trading Policies , which can
be found on the Legal and Compliance Department intranet site. 

ii. 
 Short-Term Trading : Employees are encouraged to adopt long-term investment strategies (see Section 2(f) for applicable holding period for individual securities). Similarly, purchases of shares of most mutual
funds should be made for investment purposes. Employees are therefore prohibited from engaging in transactions in a mutual fund that are in violation of the fund s prospectus, including any applicable short-term trading or market-timing
prohibitions. With respect to the AB funds, Employees are prohibited from short-term trading, and may not effect a
purchase and redemption, regardless of size, in and out of the same mutual fund within any sixty (60) day period. 3 

iii. 
 Personal Responsibility : It is the responsibility of each Employee to ensure that all Securities transactions in Personal Accounts are made in strict compliance with the restrictions and procedures in the Code
and this Appendix A, and otherwise comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 

iv. 
 Affiliated Directors and Outside Directors : The personal trading restrictions of Appendix A of the Code do not apply to any Affiliated Director or Outside Director, provided that at the time of the
transaction, he or she has no actual knowledge that the Security involved is Being Considered for Purchase or Sale . Affiliated Directors and Outside Directors, however, are subject to reporting requirements as described in
Section 8 below. 

(b) 
 Disclosure of Personal Accounts All Employees must disclose their Personal Accounts to
the Compliance Department (and take all necessary actions to close any accounts held with non-designated brokers, see next section). It is each Employee s responsibility to ensure that the Compliance Department is appropriately notified of all
accounts and to direct the broker to provide the Compliance Department with electronic and/or paper brokerage transaction confirmations and account statements (and verify that it has been done). Do not assume that the broker-dealer will
automatically arrange for this information to be set up and forwarded correctly. 

3 
 These restrictions shall not apply to investments in mutual funds through professionally managed asset allocation programs; automatic reinvestment programs; automatic investments through 401(k) and similar retirement
accounts; and any other non-volitional investment vehicles. These restrictions also do not apply to transactions in money market funds and other short duration funds used as checking accounts or for similar cash management purposes.
 
 A-5 

(c) 
 Designated Brokerage Accounts Personal Accounts of an Employee that are maintained as
brokerage accounts must be held only at the following approved designated broker-dealers (each a Designated Broker ): 4 

Charles Schwab; 

Credit Suisse Securities - Private Banking USA Group; 

E TRADE Financial; 

Goldman, Sachs Co. - Private Wealth Management (account minimums apply); 

Merrill Lynch; and/or 

Sanford C. Bernstein Co., LLC 5 
 Under limited circumstances, the Compliance Department may grant exceptions to this policy and approve the use of other broker-dealers or
custodians (such as in the case of proprietary products that can only be held at specific firms). In addition, the Chief Compliance Officer may in the future modify this list. 
 All Securities in which an Employee has any Beneficial Ownership must be held in Personal Accounts and maintained in accordance with the
Designated Broker requirements described above (except that shares of open-end mutual funds may be held directly with the investment company). Additionally, Employees may effect Securities transactions only in Personal Accounts (or directly through
a mutual fund s transfer agent). In limited circumstances, the Chief Compliance Officer, or his designee, may grant an exception to these requirements (see Section 22 of the Code). This requirement applies to all types of Securities and
personal Securities transactions including, for example, Securities issued in a Limited Offering or other direct investments. 

(d) 
 Pre-Clearance Requirement 

i. 
 Subject to the exceptions specified below, an Employee may not purchase or sell, directly or indirectly, any Security please note the limited pre-clearance requirement related to AB mutual funds in Section 2(h)
below in which the Employee has (or after such transaction would have) any Beneficial Ownership unless the Employee obtains the prior approval from the Compliance Department and, in the case of Investment Personnel, the head of the business
unit (or a designated manager) in 

4 
 Exceptions may apply in certain non-U.S. locations. Please consult with your local compliance officer. 

5 
 Non-discretionary accounts at Sanford C. Bernstein Co., LLC. may only be used for the following purposes: 
 (a) Custody of securities and related activities (such as receiving and delivering positions, corporate actions, and subscribing to offerings
commonly handled by operations such as State of Israel bonds, etc.); (b) Transacting in US Treasury securities; and (c) Transacting in AB products outside of a private client relationship (such as hedge funds, AB and SCB mutual funds, and
CollegeBound fund accounts). All equity and fixed income (other than US Treasuries) transactions are prohibited. 
 A-6 

which the Employee works . 6 Pre-clearance requests must be made on the date of the contemplated transaction, through the use of
the appropriate pre-clearance form, which can be accessed via the StarCompliance Code of Ethics application at https://alliance-ng.starcompliance.com/ . These requests will document (a) the details of the proposed transaction and
(b) representations as to compliance with the personal trading restrictions of this Code. Pre-Clearance requests
will generally be acted on by the automated pre-clearance system only between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 3:30 p.m. (New York time). The Legal and Compliance Department (including via its electronic pre-clearance utility) will review the request
to determine if the proposed transaction complies with the Code, whether that security is restricted for AB personnel, and if appropriate, contact the appropriate supervisor (or a person designated by the supervisor) to determine whether the
proposed transaction raises any potential conflicts of interest or other issues. The Compliance Department will communicate to the requesting Employee its approval or denial of the proposed transaction, either in writing (e-mail) or orally. In North
America, any approval given under this paragraph will remain in effect only until the end of the trading day on which the approval was granted. For employees in offices outside North America, such approval will remain in effect for the following
business day as well. Good-until-cancel limit orders are not permitted without daily requests for pre-clearance approval. Employees must wait for Compliance Department approval before placing the order with their broker. 
 The Legal and Compliance Department will maintain an electronic log of all pre-clearance requests and indicate the approval or denial of the
request in the log. PLEASE NOTE: When a Security is Being Considered for Purchase or Sale for a Client (see Section 2(i) below) or
is being purchased or sold for a Client following the approval on the same day of a personal trading request form for the same Security, the Legal and Compliance Department is authorized to cancel the personal order if (a) it has not been
executed and the order exceeds a market value of 50,000 or (b) the Legal and Compliance Department determines, after consulting with the trading desk and the appropriate business unit head (if available), that the order, based on market
conditions, liquidity and other relevant factors, could have an adverse impact on a Client or on a Client s ability to purchase or sell the Security or other Securities of the issuer involved. 

ii. 
 Exceptions: The pre-clearance requirements do not apply to 7 : 

a. 
 Non-Volitional Transactions, including : 

Transactions in a Personal Account over which the Employee has no direct or indirect influence or control (i.e., managed for an Employee on a discretionary basis by a third person or entity, when the Employee does not
discuss any specific transactions for the account with the third-party manager); 

6 
 For purposes of the pre-clearance requirement, all employees in the Value SBU are considered Investment Personnel, and are therefore required to have all of their trades pre-approved by the head of their respective
departments (or a designee). 

7 
 Additional Securities may be exempted from the pre-clearance requirement if, in the opinion of the Chief Compliance Officer, no conflict of interest could arise from personal trades in such Security. 
 A-7 

The receipt of any Security received as part of an Employee s compensation (although any subsequent sales must be pre-cleared); 

Any Securities transaction effected in an Employee s Personal Account pursuant to an automatic investment plan, which means a program in which regular periodic purchases (or withdrawals) are made automatically in
(or from) a Personal Account in accordance with a predetermined schedule and allocation, and includes dividend reinvestment plans. Additional purchases and sales that are not automatic, however, are subject to the pre-clearance requirement.
 The Legal and Compliance Department may request an Employee to certify as to the non-volitional nature of these
transactions. 

b. 
 Exercise of Pro Rata Issued Rights Purchases effected upon the exercise of
rights issued by an issuer pro rata to all holders of a class of the issuer s Securities, to the extent such rights were acquired from such issuer, and sales of such rights so acquired. This exemption applies only to the exercise or sale of
rights that are issued in connection with a specific upcoming public offering on a specified date, as opposed to rights acquired from the issuer (such as warrants or options), which may be exercised from time-to-time up until an expiration date.
This exemption does not apply to the sale of stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of rights. 

c. 
 Certain Exchange-Traded Funds ETFs )/AB Managed Open-end Mutual Funds ETFs
and open-end mutual funds managed by AB are covered under the Code s definition of Security and therefore are subject to all applicable Code rules and prohibitions. However, investments in AB-managed funds, if transacted through the ABI
Employee Desk, do not require pre-clearance. (If not transacted via ABI, pre-clearance is required.) In addition, certain broad-based ETFs (such as those that follow) are not subject to the pre-clearance provisions: 

PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) 
 SPDR Trust (SPY) 
 DIAMONDS Trust, Series I (DIA) 
 iShares S P 500 Index Fund (IVV) 
 iShares Russell 1000 Growth (IWF) 
 iShares Russell 1000 Value (IWD) 
 iShares Russell 1000 Index (IWB) 
 iShares MSCI EAFE (EFA) 
 iShares MSCI Emerging Markets (EEM) 
 iShares MSCI EAFE Growth (EFG) 
 iShares MSCI EAFE Value (EFV) 
 iShares FTSE 100 (ISF) 
 iShares MSCI World (IWRD/IQQW) 
 iShares Barclays 7-10 Yr Treas Bond (IEF) 
 iShares Barclays 1-3 Yr Treas Bond (SHY) 
 iShares Barclays TIPS Bond Fund (TIP) 
 iShares Barclays MBS Bond Fund (MBB) 
 iShares IBOXX Investment Grade (LQD) 
 IShares IBOXX High Yield Corp Bond (HYG) 
 iShares S P US Preferred Stock Index (PFF) 
 
 iShares JPMorgan USD Emer Mkt Bond Fund (EMB) 
 iShares CDN Composite Index Fund (XIC) 
 iShares MSCI Kokusai (TOK) 
 iShares MSCI Japan (EWJ) 
 iShares DAX (DAXEX) 
 iShares DJ EuroStoxx 50 (EUE) 
 SPDR S P/ASX 200 Fund (STW) 
 smartFONZ (FNZ) 
 DAIWA ETF TOPIX (1305) 
 NOMURA ETF TOPIX (1306) 
 NIKKO ETF TOPIX (1308) 
 DAIWA ETF NIKKEI 225 (1320) 
 NOMURA ETF NIKKEI 225 (1321) 
 NIKKO ETF 225 (1330) 
 Tracker Fund of Hong Kong (2800) 
 iShares FTSE/Xinhua A50 China Tracker (2823) 
 Nifty BeES 
 SENSEX Prudential ICICI ETF 
 
 A-8 

Please note that the number of exempt ETFs has recently expanded. Please check here 
for the complete list of exempt ETFs. 

(e) 
 Limitation on the Number of Trades 

i. 
 No more than an aggregate of twenty (20) transactions in individual Securities may occur in an Employee s Personal Accounts during any rolling thirty-day period. 

ii. 
 Exceptions : 

a. 
 The limitation on the permissible number of trades over a 30-day period does not apply to the AB-managed funds or the exempt ETFs listed in Section 2(d)(ii)(c) or included on the listing of exempt ETFs on the
intranet. Note that the 60-day hold requirement (see next section) still applies to these Securities. 

(f) 
 Short-Term Trading 

i. 
 Employees must always conduct their personal trading activities lawfully, properly and responsibly, and are encouraged to adopt long-term investment strategies that are consistent with their financial resources and
objectives. AB discourages short-term trading strategies, and Employees are cautioned that such strategies may inherently carry a higher risk of regulatory and other scrutiny. In any event, excessive or inappropriate trading that interferes with job
performance, or compromises the duty that AB owes to its Clients will not be tolerated. Employees are subject to a
mandatory buy and hold of all Securities for 60 days . 8 By regulation, employees of AB Japan Ltd. are subject to a 6-month hold . A last-in-first out accounting methodology will be
applied to a series of Securities purchases for determining compliance with this holding rule. As noted in Section 2(a)(ii), the applicable holding period for AB open-end funds is also 60 days. 

ii. 
 Exceptions to the short-term trading rules (i.e., the 60-day hold): 

a. 
 Securities transactions in Personal Accounts of spouses and domestic partners and other non-Employees (e.g., financially dependent children) which are not directed by the Employee are subject to the mandatory buy
and hold (or sale and buyback) of 60-calendar days. However, after 30 calendar days, such a transaction will be permitted for these Personal Accounts if necessary to minimize a loss. 

8 
 Relating to the buyback of a previously sold Security, an employee must wait 60 days if the new purchase price is lower than the previous sale, and 30 days if the new purchase price exceeds the previous sale price.
 
 A-9 

b. 
 Transactions in a Personal Account over which the Employee has no direct or indirect influence or control (i.e., managed for an Employee on a discretionary basis by a third person or entity). 

c. 
 Transactions in Securities held by the Employee prior to his or her employment with AB. 

d. 
 Shares in the publicly traded units of AB that were acquired in connection with a compensation plan . However, units purchased on the open market must comply with the holding period requirements herein.
 Any trade made in violation of this section of the Code shall be unwound, or, if that is not practicable, all profits from
the short-term trading may be disgorged as directed by the Chief Compliance Officer. 

(g) 
 Short Sales The Legal and Compliance Department will prohibit an Employee from engaging
in any short sale of a Security in a Personal Account if, at the time of the transaction, any Client has a long position in such Security in an AB-managed portfolio (except that an Employee may engage in short sales against the box and covered call
writing provided that these personal Securities transactions do not violate the prohibition against short-term trading). 

(h) 
 Trading in AB Units and AB Open and Closed-End Mutual Funds During certain times of the
year (typically in the weeks leading up to the firm s quarterly earnings announcement), Employees may be prohibited from conducting transactions in the equity units of AB (as well as the AllianceBernstein L.P. Contingent Value Rights,
associated with the acquisition of W.P. Stewart and Co., Ltd.). Additional restricted periods may be required for certain individuals and events, and the Legal and Compliance Department will announce when such additional restricted
periods are in effect. Transactions in AB Units and closed-end mutual funds managed by AB are subject to the same pre-clearance process as other Securities, with certain additional Legal and Compliance Department approval required. See the
 Statement of Policy and Procedures Concerning Purchases and Sales of AB Units and the Statement of Policy and Procedures Concerning Purchases and Sales of AB Closed-End Mutual Funds . Employees are not permitted to
transact in short sales of AB Units. Employees who transact in open-end AB mutual funds outside of the Employee Desk at
AllianceBernstein Investments i.e., in a regular brokerage account, must pre-clear the transaction via StarCompliance. 

(i) 
 Securities Being Considered for Purchase or Sale 

i. 
 The Legal and Compliance Department will, subject to the exceptions below, prohibit an Employee from purchasing or selling a Security (or a derivative product), or engaging in any short sale of a Security, in a Personal
Account if, at the time of the transaction, the Security is Being Considered for Purchase or Sale for a Client or is being purchased or sold for a Client. Please see the definition of a Security Being Considered for Purchase or Sale 
(Section 1(b)(17) of this Appendix) for a non-exhaustive list of examples which illustrate this prohibition. 
 A-10 

ii. 
 Exceptions: This prohibition does not apply to : 

a. 
 Non-Volitional Transactions, including : 

Transactions in a Personal Account over which the Employee has no direct or indirect influence or control (i.e., managed for an Employee on a discretionary basis by a third person or entity, when the Employee does not
discuss any specific transactions for the account with the third-party manager); 

The receipt of any Security received as part of an Employee s compensation (although any subsequent sales must be pre-cleared); 

Any Securities transaction effected in an Employee s Personal Account pursuant to an automatic investment plan, which means a program in which regular periodic purchases (or withdrawals) are made automatically in
(or from) a Personal Account in accordance with a predetermined schedule and allocation, and includes dividend reinvestment plans. Additional purchases and sales that are not automatic, however, are subject to this prohibition. 
 The Legal and Compliance Department may request an Employee to certify as to the non-volitional nature of these transactions. 

b. 
 Exercise of Pro Rata Issued Rights Purchases effected upon the exercise of
rights issued by an issuer pro rata to all holders of a class of the issuer s Securities, to the extent such rights were acquired from such issuer, and sales of such rights so acquired. This exemption applies only to the exercise or sale of
rights that are issued in connection with a specific upcoming public offering on a specified date, as opposed to rights acquired from the issuer (such as warrants or options), which may be exercised from time-to-time up until an expiration date.
This exemption does not apply to the sale of stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of rights. 

c. 
 De Minimis Transactions Fixed Income Securities Any of the following
Securities, if at the time of the transaction, the Employee has no actual knowledge that the Security is Being Considered for Purchase or Sale by a Client or that the Security is being purchased or sold by or for the Client: 

Fixed income securities transactions having a principal amount not exceeding 25,000; or 

Non-convertible debt securities and non-convertible preferred stocks which are rated by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization NRSRO in one of the three highest investment grade
rating categories. 
 A-11 

d. 
 De Minimis Transactions Equity Securities Any equity Security
transaction, or series of related transactions, involving shares of common stock and excluding options, warrants, rights and other derivatives, provided: 

Any orders are entered after 10:00 a.m. and before 3:00 p.m. and are not designated as market on open or market on close; 

The aggregate value of the transactions do not exceed (1) 10,000 for Securities of an issuer with a market capitalization of less than 1 billion; (2) 25,000 for Securities of an issuer with a market
capitalization of 1 billion to 5 billion and (3) 50,000 for Securities of an issuer with a market capitalization of greater than 5 billion; and 

The Employee has no actual knowledge that the Security is Being Considered for Purchase or Sale by a Client or that the Security is being purchased or sold by or for the Client. 
 PLEASE NOTE: Even if a trade qualifies for a de minimis exception, it must be pre-cleared by the Legal and Compliance Department in advance of
being placed. 

(j) 
 Restricted List A Security may not be purchased or sold in a Personal Account if, at
the time of the transaction, the Security appears on the AB Daily Restricted List and is restricted for Employee transactions. The Daily Restricted List is made available each business day to all Employees via the AB intranet page . 

(k) 
 Dissemination of Research Information 

i. 
 An Employee may not buy or sell any Security for a Personal Account that is the subject of significantly new or significantly changed research during the period commencing with the approval of
the research and continuing for twenty-four hours subsequent to the first publication or release of the research. An Employee also may not buy or sell any Security on the basis of research that AB has not yet made public or released. The terms
 significantly new and significantly changed include: 

a. 
 The initiation of coverage by an AB or Sanford C. Bernstein Co., LLC research analyst; 

b. 
 Any change in a research rating or position by an AB or Sanford C. Bernstein Co., LLC research analyst; 

c. 
 Any other rating, view, opinion, or advice from an AB or Sanford C. Bernstein Co., LLC research analyst, the issuance (or re-issuance) of which in the opinion of such research analyst, or his or her director
of research, would be reasonably likely to have a material effect on the price of the security. 
 A-12 

ii. 
 Exceptions: This prohibition does not apply to : 

a. 
 Non-Volitional Transactions, including : 

Transactions in a Personal Account over which the Employee has no direct or indirect influence or control (i.e., managed for an Employee on a discretionary basis by a third person or entity, when the Employee does not
discuss any specific transactions for the account with the third-party manager); 

Any Security received as part of an Employee s compensation (although any subsequent sales must be pre-cleared); 

Any Securities transaction effected in an Employee s Personal Account pursuant to an automatic investment plan, which means a program in which regular periodic purchases (or withdrawals) are made automatically in
(or from) a Personal Account in accordance with a predetermined schedule and allocation, and includes dividend reinvestment plans. Additional purchases and sales that are not automatic, however, are subject to this prohibition. 
 The Legal and Compliance Department may request an Employee to certify as to the non-volitional nature of these transactions. 

b. 
 Exercise of Pro Rata Issued Rights Purchases effected upon the exercise of
rights issued by an issuer pro rata to all holders of a class of the issuer s Securities, to the extent such rights were acquired from such issuer, and sales of such rights so acquired. This exemption applies only to the exercise or sale of
rights that are issued in connection with a specific upcoming public offering on a specified date, as opposed to rights acquired from the issuer (such as warrants or options), which may be exercised from time-to-time up until an expiration date.
This exemption does not apply to the sale of stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of rights. 

c. 
 De Minimis Transactions Fixed Income Securities This exception
does not apply to research issued by Sanford C. Bernstein Co., LLC . Any of the following Securities, if at the time of the transaction, the Employee has no actual knowledge that the issuer is the subject of significantly
new or significantly changed research: 

Fixed income securities transactions having a principal amount not exceeding 25,000; or 

Non-convertible debt securities and non-convertible preferred stocks which are rated by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization NRSRO in one of the three highest investment grade
rating categories. 
 A-13 

d. 
 De Minimis Transactions Equity Securities This exception does not
apply to research issued by Sanford C. Bernstein Co., LLC . Any equity Securities transaction, or series of related transactions, involving shares of common stock and excluding options, warrants, rights and other
derivatives, provided: 

Any orders are entered after 10:00 a.m. and before 3:00 p.m. and are not designated as market on open or market on close; 

The aggregate value of the transactions do not exceed (1) 10,000 for Securities of an issuer with a market capitalization of less than 1 billion; (2) 25,000 for Securities of an issuer with a market
capitalization of 1 billion to 5 billion and (3) 50,000 for Securities of an issuer with a market capitalization of greater than 5 billion; and 

The Employee has no actual knowledge that the issuer is the subject of significantly new or significantly changed research. 
 PLEASE NOTE: Even if a trade qualifies for a de minimis exception, it must be pre-cleared by the Legal and Compliance Department in
advance of being placed. 

(l) 
 Initial Public Offerings No Employee, or other person whose Personal Accounts are
covered under this Code (see Section 1(b)(14)) shall acquire for a Personal Account, any Security issued in an Initial Public Offering. 

(m) 
 Limited Offerings/Private Placements No Employee, or other person whose Personal
Accounts are covered under this Code (see Section 1(b)(14)), shall acquire any Security issued in any limited or private offering (please note that hedge funds are sold as limited or private offerings) unless the Chief Compliance Officer (or
designee) and the Employee s Business Unit Head give express prior written approval and document the basis for granting approval after due inquiry. The Chief Compliance Officer, in determining whether approval should be given, will take into
account, among other factors, whether the investment opportunity should be reserved for a Client and whether the opportunity is being offered to the individual by virtue of his or her position with AB. Employees authorized to acquire Securities
issued in a limited or private offering must disclose that investment when they play a part in any Client s subsequent consideration of an investment in the issuer, and in such a case, the decision of AB to purchase Securities of that issuer
for a Client will be subject to an independent review by Investment Personnel with no personal interest in such issuer. 9 

9 
 Any Employee who acquires (or any new Employee with a pre-existing position in) an interest in any private
investment fund (including a hedge fund or any other Security that cannot be purchased and held in an account at a Designated Broker shall be exempt from the Designated Broker requirement as described in this Appendix A of the Code. The
Legal and Compliance Department may require an explanation as to why such Security cannot be purchased and held in such manner. Transactions in these Securities nevertheless remain subject to all other requirements of this Code, including applicable
private placement procedures, pre-clearance requirements and blackout-period trading restrictions. 
 A-14 

Additional restrictions or disclosures may be required if there is a business relationship
between the Employee or AB and the issuer of the offering. See also - additional restrictions that apply to employees of the Fund of Funds Group (Section 6). 
 3. Additional Restrictions Portfolio Managers 
 In addition to the requirements and restrictions on Employee trading in Section 2 of this Appendix A of the Code, the following
restrictions apply to all persons acting in the capacity of a portfolio manager of a Client account. For purposes of the restrictions in this section, a portfolio manager is defined as an Employee who has decision-making authority regarding specific
securities to be traded for Client accounts, as well as such Employee s supervisor. Please see Section 6 for restrictions relating to the Alternate Investment Strategies Group. 
 General Prohibition : No person acting in the capacity of a portfolio manager will be permitted to buy for a Personal Account,
a Security that is an eligible portfolio investment in that manager s product group (e.g., Large Cap Growth). This prohibition
does not apply to transactions directed by spouses or other persons whose Personal Accounts are covered under this Code (see Section 1(b)(14)) provided that the employee has no input into the investment decision. Nor does it apply to sales of
securities held prior to the application of this restriction or employment with the firm. However, such transactions are subject to the following additional restrictions. 

(a) 
 Blackout Periods No person acting in the capacity of a portfolio manager will be
permitted to trade a Security for a Personal Account within seven calendar days before and after any Client serviced in that manager s product group (e.g., Large Cap Growth) trades in the same Security. If a portfolio manager engages in such a
personal securities transaction during a blackout period, the Chief Compliance Officer may break the trade or, if the trade cannot be broken, the Chief Compliance Officer may direct that any profit realized on the trade be disgorged. 

(b) 
 Actions During Blackout Periods No person acting in the capacity of a portfolio manager
shall delay or accelerate a Client trade due to a previous purchase or sale of a Security for a Personal Account. In the event that a portfolio manager determines that it is in the best interest of a Client to buy or sell a Security for the account
of the Client within seven days of the purchase or sale of the same Security in a Personal Account, the portfolio manager must contact the Chief Compliance Officer immediately, who may direct that the trade in the Personal Account be canceled, grant
an exception or take other appropriate action. 

(c) 
 Transactions Contrary to Client Positions No person acting in the capacity of a
portfolio manager shall trade a Security in a Personal Account contrary to investment decisions made on behalf of a Client, unless the portfolio manager represents and warrants in the personal trading request form that (1) it is appropriate for
the Client account to buy, sell or continue to hold that Security 
 A-15 

and (2) the decision to purchase or sell the Security for the Personal Account arises from the need to raise or invest cash or some other valid reason specified by the portfolio manager and
approved by the Chief Compliance Officer and is not otherwise based on the portfolio manager s view of how the Security is likely to perform. 4.
Additional Restrictions Research Analysts In addition to the requirements and restrictions on Employee trading in
Section 2 of this Appendix A of the Code, the following restrictions apply to all persons acting in the capacity of a research analyst. Please note that rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) may impose additional
limitations on the personal trading of the research analysts of Sanford C. Bernstein Co., LLC and their family members. Such research analysts should refer to the relevant policy documents that detail those additional
restrictions . General Prohibition : No person acting in the capacity of research analyst will be permitted to
buy for his or her Personal Account, a Security that is in the sector covered by such research analyst. This prohibition does not apply to transactions directed by spouses or other persons whose Personal Accounts are covered under this Code (see
Section 1(b)(14)), provided that the employee has no input into the investment decision. Nor does it apply to sales of securities held prior to the application of this restriction or employment with the firm. However, such transactions are
subject to the following additional restrictions. 

(a) 
 Blackout Periods No person acting as a research analyst shall trade a Security for a
Personal Account within seven calendar days before and after making a change in a rating or other published view with respect to that Security. If a research analyst engages in such a personal securities transaction during a blackout period, the
Chief Compliance Officer may break the trade or, if the trade cannot be broken, the Chief Compliance Officer may direct that any profit realized on the trade be disgorged. 

(b) 
 Actions During Blackout Periods No person acting as a research analyst shall delay or
accelerate a rating or other published view with respect to any Security because of a previous purchase or sale of a Security in such person s Personal Account. In the event that a research analyst determines that it is appropriate to make a
change in a rating or other published view within seven days of the purchase or sale of the same Security in a Personal Account, the research analyst must contact the Chief Compliance Officer immediately, who may direct that the trade in the
Personal Account be canceled, grant an exception or take other appropriate action. 

(c) 
 Actions Contrary to Ratings No person acting as a research analyst shall trade a
Security (to the extent such Security is included in the research analyst s research universe) contrary to an outstanding rating or a pending ratings change or traded by a research portfolio, unless (1) the research analyst represents and
warrants in the personal trading request form that (as applicable) there is no reason to change the outstanding rating and (2) the 
 A-16 

research analyst s personal trade arises from the need to raise or invest cash, or some other valid reason specified by the research analyst and approved by the Chief Compliance Officer and
is not otherwise based on the research analyst s view of how the security is likely to perform. 5. Additional Restrictions Buy-Side Equity
Traders In addition to the requirements and restrictions on Employee trading in Section 2 of this Appendix A of the Code, the
following restrictions apply to all persons acting in the capacity of Trader on any buy-side equity trading desk. General
Prohibition : No person acting in the capacity of buy-side equity trader will be permitted to buy for his or her Personal Account, a Security that is among the eligible portfolio investments traded on that Desk. 
 This prohibition does not apply to transactions directed by spouses or other persons whose Personal Accounts are covered under this Code
(see Section 1(b)(14)) provided that the employee has no input into the investment decision. Nor does it apply to sales of securities held prior to the application of this restriction or employment with the firm. Such transactions are, of
course, subject to all other Code provisions. 6. Additional Restrictions Alternate Investment Strategies Groups 
 In addition to the requirements and restrictions on Employee trading in Section 2 of this Appendix A of the Code, the following
restrictions apply to all members of the firm s Alternative Investment Management Group (also known as the Gamsin Group ), as well as to the members of the Investment Policy Group and Board of Directors of Bernstein Alternative
Investment Strategies, LLC. General Prohibition : No member of the groups listed above will be permitted to directly
invest in a privately offered fund or other investment product that is managed by an adviser other than AB and is within the scope of the current or contemplated funds or other products in which the Alternative Investment Management Group may
invest. All such investments by members of these groups shall be made through the AB Alternative Investment Services platform. 7. Reporting
Requirements 

(a) 
 Duplicate Confirmations and Account Statements All Employees must direct their brokers
to supply to the Chief Compliance Officer, on a timely basis, duplicate copies of broker trade confirmations of, and account statements concerning, all Securities transactions in any Personal Account. Even for Designated Brokers, each Employee must
verify that the Employee s account(s) is properly coded for AB to receive electronic data feeds. 
 A-17 

The Compliance Department will review such documents for Personal Accounts to ensure that
AB s policies and procedures are being complied with, and make additional inquiries as necessary. Access to duplicate confirmations and account statements will be restricted to those persons who are assigned to perform review functions, and all
such materials will be kept confidential except as otherwise required by law. 

(b) 
 Initial Holdings Reports by Employees An Employee must, within 10 days of commencement
of employment with AB, provide a signed (electronic in most cases) and dated Initial Holdings Report to the Chief Compliance Officer. New employees will receive an electronic request to perform this task via the StarCompliance Code of Ethics
application. The report must contain the following information current as of a date not more than 45 days prior to the date of the report: 

i. 
 All Securities (including private investments as well as any AB-managed mutual funds) held in a Personal Account of the Employee, including the title and type of Security, and as applicable, the exchange ticker symbol
or CUSIP number, number of shares and/or principal amount of each Security/fund beneficially owned; 

ii. 
 The name of any broker-dealer or financial institution with which the Employee maintains a Personal Account in which any Securities are held for the Employee; and 

iii. 
 Details of any outside business affiliations. Employees must then take all necessary actions
to bring their accounts into compliance with the designated broker guidelines detailed in Section 2(c) of this Appendix. 

(c) 
 Quarterly Reports by Employees including Certain Funds and Limited Offerings 
 Following each calendar quarter, the Legal and Compliance Department will forward (electronically via the StarCompliance Code of Ethics
application) to each Employee, an individualized form containing all Securities transactions in the Employee s Personal Accounts during the quarter based on information reported to AB by the Employee s brokers. Transactions in Personal
Accounts over which the Employee has no direct or indirect influence or control (i.e., managed for an Employee on a discretionary basis by a third person or entity) or pursuant to an automated investment program need not be included for purposes of
this reporting requirement . Within thirty (30) days following the end of each calendar quarter, every Employee must review the
form and certify its accuracy, making any necessary changes to the information provided on the pre-populated form (generally this will include those shares of mutual funds sub-advised by AB and held directly with the investment company and
Securities issued in limited offerings which are not sent directly to the Compliance Department). For each such Security, the report must contain the following information: (1) the date of the transaction, the title, and as applicable the
exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, interest rate and maturity date, number of shares, and principal amount of each Security involved; (2) the nature of the transaction (i.e., purchase or sale or any other type of acquisition or
disposition); (3) the price of the Security at which the transaction was effected; (4) the name of the broker or other financial institution through which the transaction was effected; and (5) the date the Employee submits the report.
 
 A-18 

In addition, any new Personal Account established during the calendar quarter must be reported,
including (1) the name of the broker or other financial institution with which the account was established and (2) the date the account was established. 

(d) 
 Annual Holdings Reports by Employees On an annual basis, by a date to be specified by
the Compliance Department (typically February 15 th ), each Employee must provide to the Chief Compliance Officer, a signed and dated (or electronically certified via the StarCompliance Code of
Ethics application) Annual Holdings Report containing data current as of a date not more than forty five (45) days prior to the date of the submission. 10 The report must disclose: 

i. 
 All Securities (including shares of mutual funds managed by AB and limited offerings), held in a Personal Account of the Employee, including the title and type of security, and as applicable the exchange ticker symbol
or CUSIP number, number of shares and/or principal amount of each Security beneficially owned); and 

ii. 
 The name of any broker-dealer or financial institution with which the Employee maintains a Personal Account in which any Securities are held for the Employee. 
 In the event that AB already maintains a record of the required information via duplicate copies of broker trade confirmations and account
statements received from the Employee s broker-dealer, an Employee may satisfy this requirement by (i) confirming in writing (which may include e-mail) the accuracy of the record on at least an annual basis and (ii) recording the date
of the confirmation. 

(e) 
 Report and Certification of Adequacy to the Board of Directors of Fund Clients On a
periodic basis, but not less than annually, the Chief Compliance Officer shall prepare a written report to the management and the board of directors of each registered investment fund (other than a unit investment trust) in which AB acts as
investment adviser setting forth the following: 

i. 
 A certification on behalf of AB that AB has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Employees and Directors from violating the Code; 

ii. 
 A summary of existing procedures concerning personal investing and any changes in procedures made during the past year; and 

iii. 
 A description of any issues arising under the Code or procedures since the last report to the Board including, but not limited to, information about material violations of the Code or procedures and sanctions imposed in
response to the material violations. 

10 
 Employees who join the Firm after the annual process has commenced will submit their initial holdings report (see Section 7(b)) and complete their first Annual Holdings Report during the next annual cycle and
thereafter. 
 A-19 

AB shall also submit any material changes to this Code to each Fund s Board at the next
regular board meeting during the quarter following the change. 

(f) 
 Report Representations Any Initial or Annual Holdings Report or Quarterly Transaction
Report may contain a statement that the report is not to be construed as an admission by the person making the report that he or she has any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership in the Security to which the report relates. 

(g) 
 Maintenance of Reports The Chief Compliance Officer shall maintain the information
required by this Section and such other records, if any, and for such time periods required by Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act and Rules 204-2 and 204A-1 under the Advisers Act. All reports furnished pursuant to this Section will be kept
confidential, subject to the rights of inspection and review by the General Counsel, the Chief Compliance Officer and his or her designees, the Code of Ethics Oversight Committee (or subcommittee thereof), the Securities and Exchange Commission and
by other third parties pursuant to applicable laws and regulations. 8. Reporting Requirements for Directors who are not Employees 
 All Affiliated Outside Directors (i.e., not Employees of AB, but employees of an AB affiliate) and Outside Directors (i.e., neither Employees
of AB, nor of an AB affiliate) are subject to the specific reporting requirements of this Section 8 as described below. Directors who are Employees of AB, however, are subject to the full range of personal trading requirements, restrictions and
reporting obligations outlined in Sections 1 through 7 of this Appendix A of the Code, as applicable. In addition, all Directors are expected to adhere to the fiduciary duties and high ethical standards described in the Code. 

(a) 
 Outside Directors / Affiliated Outside Directors 

i. 
 In general, pursuant to various regulatory rule exceptions and interpretations, no reporting is required of Outside Directors and Affiliated Outside Directors. However, if an Outside or Affiliated Outside Director
knew, or in the ordinary course of fulfilling his or her official duties as a Director should have known , that during the 15-day period immediately before or after the Outside or Affiliated Outside Director s transaction in a Security for a
Personal Account, a Client bought or sold the Security, or the Client or AB considered buying or selling the Security, the following reporting would be required. 
 Transaction Report In
the event that a transaction report is required pursuant to the scenario in the preceding paragraph, other than for accounts over which the director had no influence or control, each outside director must within thirty (30) days following the
end of each calendar quarter, provide to the Chief Compliance Officer, a signed and dated report disclosing all Securities transactions in any Personal Account. For each such Security, the report must contain the following information: 
 A-20 

a. 
 The date of the transaction, the title, and as applicable the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, interest rate and maturity date, number of shares, and principal amount of each Security involved; 

b. 
 The nature of the transaction (i.e., purchase or sale or any other type of acquisition or disposition); 

c. 
 The price of the Security at which the transaction was effected; and 

d. 
 The name of the broker or other financial institution through which the transaction was effected. 
 A-21 

A LLIANCE B ERNSTEIN L . P . 
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 
 CERTIFICATION I hereby acknowledge receipt of
the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of AllianceBernstein L.P., its subsidiaries and joint ventures, which includes the AB Personal Trading Policies and Procedures attached as Appendix A to the Code. I certify
that I have read and understand the Code, recognize that I am subject to its provisions, and that I must report any violations to the Legal and Compliance Department. 
 I have reviewed my own situation and conduct and confirm that: 

1. 
 I am in compliance with the Code, including the requirements regarding the manner in which I maintain and report my (public and private) Securities holdings and transactions in my Personal Accounts (as such terms
are defined in Appendix A of the Code) and conduct my personal Securities trading activities. 

2. 
 I have disclosed any potential conflicts of interest, have been pre-approved for any reportable outside business activities, and am in compliance with the requirements associated with the firm s Policy and
Procedures for Giving and Receiving Gifts and Entertainment (including its requirement to pre-clear certain political contributions); and the requirements associated with the firm s Anti-Corruption Policy . 

3. 
 I have read the firm s Compliance Manual and agree to abide by the policies contained therein. 
 
 For those Employees with Securities Licenses: I have contacted Compliance with any changes to
information that would require a Form U4 amendment, including a change of address, name change, addition of any new, or the discontinuance of any previously reported outside business activity, and any occurrence or matter which would change my
answer to a disclosure question (e.g., arrests and other criminal or civil matters, regulatory events, tax liens and bankruptcies). 
 I understand
that any violation(s) of the Code is grounds for immediate disciplinary action up to, and including, termination of employment. 

Signature 

Print Name 

Date 

Please return this form to the Chief Compliance Officer at: 
 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, N.Y. 10105 
 [Please note that for the ANNUAL Certification process for employees, this signoff is performed electronically via the StarCompliance
Code of Ethics application.] 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d368968dex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, J. Brent Humphries, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AB Private Credit Investors Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and
have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(c) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) : 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2017 

By: 
 
 /s/ J. Brent Humphries 

J. Brent Humphries 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d368968dex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIE FINANCIAL OFFER UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Wesley Raper, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AB Private Credit Investors Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and
have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(c) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2017 

By: 
 
 /s/ Wesley Raper 

Wesley Raper 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 d368968dex32.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 

Exhibit 32 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
AB Private Credit Investors Corporation (the Fund for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), J. Brent Humphries, as Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, and Wesley Raper, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his
knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Fund. 

Date: March 31, 2017 

/s/ J. Brent Humphries 
 
 J. Brent Humphries 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: Mach 31, 2017 

/s/ Wesley Raper 
 
 Wesley Raper 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

