<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20180417_10-K_edgar_data_1040850_0001554795-18-000097.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6552582</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>282191</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>385413</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2747653</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1688471</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1125738</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001554795-18-000097.hdr.sgml : 20180417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20180417170758
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-18-000097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AGRITEK HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001040850
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-NONSTORE RETAILERS [5960]
		IRS NUMBER:				208484256
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15673
		FILM NUMBER:		18759627

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 BRICKELL AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 205-2560

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 BRICKELL AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33131

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEDISWIPE INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110621

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CANNABIS MEDICAL SOLUTIONS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100305

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMERCE ONLINE, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090720

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001554795-18-000097.txt : 20180417

10-K
 1
 agtk0416form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

 For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number: 000-1321002 

AGRITEK
 HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 (Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 20-1321002 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
 organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

777 Brickell Ave. Suite 500 

Miami, FL 
 
 33131 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(305) 721-2727 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including
 area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.0001 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or has for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405) is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller
reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 230.405 of this ch apter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
 No 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 5,664,173 on June 30, 2017. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s 0.0001 par value Common Stock as of April 13, 2018, was 779,245,512. 

Table
of Contents 

PART
 I 
 Page 

Item 1 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 19 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 

PART
 II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s
 Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 23 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data 
 29 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 30 

PART
 III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance 
 31 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 33 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain
 Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 34 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and
 Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 34 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees
 and Services 
 35 

PART
 IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement
 Schedules 
 36 

Signatures 
 39 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements. The Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC encourages companies
to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand a company s future prospects and make informed
investment decisions. This report and other written and oral statements that we make from time to time contain such forward-looking
statements that set out anticipated results based on management s plans and assumptions regarding future events or performance.
We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as project , believe ,
 anticipate , plan , expect , estimate , intend , should ,
 would , could , or may , or other such words, verbs in the future tense and words and phrases
that convey similar meaning and uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward looking statements. There
are a number of important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated
by these forward looking statements. While we make these forward looking statements based on various factors and using
numerous assumptions, you have no assurance the factors and assumptions will prove to be materially accurate when the events they
anticipate actually occur in the future. Factors that could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to
differ materially are discussed in greater detail under Item 1A, Risk Factors of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

The
forward looking statements are based upon our beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time we make these
statements. We caution you not to place undue reliance on our forward looking statements as (i) these statements are neither
predictions nor guaranties of future events or circumstances, and (ii) the assumptions, beliefs, expectations, forecasts and projections
about future events may differ materially from actual results. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward looking
statement to reflect developments occurring after the date of this report. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS. 

General
Business Development 

Corporate
History 

Agritek
Holdings, Inc. (referred to hereafter as AGTK, or, the Company ), was initially incorporated under
the laws of the State of Delaware in 1997 under the name Easy Street Online, Inc. 

In
1997, the Company changed its name to Frontline Communications Corp. Frontline and operated as a regional Internet
service provider ISP providing Internet access, web hosting, website design, and related services to residential
and small business customers throughout the Northeast United States and, through a network partnership agreement, Internet access
to customers nationwide. 

On
April 3, 2003, the Company acquired Proyecciones y Ventas Organizadas, S.A. de C.V. Provo Mexico and in December
2003 the Company changed the name to Provo International Inc. Provo ). 

In
2008, Provo changed its name to Ebenefits Direct, Inc., which, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, L.A. Marketing Plans, LLC,
engaged in the business of direct response marketing. The Company s principal business was to market and sell non-insurance
healthcare programs designed to complement medical insurance products and to provide savings for those who cannot afford or qualify
for traditional health insurance products. 

On
October 14, 2008, Ebenefits Direct, Inc. changed its name to Seraph Security, Inc. Seraph ). 

On
April 25, 2009, Seraph acquired Commerce Online Technologies, Inc., a credit and debit card processing company. 

On
May 20, 2009, Seraph Security, Inc. changed its name to Commerce Online, Inc. to more accurately reflect its core business of
merchant processing, and financial services. 

4 

As
of February 18, 2010, Commerce Online, Inc. changed its name to Cannabis Medical Solutions, Inc. CMSI as a provider
of merchant processing payment technologies for the medical marijuana and wellness sector. 

On
March 8, 2010, the Company completed the acquisition of 800 Commerce, Inc. 800 Commerce a Florida Corporation
incorporated by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to 800 Commerce
for all the issued and outstanding stock of 800 Commerce, Inc. 

In
June 2010, 31,288,702 shares of common stock were issued as dividend shares (the dividend to all existing shareholders
of common stock of record. 

On
June 14, 2011, Cannabis Medical Solutions, Inc. changed its merchant name to MediSwipe Inc. MWIP as a result of
its focus on the processing and financial services related to medical marijuana business. 

On
June 26, 2013, the Company formed American Hemp Trading Company, a wholly owned subsidiary. 

On
June 26, 2013, the Company formed Agritech Innovations, Inc. AGTI ), a wholly owned subsidiary. On September 3,
2013, AGTI changed its name to Agritech Venture Holdings, Inc. AVH ). 

On
November 12, 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a 1-for-10 reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split and a decrease in the authorized common stock of the Company to 250,000,000. Pursuant to the Reverse Stock Split, each 10 shares
of the Company s common stock automatically converted into one share of Company common stock. 

On
November 12, 2013, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA approved the Reverse Stock Split with an
effective date of December 11, 2013. All the share amounts in this annual report on Form 10-K reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 

On
April 23, 2014, MWIP changed its name to Agritek Holdings, Inc. AGTK to more properly reflect the Company s
current business model. 

On
May 27, 2014, AVH changed its names to Agritek Venture Holdings, Inc. AVHI ). 

On
August 27, 2014, American Hemp Trading Company changed its name to Prohibition Products, Inc. PPI 

Unless
otherwise noted, references in this Form 10-K to Seraph, Commerce Online, Inc., Cannabis Medical
Solutions, Mediswipe, the Company, we, our or us 
means Agritek Holdings, Inc. 

Description
of Business 

Agritek
Holdings Inc. the Company or Agritek Holdings is a fully integrated, active investor and operator
in the legal cannabis sector. Specifically, Agritek Holdings provides strategic capital and functional expertise to accelerate
the commercialization of its diversified portfolio of holdings. Currently, the Company is focused on three high-value segments
of the cannabis market, including real estate investment, intellectual property brands; and infrastructure, with operations in
three U.S. States, Colorado, Washington State, California as well as Canada and Puerto Rico. Agritek Holdings invests its capital
via real estate holdings, licensing agreements, royalties and equity in acquisition operations. 

Agritek
Holdings Inc. has organized its interests across three business units Agritek Venture Holdings; The American Hemp Trading
Company; and MediSwipe, Inc. Agritek Venture Holdings includes the Company s real estate portfolio, controlled equity holdings,
minority equity holdings and royalty interests. Subsidiary operations also includes a portfolio of wholly owned and licensed brands
that cover high growth segments of the cannabis sector including vaping, pre-rolls, edibles, topicals, medical devices, concentrates
and animal health. MediSwipe, Inc. offers a suite of services including corporate finance, marketing branding, operational
support, financial management, and compliance regulatory. These services are offered by a strong in-house team complemented
by independent advisors with the objective of assisting clients and partners in accelerating the commercialization of their product(s)
or services, and ultimately in leveraging their unique selling proposition to create a leadership position in their chosen niche
within the global cannabis industry. 

5 

Agritek
Holdings Inc. intends to build on its existing relationships by developing operating plans and providing oversight, strategy and
management of the business units growth and integration. Further, Agritek Holdings plans to continue expanding its reach
by building new partnerships with vertical market partners and end- user products companies as well as exploring opportunities
with successful cultivators and processors. Through its expansion efforts, Agritek Holdings intends to utilize online sales and
marketing platforms, participate in relevant trade shows and develop various advertising materials to communicate its multiple
licensed brands including California Premiums , Hemp Pops and additional CBD products. 

Agritek
Holdings is also well-positioned to participate in the large and growing legal cannabis market for enhanced downstream cannabis
products and new products with various consumer and medical applications. 

Agritek
Holdings focuses on the growth of its business units and expanding their reach to end-users and partners. Although the business
units are primarily responsible for developing and operating their respective businesses, Agritek Holdings is available to provide
functional expertise, financing, oversight and a framework of disciplined planning to the operations of the business units when
needed. 

Agritek
Holdings short-term objective is to create a sustainable business in the key states of California, Colorado, Washington
and Oregon as well as in Canada and Puerto Rico by integrating its holdings to create synergies and true end-to-end solutions
geared to the needs of patients and consumers. Agritek Holdings has positioned itself for commercial growth by focusing its expanded
resource base on finding and partnering with the best and most innovativ e
companies, projects, assets and overall business frameworks in the legal cannabis sector in the aforementioned jurisdictions. 

To
achieve its objectives, the Company will continue making specific and deliberate investments, including acquisitions, to: 

1. Increase
 the diversity and quality of the Company s product offerings across different market
 segments; and 

2. Increase
 the strength and segmentation of the Company s diversified portfolio of real estate
 holdings and product brands. 

In
addition, management believes that significant opportunities exist today and will develop further in the future, to leverage the
Company s expertise, financial strength and business model in legal cannabis markets around the world. Agritek Holdings
intends on pursuing opportunities in a number of jurisdictions where cannabis use is legal, and/or where governments are actively
pursuing legalization. 

Subject
to legislative and regulatory compliance, strategic business opportunities pursued by the Company could include: 

1. Providing
 advisory services to third-parties that are interested in establishing licensed cannabis
 cultivation, processing and sales operations; 

2. Entering
 into strategic relationships that create value by sharing expertise and industry knowledge; 

3. Providing
 capital in the form of debt, royalties, or equity to new business units; and 

4. Entering
 into licensing agreements to generate revenue, create strategic partnerships, or other
 business opportunities. 

Agritek
Holdings and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, MediSwipe, Inc., Prohibition Products Inc., and Agritek Venture Holdings, Inc. provide
turnkey support solutions to the legal cannabis industry. We provide key business services to the legal cannabis sector including: 

Funding and Financing Solutions for
 Agricultural Land and Properties zoned for the regulated Cannabis Industry. 

Dispensary and Retail Solutions 

Commercial Production and Equipment Build Out
 Solutions 

Banking and Payment Processing Solutions 

Multichannel Supply Chain Solutions 

Branding, Marketing and Sales Solutions of proprietary
 product lines 

Consumer Product Solutions 

6 

The
Company intends to bring its array of services to each new state that legalizes the use of cannabis according to appropriate
state and federal laws. Our primary objective is acquiring commercial properties to be utilized in the commercial marijuana industry
as cultivation facilities in compliance with state law. This is an essential aspect of our overall growth strategy because once
acquired and re-zoned, the value of such real property is substantially higher than under the previous zoning and use. 

Once
properties are identified and acquired to be used for purposes related to the commercial marijuana industry as provided for by
state law, and we plan to create vertical channels within that legal jurisdiction including equipment financing, payment processing
and marketing of exclusive brands and services to retail dispensaries 

Agritek s
business focus is primarily to hold, develop and manage real property. The Company shall also provide oversight on every property
that is part of its portfolio. This can include complete architectural design and subsequent build-outs, general support, landscaping,
general up-keep, and state of the art security systems. At this time, Agritek does not grow, process, own, handle, transport,
or sell marijuana as the Company is organized and directed to operate strictly in accordance with all applicable state and federal
laws. 

Services and
Markets 

To
date, we have purchased eighty (80) acres approved for licenses and cultivation in Pueblo, Colorado. We have multiple manufacturing
and service contracts in place in areas in the following sectors: 

Funding and
Financing Solutions 

Our
goal is to become the funding and financing service partner of choice in the legal Colorado and California cannabis market before
expanding nationwide if and when applicable state and federal laws allow us to do so. We offer financing and financial aid
to cultivators, collectives, dispensaries and product businesses in the legal cannabis industry with alternative funding and financing
solutions. In the evolving legal cannabis industry, where traditional banking opportunities are grossly limited, we step in to
provide the traditional bank lending services; lines of credit, property financing, and/or commercial loans. Businesses
and individuals seeking funding and financing solutions are qualified and scored based on their experience, current operations,
financial records, and compliance grades given by our proprietary banking partners and credit lines that comply with all state
governance rules. 

Commercial
Build Out and Dispensary Solutions 

We
offer turnkey build-out and commercial services to our clients. Whether it is financial assistance, real estate consulting, operations
design, or building construction, our Company can design and rollout customized services for our clients. We also offer traditional
business services to dispensaries as well. These services include infrastructure investment, technology partners, donation accounting,
payment processing and succession strategies. It is important to note that we are not a one size fits all organization,
but are committed to custom tailored solutions for legal cannabis industry participants. 

Finance
and Real Estate 

Real
Estate Leasing 

Our
real estate leasing business primarily includes the acquisition and leasing of cultivation space and related facilities to licensed
marijuana growers and dispensary owners for their operations. Management anticipates that these facilities will range in size
from 5,000 to 50,000 square feet. These facilities will only be leased to tenants that possess the requisite state licenses to
operate cultivation facilities. The leases with the tenants will provide certain requirements that permit us to continually evaluate
our tenants compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 

As
of the date of this report, we own one cultivation property that is located in a suburb of Pueblo, Colorado (the Pueblo
West Property ). The property consists of approximately eighty (80) acres of land. The property is currently zoned for cultivating
cannabis and is expected to be leased to a medical cannabis cultivator or manufacturer this year. We are currently evaluating
strategic options for this property. 

7 

Shared
Office Space, Networking and Event Services 

We
plan to continue to acquire commercial real estate and lease office space to participants in the cannabis industry. These participants
include media, internet, packaging, lighting, cultivation supplies, and financial services. In exchange for certain services that
may be provided to these tenants, we expect to receive rental income. In certain cases, we may acquire equity interests or provide
debt capital to these businesses and eventually acquire a specific business as a wholly owned subsidiary of Agritek. 

Industry
Finance and Equipment Leasing Services 

We
plan to lease cultivation equipment and facilities to customers in the cannabis industry. We expect we will enter into sale lease-back
transactions of land zoned for cultivation, green houses, grow lights, tenant improvements and other grow equipment. Since Colorado
State law does not allow entities operating under a cannabis license to pledge the assets or the license of the cannabis operation
for any type of general borrowing activity, we intend to provide loans to individuals and businesses in the cannabis industry
on an unsecured basis. Equipment will only be leased to tenants that possess the requisite state licenses to operate such
facilities. The leases with the tenants will provide certain requirements that permit us to continually evaluate its tenants 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 

Our
finance strategy will include making direct term loans and providing revolving lines of credit to businesses involved in the cultivation
and sale of cannabis and related products. These loans will generally be secured to the maximum extent permitted by law.
 We believe there is a significant demand for this financing. We are pursuing other finance services including customized
finance, capital formation, and banking, for participants in the cannabis industry. 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
believe we possess certain competitive strengths and advantages in the industries which we operate: 

Range
of Services: We are able to leverage our breadth of services and resources to deliver a comprehensive, integrated
solution to companies in the cannabis industry from operational and compliance consulting to security and marketing to
financing needs. 

Strategic
Alliances. We are dedicated to rapid growth through acquisitions, partnerships and agreements that will enable us to
enter and expand into new markets. Our strategy in pursuing these alliances are based on the target s ability to generate
positive cash flow, effectively meet customer needs, and supply desirable products, services or technologies, among other considerations.
We anticipate that strategic alliances will play a significant role as more states pass legislation permitting the cultivation
and sale of hemp and cannabis. 

Industry s
Access to Capital. In February 2014, the Treasury Department issued guidelines for financial institutions dealing with
cannabis-related businesses, (see FinCEN under Federal Regulations and Our Business of this document).
In March 2015, legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate proposing to change federal law such that states could regulate medical
use of cannabis without risk of federal prosecution. A key component of the proposed Compassionate Access, Research Expansion,
and Respect States Act (the CARERS Act is to reclassify cannabis under the Controlled Substances Act to Schedule
II, thereby changing the plant from a federally-criminalized substance to one that has recognized medical uses. Many banks and
traditional financial institutions refuse to provide financial services to cannabis-related business. We plan to provide finance
and leasing solutions to market participants using the FinCEN guidelines as a primary guide for compliance with federal law. 

Regulatory
Compliance. The state laws regulating the cannabis industry are changing at a rapid pace. Currently, there are twenty-six
U.S. states and the District of Columbia that have created a legislative body to manage the medical cannabis industry. There are
also five states that have allowed recreational use. In Colorado and Washington states, cannabis is heavily regulated. It is a
critical component of our business plan both to ensure that all aspects of our operations are in compliance with all laws, policies,
guidance and regulations to which we are subject and to provide an opportunity to our customers and allies to use our services
to ensure that they, too, are in full compliance. 

8 

Industry
Breadth. We continue to create, share and leverage information and experiences with the purpose of creating awareness
and identifying opportunities to increase shareholder value. Our management team has extensive knowledge of the cannabis industry
and closely monitors changes in legislation. We work with partners who enhance our industry breadth. 

Intellectual
Property 

On
November 17, 2016, we filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO a federal trademark registration
for Hemp Pops in the category of Staple Food Products. 

Competition 

Currently,
there are a number of other companies that provide similar products and/or services, such as direct finance, leasing of real estate,
including shared workspace, warehouse sales, and consulting services to the cannabis industry. In the future we fully expect that
other companies will recognize the value of ancillary businesses serving the cannabis industry and enter into the marketplace
as competitors. 

The
cannabis industry in the United States is highly fragmented, rapidly expanding and evolving. The industry is characterized by
new and potentially disruptive or conflicting legislation propounded on a state-by-state basis. Our competitors may be local or
international enterprises and may have financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources greater than ours. These companies
may also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel and consultants. 

Our
competitive position will depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified underwriters, investment banking partners and
loan managers, consultants and advisors with industry depth, and talented managerial, operational and other personnel. Our competitive
position will also depend on our ability to develop and acquire effective proprietary products and solutions, personal relationships
of our executive officers and directors, and our ability to secure adequate capital resources. We compete to attract and retain
customers of our services. We expect to compete in this area on the basis of price, regulatory compliance, vendor relationships,
usefulness, availability, and ease of use of our services. 

Government
Regulation 

As
of January 31, 2018, there are 30 states plus the District of Columbia that have laws and/or regulation that recognize in one
form or another legitimate medical uses for cannabis and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment. Many other
states are considering similar legislation. Conversely, the federal government regulates drugs through the Controlled Substances
Act CSA ), which does not recognize the difference between medical and recreational use of cannabis. Under federal
law, cannabis is treated like every other controlled substance, such as cocaine and heroin. The federal government places every
controlled substance in a schedule, in principle according to its relative potential for abuse and medicinal value. Under the
CSA, cannabis is classified as a Schedule I drug, which means that the federal government views medical cannabis as highly addictive
and having no medical value. Pursuant to the CSA, it is unlawful for any person (1) to sell or offer for sale drug paraphernalia;
(2) to use the mails or any other facility of interstate commerce to transport drug paraphernalia; or (3) to import or export
drug paraphernalia. 

The
extent to which the regulation of drug paraphernalia under the CSA is applicable to our business and the sale of our product is
found in the definition of drug paraphernalia. Drug paraphernalia means any equipment, product, or material of any kind which
is primarily intended or designed for use in manufacturing, compounding, converting, concealing, producing processing, preparing,
injecting ingesting, inhaling or otherwise introducing into the human body a controlled substance, possession of which is unlawful.
Our products are primarily designed for general agricultural use. 

The
United States Congress previously used the rider provision in the fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017 known as the Consolidated
Appropriations Acts (formerly the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment) to thwart the federal government from using congressionally appropriated
funds to prevent states from implementing their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of medical
marijuana. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 now known as the Leahy Amendment, is a
 1.3 trillion-dollar spending bill, which will now allow continued protections for the implementation of state medical marijuana
programs through fiscal year end, September 30, 2018. 

9 

The
2018 appropriations protection, continues this provision to 46 states, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico, with the
exclusion of Idaho, Kansas, Nebraska, and South Dakota. The 2018 spending bill also continues existing provisions shielding state
industrial hemp research programs from federal interference. 

FinCEN 

The
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN provided guidance on February 14, 2014 about how financial institutions
can provide services to cannabis-related businesses consistent with their Bank Secrecy Act BSA obligations. For
purposes of the FinCEN guidelines, a financial institution includes any person doing business
in one or more of the following capacities: 

Bank
 (except bank credit card systems); 

Broker
 or dealer in securities; 

Money
 services business; 

Telegraph
 company; 

Casino; 

Card
 club; and 

A
 person sub ject to supervision by any
 state or federal bank supervisory authority. 

In
general, the decision to open, close, or refuse any particular account or relationship should be made by each financial institution
based on a number of factors specific to that institution. These factors may include its particular business objectives, an evaluation
of the risks associated with offering a particular product or service, and its capacity to manage those risks effectively. Thorough
customer due diligence is a critical aspect of making this assessment. 

In
assessing the risk of providing services to a cannabis-related business, a financial institution should conduct customer due diligence
that includes: (i) verifying with the appropriate state authorities whether the business is duly licensed and registered; (ii)
reviewing the license application (and related documentation) submitted by the business for obtaining a state license to operate
its cannabis-related business; (iii) requesting from state licensing and enforcement authorities available information about the
business and related parties; (iv) developing an understanding of the normal and expected activity for the business, including
the types of products to be sold and the type of customers to be served (e.g., medical versus recreational customers); (v) ongoing
monitoring of publicly available sources for adverse information about the business and related parties; (vi) ongoing monitoring
for suspicious activity, including for any of the red flags described in this guidance; and (vii) refreshing information obtained
as part of customer due diligence on a periodic basis and commensurate with the risk. With respect to information regarding state
licensure obtained in connection with such customer due diligence, a financial institution may reasonably rely on the accuracy
of information provided by state licensing authorities, where states make such information available. 

As
part of its customer due diligence, a financial institution should consider whether a cannabis-related business violates state
law. This is a particularly important factor for a financial institution to consider when assessing the risk of providing financial
services to a cannabis-related business. Considering this factor also enables the financial institution to provide information
in BSA reports pertinent to law enforcement s priorities. A financial institution that decides to provide financial services
to a cannabis-related business would be required to file suspicious activity reports. 

While
we believe we do not qualify as a financial institution in the United States, we cannot be certain that we do not fall under the
scope of the FinCEN guidelines. We plan to use the FinCEN Guidelines, as may be amended, as a basis for assessing our relationships
with potential tenants, clients and customers. As such, as we engage in financing activities, we intend to adhere to the guidance
of FinCEN in conducting and monitoring our financial transactions. Because this area of the law is uncertain but expected to evolve
rapidly, we believe that FinCEN s guidelines will help us best operate in a prudent, reasonable and acceptable manner. There
is no assurance, however, that our activities will not violate some aspect of the CSA. If we are found to violate the federal
statute or any other in connection with our activities, our company could face serious criminal and civil sanctions. 

We
intend to conduct rigorous due diligence to verify the legality of all activities that we engage in. We realize that there is
a discrepancy between the laws in some states, which permit the distribution and sale of medical and recreational cannabis, from
federal law that prohibits any such activities. The CSA makes it illegal under federal law to manufacture, distribute, or dispense
cannabis. Many states impose and enforce similar prohibitions. Notwithstanding the federal ban, as of the date of this filing,
twenty-six states and the District of Columbia have legalized certain cannabis-related activity. 

10 

Moreover,
since the use of cannabis is illegal under federal law, we may have difficulty acquiring or maintaining bank accounts and insurance
and our stockholders may find it difficult to deposit their stock with brokerage firms. 

Employees 

Other
than the Company s sole officer and director, we do not have any full-time employees. The Company relies on several independent
contractors and other agreements it has with other companies to provide the services needed. Each contractor has been carefully
selected to address immediate needs in particular functional areas, but also with consideration of the Company s future
needs during a period of expected rapid growth and expansion. Value is placed not only on outstanding credentials in specific
areas of functional expertise, but also on cross-functionality, a strong knowledge of content acquisition and distribution, along
with hands-on experience in scaling operations from initial beta and development stage through successful commercial deployment. 

Corporate
Contact Information 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 777 Brickell Avenue Suite 500, Miami, Florida 33131; Telephone No.: (305) 721-2727.
Our website is located at http://www.AgritekHoldings.com . The content on our website is available for informational
purposes only. It should not be relied upon for investment purposes, nor is it incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 

Available
Information 

The
public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC, including our annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports,
proxy statements, information statements and other information, at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE,
Washington, DC 20549, on official business days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. The public may obtain information on the
operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . 

ITEM
1A RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information provided to you in this document, including
information in the section of this document entitled Forward-Looking Statements. The risks and uncertainties described
below are not the only ones facing the Company. If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company s business, financial
condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Investors
should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as
of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect
events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated
events or circumstances. Our business, financial condition and/or results of operation may be materially adversely affected by
the nature and impact of these risks. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of such
factors. Further, we cannot assess the impact of each such factor on our results of operations or the extent to which any factor,
or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

Risk
Related to Our Company 

Our
independent auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
incurred a net loss of 9,153,310 and 2,977,889 for the years ending December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Because of our
continued operating losses, negative cash flows from operations and working capital deficit, in their report on our financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2017, our independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph regarding their substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We will continue to experience net operating losses in the foreseeable
future. Our ability to continue as a going concern is subject to our ability to generate a profit and/or obtain necessary funding
from outside sources, including obtaining additional funding from the sale of our securities, increasing sales or obtaining loan
from various financial institutions where possible. Our continued net operating losses increase the difficulty in meeting such
goals and there can be no assurances that such methods will prove successful. 

11 

Federal
regulation and enforcement may adversely affect the implementation of medical marijuana laws and regulations may negatively impact
our revenues and profits. 

Currently,
there are 30 states plus the District of Columbia that have laws and/or regulation that recognize in one form or another legitimate
medical uses for cannabis and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment. Many other states are considering
similar legislation. Conversely, under the Controlled Substances Act (the CSA ), the policy and regulations of the
Federal government and its agencies is that cannabis has no medical benefit and a range of activities including cultivation and
use of cannabis for personal use is prohibited. Until Congress amends the CSA with respect to medical marijuana, there is a risk
that federal authorities may enforce current federal law, and we may be deemed to be facilitating the selling or distribution
of drug paraphernalia in violation of federal law. Active enforcement of the current federal regulatory position on cannabis may
thus indirectly and adversely affect revenues and profits of the Company. The risk of strict enforcement of the CSA in light of
congressional activity, judicial holdings and stated federal policy remains uncertain. 

Federal
authorities have not focused their resources on such tangential or secondary violations of the Act, nor have they threatened to
do so, with respect to the leasing of real property or the sale of equipment that might be used by medical cannabis gardeners,
or with respect to any supplies marketed to participants in the emerging medical cannabis industry. We are unaware of such a broad
application of the CSA by federal authorities, and we believe that such an attempted application would be unprecedented. 

The
Company may provide services to and potentially handle monies for businesses in the legal cannabis industry. 

Selling
or distributing medical or retail cannabis is deemed to be illegal under the Federal Controlled Substances Act even though such
activities may be permissible under state law. A risk exists that our lending and services could be deemed to be facilitating
the selling or distribution of cannabis in violation of the federal Controlled Substances Act, or to constitute aiding or abetting,
or being an accessory to, a violation of that Act. Such a finding, claim, or accusation would likely severely limit the Company s
ability to continue with its operations and may result in our investors losing all of their investment in our Company. 

The
legal cannabis industry faces an uncertain legal environment on state, federal, and local levels. 

Although we continually monitor the most recent legal developments affecting
the legal cannabis industry, the legal environment in California and elsewhere could shift in a manner not currently contemplated
by the Company. For example, while we think there will always be a place for compliance-related services, broader state and federal
legalization could render the compliance landscape significantly less technical, which would render our suite of compliance services
less valuable and marketable. Lending money to legal cannabis participants could also be subject to legal challenge if the federal
government or another jurisdiction decides to more actively enforce applicable laws. These unknown legal developments could directly
and indirectly harm our business and results of operations. 

Profit
sharing, distributions, and equity ownership in California medical marijuana dispensaries and growing operations are not permissible.

The Company does not currently maintain an ownership interest in legal cannabis dispensaries or
growing operations in California or elsewhere. We believe such ownership is not permitted by applicable law. Investors should
be aware that the Company will not engage in such activity until such time as it is legally permissible. If the applicable laws
make it so that the Company is unable to own interests in legal cannabis dispensaries in growing operations ever, the Company
may not be able to attain its financial projections, and thus, this would directly and indirectly harm our business and results
of operations. 

We
depend on third party providers for a reliable Internet infrastructure and the failure of these third parties, or the Internet
in general, for any reason would significantly impair our ability to conduct our business. 

We
outsource all of our data center facility management to third parties who host the actual servers and provide power and security
in multiple data centers in each geographic location. These third party facilities require uninterrupted access to the Internet.
If the operation of our servers is interrupted for any reason, including natural disaster, financial insolvency of a third party
provider, or malicious electronic intrusion into the data center, our business would be significantly damaged. If either a third
party facility failed, or our ability to access the Internet was interfered with because of the failure of Internet equipment
in general or we become subject to malicious attacks of computer intruders, our business and operating results will be materially
adversely affected. 

12 

The
gathering, transmission, storage and sharing or use of personal information could give rise to liabilities or additional costs
of operation as a result of governmental regulation, legal requirements, civil actions or differing views of personal privacy
rights. 

We
transmit and plan to store a large volume of personal information in the course of providing our services. Federal and state laws
and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of data that we receive from our customers and their
users. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with U.S. federal or state privacy or consumer protection-related laws,
regulations or industry self-regulatory principles could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities
or others, which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Additionally,
we may also be contractually liable to indemnify and hold harmless our customers from the costs or consequences of inadvertent
or unauthorized disclosure of their customers personal data which we store or handle as part of providing our services. 

The
interpretation and application of privacy, data protection and data retention laws and regulations are currently unsettled particularly
with regard to location-based services, use of customer data to target advertisements and communication with consumers via mobile
devices. Such laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current data
protection policies and practices. Complying with these varying international requirements could cause us to incur substantial
costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business, operating results or financial condition. 

As
privacy and data protection have become more sensitive issues, we may also become exposed to potential liabilities as a result
of differing views on the privacy of personal information. These and other privacy concerns, including security breaches, could
adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 

In
the U.S., we have voluntarily agreed to comply with wireless carrier technological and other requirements for access to their
customers mobile devices, and also trade association guidelines and codes of conduct addressing the provision of location-based
services, delivery of promotional content to mobile devices and tracking of users or devices for the purpose of delivering targeted
advertising. We could be adversely affected by changes to these requirements, guidelines and codes, including in ways that are
inconsistent with our practices or in conflict with the rules or guidelines in other jurisdictions. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which could, if not remediated, result in
material misstatements in our financial statements. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). A material weakness
is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017, management identified material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting as discussed in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As a result of these material weaknesses,
our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-An Integrated Framework. We are planning to
engage in developing a remediation plan designed to address these material weaknesses. If our remedial measures are insufficient
to address the material weaknesses, or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control are
discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements and we could be required
to restate our financial results, which could lead to substantial additional costs for accounting and legal fees and shareholder
litigation. 

We
may require additional capital in the future, which may not be available or may only be available on unfavorable terms. 

We
monitor our capital adequacy on an ongoing basis. To the extent that our funds are insufficient to fund future operating requirements,
we may need to raise additional funds through corporate finance transactions or curtail our growth and reduce our liabilities.
Any equity, hybrid or debt financing, if available at all, may be on terms that are not favorable to us. If we cannot obtain adequate
capital on favorable terms or at all, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 

13 

Risks
Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Although
there is presently a market for our common stock, the price of our common stock may be extremely volatile and investors may not
be able to sell their shares at or above their purchase price, or at all. We anticipate that the market may be potentially highly
volatile and may fluctuate substantially because of: 

Actual or anticipated fluctuations in our future
 business and operating results; 

Changes in or failure to meet market expectations; 

Fluctuations in stock market price and volume 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, B. Michael Friedman, holds Series B Preferred Stock which will provide him continuing voting control
over the Company and, as a result, he will exercise significant control over corporate decisions. 

B.
Michael Friedman, our President, Chief Executive Office and sole Director owns 100 of Class B Preferred Stock (the Series
B Preferred Stock ). Pursuant to the Certificate of Designation, the Series B P ref e r red
 S tock has the right to vote in aggregate, on all shareholder matters equal to 51 
of the total vote, no matter how many shares of common stock or other voting stock of the Company are issued or outstanding in
the future. The Series B Preferred Stock has a right to vote on all matters presented or submitted to the Company s stockholders
for approval in pari passu with the common stockholders, and not as a separate class. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock
have the right to cast votes for each share of Series B Preferred Stock held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of common
stockholders, including the election of directors. There is no right to cumulative voting in the election of directors. The holders
of Series B Preferred Stock vote together with all other classes and series of common stock of the Company as a single class on
all actions to be taken by the common stockholders except to the extent that voting as a separate class or series is required
by law. 

As
a result of the above, Mr. Friedman exercises control in determining the outcome of corporate transactions or other matters, including
the election of directors, mergers, consolidations, the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and also the power to
prevent or cause a change in control. Any investors who purchase shares will be minority shareholders and as such will have no
say in the direction of the Company and the election of Directors. Investors in the Company should keep in mind that even if you
own shares of the Company's common stock and wish to vote them at annual or special shareholder meetings, your shares will have
no effect on the outcome of corporate decisions or the election of Directors. Furthermore, investors should be aware that Mr.
Friedman may choose to elect new Directors to the Board of Directors of the Company and/or take the Company in a new business
direction altogether, and, as a result, current shareholders of the Company will have little to no say in such matters. 

As
a public company, we will incur substantial expenses. 

The
U.S. securities laws require, among other things, review, audit, and public reporting of our financial results, business activities,
and other matters. Recent SEC regulation, including regulation enacted as a result of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has also
substantially increased the accounting, legal, and other costs related to becoming and remaining an SEC reporting company. If
we do not have current information about our Company available to market makers, they will not be able to trade our stock. The
public company costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited
reports to stockholders, will cause our expenses to be higher than they would be if we were privately-held. These increased costs
may be material and may include the hiring of additional employees and/or the retention of additional advisors and professionals.
Our failure to comply with the federal securities laws could result in private or governmental legal action against us and/or
our officers and directors, which could have a detrimental effect on our business and finances, the value of our stock, and the
ability of stockholders to resell their stock. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

FINRA 
has adopted rules that relate to the application of the SEC s penny stock rules in trading our securities and require that
a broker/dealer have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer, prior to recommending
the investment. Prior to recommending speculative, low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker/dealers
must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives
and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative,
low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker/dealers
to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity and
liquidity of our common stock. Further, many brokers charge higher transactional fees for penny stock transactions. As a result,
fewer broker/dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock, reducing a shareholder s ability to resell shares
of our common stock. 

14 

The
Company s common stock is currently deemed to be penny stock , which makes it more difficult for investors
to sell their shares . 

The
Company s common stock is currently subject to the penny stock rules adopted under section 15(g) of the Exchange
Act. The penny stock rules apply to companies whose common stock is not listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market or other national securities
exchange and trades at less than 5.00 per share or that have tangible net worth of less than 5,000,000 2,000,000 if the company
has been operating for three or more years). These rules require, among other things, that brokers who trade penny stock to persons
other than established customers complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries of investors and provide
investors with certain information concerning trading in the security, including a risk disclosure document and quote information
under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock
rules and, as a result, the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. If the Company
remains subject to the penny stock rules for any significant period, it could have an adverse effect on the market, if any, for
the Company s securities. If the Company s securities are subject to the penny stock rules, investors will find it
more difficult to dispose of the Company s securities. 

We
have raised capital through the use of convertible debt instruments that causes substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

Because
of the size of our Company and its status as a penny stock as well as the current economy and difficulties in companies
our size finding adequate sources of funding, we have been forced to raise capital through the issuance of convertible notes and
other debt instruments. These debt instruments carry favorable conversion terms to their holders of up to 42 discounts to the
market price of our common stock on conversion and in some cases provide for the immediate sale of our securities into the open
market. Accordingly, this has caused dilution to our stockholders in 2017 and may for the foreseeable future. As of December 31,
2017, we had approximately 979,443 in convertible debt and potential convertible debt outstanding. This convertible debt balance
as well as additional convertible debt we incur in the future will cause substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

Because
we are quoted on the OTCQB instead of an exchange or national quotation system, our investors may have a tougher time selling
their stock or experience negative volatility on the market price of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB. The OTCQB is often highly illiquid, in part because it does not have a national quotation
system by which potential investors can follow the market price of shares except through information received and generated by
a limited number of broker-dealers that make markets in particular stocks. There is a greater chance of volatility for securities
that are quoted on the OTCQB as compared to a national exchange or quotation system. This volatility may be caused by a variety
of factors, including the lack of readily available price quotations, the absence of consistent administrative supervision of
bid and ask quotations, lower trading volume, and market conditions. Investors in our common stock may experience high fluctuations
in the market price and volume of the trading market for our securities. These fluctuations, when they occur, have a negative
effect on the market price for our securities. Accordingly, our stockholders may not be able to realize a fair price from their
shares when they determine to sell them or may have to hold them for a substantial period of time until the market for our common
stock improves. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We may not have sufficient funds to legally
pay dividends. Even if funds are legally available to pay dividends, we may nevertheless decide in our sole discretion not to
pay dividends. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors,
and will depend upon, among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital
requirements, and other factors our board of directors may consider relevant. There is no assurance that we will pay any dividends
in the future, and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. 

Our
operating history and lack of profits which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable to sell your
common shares at or above your purchase price, which may result in substantial losses to you. The market price for our common
shares is particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly traded public float. 

15 

The
market for our common shares is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect
that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The volatility in our
share price is attributable to a number of factors. First, our common shares are sporadically and thinly traded. As a consequence
of this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence
the price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously in the event
that a large number of our common shares are sold on the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer
which could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share price. Secondly, we are a speculative or risky 
investment due to our limited operating history and lack of profits to date, and uncertainty of future market acceptance for our
potential products. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most
of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more
quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. Many of these factors are beyond
our control and may decrease the market price of our common shares, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any
predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common shares will be at any time, including as to whether
our common shares will sustain their current market prices, or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability of
common shares for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price. 

Shareholders
should be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns
of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (1) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often
related to the promoter or issuer; (2) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and
misleading press releases; (3) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by
inexperienced sales persons; (4) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (5)
the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level,
along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the
abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the
behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical
limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. The occurrence of these patterns
or practices could increase the volatility of our share price. 

Federal
regulation and enforcement may adversely affect the implementation of marijuana laws and regulations may negatively impact our
revenues and profits . 

Currently,
there are thirty states plus the District of Columbia that have laws and/or regulation that recognize in one form or another legitimate
medical uses for cannabis and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment. There are currently two states that
have laws and/or regulation that permits consumer use of cannabis for commercial and recreational purposes. Many other states
are considering legislation to similar effect. As of the date of this writing, the policy and regulations of the Federal government
and its agencies is that cannabis has no medical benefit and a range of activities including cultivation and use of cannabis for
personal use is prohibited on the basis of federal law and may or may not be permitted on the basis of state law. Active enforcement
of the current federal regulatory position on cannabis on a regional or national basis may directly and adversely affect the willingness
of customers of the Company to invest in or lease properties from the Company that may be used in connection with cannabis. Active
enforcement of the current federal regulatory position on cannabis may thus indirectly and adversely affect revenues and profits
of the Company. 

We
may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities or restrictions related to properties that we acquire for which we may have
limited or no recourse. 

Assets
and entities that we have acquired or may acquire in the future may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which
we may have limited or no recourse against the sellers. Unknown or contingent liabilities might include liabilities for or with
respect to liens attached to properties, unpaid real estate tax, or utilities charges for which a subsequent owner remains liable,
clean-up or remediation of environmental conditions or code violations, claims of customers, vendors or other persons dealing
with the acquired entities and tax liabilities, among other things. 

16 

Our
revenue and expenses are not directly correlated, and because a large percentage of our costs and expenses are fixed, we may not
be able to adapt our cost structure to offset declines in our revenue. 

Most
of the expenses associated with our business, such as acquisition costs, renovation and maintenance costs, real estate taxes,
personal and ad valorem taxes, insurance, utilities, employee wages and benefits and other general corporate expenses are fixed
and do not necessarily decrease with a reduction in revenue from our business. Our expenses and ongoing capital expenditures will
also be affected by inflationary increases and certain of our cost increases may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period.
By contrast, as described above, our rental income will be affected by many factors beyond our control such as the availability
of alternative rental properties and economic conditions in our target markets. As a result, we may not be able to fully offset
rising costs and capital spending by higher lease rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and cash available for distribution. In addition, state and local regulations may require us to maintain properties that we own,
even if the cost of maintenance is greater than the value of the property or any potential benefit from leasing the property. 

Our
future portfolio consists of properties geographically concentrated in certain markets and any adverse developments in local economic
conditions, the demand for commercial property in these markets or natural disasters may negatively affect our operating results.

Our
future portfolio consists of properties geographically concentrated in Colorado. As such, we are susceptible to local economic
conditions, other regulations, the supply of and demand for commercial rental properties and natural disasters in these areas.
If there is a downturn in the economy, an oversupply of or decrease in demand for commercial rental properties in these markets
or natural disasters in these geographical areas, our business could be materially adversely affected to a greater extent than
if we owned a real estate portfolio that was more geographically diversified. 

We
may be subject to losses that are either uninsurable, not economically insurable or that are in excess of our insurance coverage.

Our
properties may be subject to environmental liabilities and we will be exposed to personal liability for accidents which may occur
on our properties. Our insurance may not be adequate to cover all damages or losses from these events, or it may not be economically
prudent to purchase insurance for certain types of losses. As a result, we may be required to incur significant costs in the event
of adverse weather conditions and natural disasters or events which result in environmental or personal liability. We may not
carry or may discontinue certain types of insurance coverage on some or all of our properties in the future if the cost of premiums
for any of these policies in our judgment exceeds the value of the coverage discounted for the risk of loss. If we experience
losses that are uninsured or exceed policy limits, we could incur significant uninsured costs or liabilities, lose the capital
invested in the properties, and lose the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, our environmental or
personal liability may result in losses substantially in excess of the value of the related property. 

Compliance
with new or existing laws, regulations and covenants that are applicable to our future properties, including permit, license and
zoning requirements, may adversely affect our ability to make future acquisitions or renovations, result in significant costs
or delays and adversely affect our growth strategy. 

Our
future properties are subject to various covenants and local laws and regulatory requirements, including permitting and licensing
requirements. Local regulations, including municipal or local ordinances, zoning restrictions and restrictive covenants imposed
by community developers may restrict our use of our properties and may require us to obtain approval from local officials or community
standards organizations at any time with respect to our properties, including prior to acquiring a property or when undertaking
renovations of any of our existing properties. We cannot assure you that existing regulatory policies will not adversely affect
us or the timing or cost of any future acquisitions or renovations, or that additional regulations will not be adopted that would
increase such delays or result in additional costs. Our failure to obtain permits, licenses and zoning approvals on a timely basis
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Poor
tenant selection and defaults by renters may negatively affect our financial performance and reputation. 

17 

Our
success will depend in large part upon our ability to attract and retain qualified tenants for our properties. This will depend,
in turn, upon our ability to screen applicants, identify good tenants and avoid tenants who may default. We will inevitably make
mistakes in our selection of tenants, and we may rent to tenants whose default on our leases or failure to comply with the terms
of the lease negatively affect our financial performance, reputation and the quality and value of our properties. For example,
tenants may default on payment of rent, make unreasonable and repeated demands for service or improvements, make unsupported or
unjustified complaints to regulatory or political authorities, make use of our properties for illegal purposes, damage or make
unauthorized structural changes to our properties which may not be fully covered by security deposits, refuse to leave the property
when the lease is terminated, engage in violence or similar disturbances, disturb nearby residents with noise, trash, odors or
eyesores, fail to comply with regulations, sublet to less desirable individuals in violation of our leases, or permit unauthorized
persons to live therein. The process of evicting a defaulting renter from a commercial property can be adversarial, protracted
and costly. Furthermore, some tenants facing eviction may damage or destroy the property. Damage to our properties may significantly
delay re-leasing after eviction, necessitate expensive repairs or impair the rental income or value of the property, resulting
in a lower than expected rate of return. In addition, we will incur turnover costs associated with re-leasing the properties such
as marketing and brokerage commissions and will not collect revenue while the property sits vacant. Although we will attempt to
work with tenants to prevent such damage or destruction, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in all or most cases.
Such tenants will not only cause us not to achieve our financial objectives for the properties, but may subject us to liability,
and may damage our reputation with our other tenants and in the communities where we do business. 

Declining
real estate valuations and impairment charges could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. 

Our
success will depend upon our ability to acquire rental properties at attractive valuations, such that we can earn a satisfactory
return on the investment primarily through rental income and secondarily through increases in the value of the properties. If
we overpay for properties or if their value subsequently drops or fails to rise because of market factors, we will not achieve
our financial objectives. 

We
will periodically review the value of our properties to determine whether their value, based on market factors, projected income
and generally accepted accounting principles, has permanently decreased such that it is necessary or appropriate to take an impairment
loss in the relevant accounting period. Such a loss would cause an immediate reduction of net income in the applicable accounting
period and would be reflected in a decrease in our balance sheet assets. The reduction of net income from an impairment loss could
lead to a reduction in our dividends, both in the relevant accounting period and in future periods. Even if we do not determine
that it is necessary or appropriate to record an impairment loss, a reduction in the intrinsic value of a property would become
manifest over time through reduced income from the property and would therefore affect our earnings and financial condition. 

Increasing
real estate taxes, fees and insurance costs may negatively impact our financial results. 

The
cost of real estate taxes and insuring our properties is a significant component of our expenses. Real estate taxes, fees and
insurance premiums are subject to significant increases, which can be outside of our control. If the costs associated with real
estate taxes, fees and assessments or insurance should rise significantly and we are unable to raise rents to offset such increases,
our results of operations would be negatively impacted. 

We
may not be able to effectively manage our growth, which requires significant resources, and our results may be adversely affected.

We
plan to continue our acquisition strategy, which will demand significant resources and attention and may affect our financial
performance. Our future operating results depend on our ability to effectively manage this growth, which is dependent, in part,
upon the ability of the Company to: 

stabilize and manage a rapidly increasing
 number of properties and tenant relationships while maintaining a high level of customer service and building and enhancing
 our brand; 

identify and supervise an increasing number of
 suitable third parties on which we rely on to provide certain services to our properties; 

continue to improve our operational and financial
 controls and reporting procedures and systems; and, 

scale our technology and
 other infrastructure platforms to adequately service new properties. 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve these results or that we may otherwise be able to manage our growth effectively.
Any failure to do so may have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

18 

Should
one or more of the foregoing risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 

Owned
Real Estate 

The
Company owns approximately 80 acres real property, including all buildings, fixtures and equipment located in Pueblo County, Colorado.
The Company acquired the property for the purpose of making it suitable for use in the legal commercial cannabis industry. 

Office
Space 

Our
corporate offices are located at 777 Brickell Avenue Suite 500, Miami, FL 33131. We can be reached by phone at 1 (305) 721-2727
and by email at info@Agritekholdings.com 

Leased
Properties 

On
April 28, 2014, the Company executed and closed a 10 year lease agreement for 20 acres of an agricultural farming facility located
in South Florida following the approval of the so-called Charlotte s Web legislation, aimed at decriminalizing
low grade marijuana specifically for the use of treating epilepsy and cancer patients. The Company prepaid the first-year
lease amount of 24,000. The Company is currently in default of the lease agreement, as
rents have not been for the second year of the lease beginning May 2015. 

On
July 11, 2014, the Company signed a ten year lease agreement for an additional 40 acres
in Pueblo, Colorado. The lease requires monthly rent payments of 10,000 during the first year and is subject to a 2 annual increase
over the life of the lease. The lease also provides rights to 50 acres of certain tenant water rights for 50,000 annually plus
cost of approximately 2,400 annually. The Company paid the 50,000 in July 2014. The Company is currently in default of the lease
agreement, as rents have not been paid since February 2015. 

In
January 2017, the Company signed a five (5) year lease, beginning February 1, 2107, for approximately 6,000 square feet of office
space, comprised of two floors, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Pursuant to the lease, the Company will pay 3,000 per month for the
third floor of the building for the first year of the lease. The rent will increase 3 per year on February beginning in 2018
and an additional 3 per year on each successive February 1, during the term of the lease. The landlord has agreed that for the
month of February 2017, the rent will be 1,500. The rent for second floor of the building will be 2,000 per month during the
term of the lease and the Company does not have any rent payments for the first three months of the lease (February 2017 through
April 2017). Through September 30, 2017, the Company calculated the total amount of the rent for the term lease and recorded straight
line rent expense of 45,417 and had made payments of 20,516. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has a balance of 24,916 in
deferred rent which is included in the consolidated balance sheet. The leases for the second and third floor were cancelled in
September 2017, as a result of Hurricane Irma. 

On
December 1, 2016, the Company signed a one (1) year lease for a corporate apartment in Puerto Rico for 5,500 per month. This
lease expired in November 30, 2017. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

On
March 2, 2015, the Company, the Company s CEO and the Company s CFO at the time were named in a civil
complaint filed by Erick Rodriguez in the District Court in Clark County, Nevada (the DCCC ). The complaint
alleges that Mr. Rodriguez never received 250,000 shares of Series B preferred stock that were initially approved by the
Board of Directors in 2012, subject to the completion of a merger of a company controlled by Mr. Rodriguez. Since the merger
was never completed, the shares were never certificated to Mr. Rodriguez. On March 21, 2017, the DCC agreed to Set Aside the
Entry of Default against the Defendants. Mr. Rodriguez resigned in June 2013. On April 12, 2018, the Arbitrator issued a
final award to Rodriguez in the amount of 399,291. The Company and the Company s counsel believe the Arbitrator denied
a number of detailed objections to the award, which cited clear mistakes as to Nevada law and to the facts. The Company has
retained a Nevada attorney who is an expert in fighting attempts to convert arbitration awards into judgments in Nevada
courts, to work with our arbitration counsel. The Company recorded a loss on legal matter, included in other expenses for the
year ended December 31, 2017. 

19 

On
May 6, 2016, the Company, B. Michael Freidman and Barry Hollander (former CFO) were named as defendants in a Summons/Complaint
filed by Justin Braune (the Plaintiff in Palm Beach County Civil Court, Florida (the PBCCC ). The
complaint alleges that Mr. Braune was entitled to shares of common stock of the Company. On December 5, 2016, the PBCCC set aside
a court default that had been previously issued. The defendants have answered the complaint, including the defenses that Mr. Braune
advised the Company s transfer agent and the Company in his letter of resignation dated November 4, 2015, clearly stating
that he has relinquished all shares of common stock. The Company has filed a counterclaim suit against the Plaintiff, as well
as sanctions against the Plaintiff and their counsel. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The
Company s common stock is traded in the over-the-counter market, and quoted on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets Group Inc.
under the symbol AGTK. 

(a)
Market Information 

The
following table sets forth for the periods indicated the high and low bid quotations for our common stock. These quotations represent
inter-dealer quotations, without adjustment for retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Period 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal
 Year 2017 

First
 Quarter (January 1, 2017 March 31, 2017) 
 0.0336 
 0.0011 
 
 Second
 Quarter (April 1, 2017 June 30, 2017) 
 0.0072 
 0.002 
 
 Third
 Quarter (July 1, 2017 September 30, 2017) 
 0.0069 
 0.0014 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter (October 1, 2017 December 31,2017) 
 0.0586 
 0.0065 

Fiscal
 Year 2016 

First
 Quarter (January 1, 2016 March 31, 2016) 
 0.0109 
 0.0011 
 
 Second
 Quarter (April 1, 2016 June 30, 2016) 
 0.0072 
 0.002 
 
 Third
 Quarter (July 1, 2016 - September 30, 2016) 
 0.0069 
 0.0014 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter (October 1, 2016 December 31, 2016) 
 0.0586 
 0.0065 

(b)
Holders 

The
number of record holders of our common stock as of March 31, 2018, was approximately 265. This excludes shareholders who hold
their stock in street name. The Company estimates that there are over 10,000 stockholders who hold their shares of common stock
in street name. 

(c)
Dividends 

The
Company did not declare any cash dividends for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. Our Board of Directors does not intend
to distribute any cash dividends in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made
at the discretion of the Board of Directors, and will depend upon, among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows
and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the Board of Directors considers relevant. There
is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount
of any such dividend. 

20 

(d)
Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plan s 

None 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued the following shares of common stock upon the conversions of portions of
the Convertible Notes: 

Date 
 Principal
 Conversion 
 Interest
 Conversion 
 Total
 Conversion 
 Conversion
 Price 
 Shares
 Issued 
 Issued
 to 
 
 1/10/17 
 73,000 
 5,664 
 78,664 
 0.01595 
 4,931,912 
 Cerberus 
 
 1/17/17 
 57,500 
 4,562 
 62,062 
 0.01537 
 4,037,878 
 LG 
 
 1/27/17 
 48,129 
 3,914 
 52,043 
 0.01276 
 4,078,598 
 Cerberus 
 
 2/8/17 
 60,000 
 5,050 
 65,050 
 0.012934 
 5,029,369 
 LG 
 
 2/27/17 
 26,120 
 2,171 
 28,291 
 0.013804 
 2,049,467 
 Cerberus 
 
 3/10/17 
 40,000 
 3,630 
 43,630 
 0.01363 
 3,200,997 
 LG 
 
 3/27/17 
 34,775 
 3,255 
 38,030 
 0.012876 
 2,953,523 
 Cerberus 
 
 3/28/17 
 65,625 
 3,697 
 69,322 
 0.01276 
 5,432,725 
 LG 
 
 4/25/17 
 76,081 
 4,752 
 80,833 
 0.009744 
 8,295,680 
 LG 
 
 5/10/17 
 22,000 
 2,199 
 24,199 
 0.008 
 3,023,338 
 Cerberus 
 
 5/10/17 
 20,640 
 9,360 
 30,000 
 0.0075 
 4,000,000 
 St Georges 
 
 5/25/17 
 29,052 
 947 
 30,000 
 0.00564 
 5,319,149 
 St Georges 
 
 6/6/17 
 32,813 
 2,999 
 35,811 
 .00551 
 6,499,359 
 LG 
 
 6/8/17 
 34,100 
 900 
 35,000 
 0.00564 
 6,205,674 
 St Georges 
 
 6/9/17 
 22,000 
 1,500 
 23,500 
 0.00551 
 4,264,903 
 Cerberus 
 
 6/29/17 
 48,849 
 1,151 
 50,000 
 .00564 
 8,865,248 
 St Georges 
 
 6/30/17 
 30,625 
 2,960 
 33,585 
 0.0058 
 5,790,541 
 LG 
 
 7/17/17 
 37,358 
 733 
 38,091 
 0.00564 
 6,753,817 
 St Georges 
 
 7/25/17 
 35,000 
 3,575 
 38,575 
 0.005568 
 6,927,943 
 LG 
 
 7/26/17 
 28,000 
 1,117 
 29,117 
 0.005568 
 5,229,334 
 Cerberus 
 
 8/15/17 
 35,199 
 409 
 35,608 
 0.0058 
 6,139,276 
 LG 
 
 8/29/17 
 38,000 
 558 
 38,558 
 0.005858 
 6,582,115 
 LG 
 
 9/19/17 
 34,500 
 665 
 35,165 
 0.008178 
 4,300,002 
 LG 
 
 10/9/17 
 30,000 
 710 
 30,710 
 0.007076 
 4,340,042 
 LG 
 
 10/23/17 
 30,000 
 802 
 30,802 
 0.006090 
 5,057,830 
 LG 
 
 11/6/17 
 28,376 
 6,624 
 35,000 
 0.005640 
 6,205,674 
 St Georges 
 
 11/6/17 
 19,500 
 1,218 
 20,718 
 0.005858 
 3,536,715 
 LG 
 
 11/13/17 
 35,000 
 2,240 
 37,240 
 0.005858 
 6,357,118 
 Cerberus 
 
 11/14/17 
 26,624 
 428 
 27,052 
 0.005640 
 4,796,452 
 St Georges 
 
 11/15/17 
 75.000 
 4,833 
 79,833 
 0.005742 
 13,903,322 
 LG 
 
 12/1/17 
 32,813 
 453 
 33,266 
 0.005742 
 5,793,378 
 LG 
 
 12/5/17 
 16,756 
 1,105 
 17,861 
 0.005640 
 3,166,816 
 St Georges 
 
 12/7/17 
 32,813 
 2,567 
 35,380 
 0.005916 
 5,980,387 
 LG 
 
 12/15/17 
 52,000 
 889 
 52,889 
 0.005916 
 8,939,991 
 LG 
 
 12/28/17 
 42,000 
 2,209 
 44,209 
 0.006728 
 6,570,945 
 Cerberus 

1,350,247 
 89,846 
 1,440,093 
 
 194,559,520 

In
addition to the above, during the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company: 

On
January 16, 2017, the Company entered into a Business Consultant Agreement (the BCA ). Pursuant to the BCA, the Company
issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock for services to be provided to the Company related to business development, product marketing,
helping identify mergers and acquisition candidates, and will consult with and advise the Company on matters pertaining to business
modeling and strategic alliances. The Company valued the shares at 0.0267 per share (the market price of the common stock) and
recorded stock compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2017, of 133,500. 

21 

On
January 27, 2017, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to Kopelowitz Ostrow P.A. KO pursuant to a Debt Settlement and Release Agreement (the Debt Settlement by and between the Company and KO. Among
the terms of the Debt Settlement was the forgiveness of 24,614 of debt the Company owed KO for legal services provided. 

On
January 30, 2017, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Venture Equity. The Company valued the shares at 0.03
per share (the market price of the common stock) and cancelled of 13,169 of accrued and unpaid fees owed Venture Equity and recorded
stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2017, of 16,831. 

Also,
on January 30, 2017, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock to the Company s CEO. The shares were issued for
services performed as the sole Officer and director of the Company since November 2014. The Company valued the shares at 0.0301
per share (the market price of the common stock) and for the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded stock compensation expense,
management, of 301,000. 

On
June 19, 2017, the Company issued 1,319,149 shares of common stock to St. George pursuant to the true-up terms and
conditions of the St. George note. 

On
August 8, 2017, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock for compensation for services of the Company s chief
operating officer. The Company valued the shares at 0.0123 per share (the market price of the common stock) and for the year
ended December 31, 2017, recorded stock compensation expense, management, of 24,600. 

On
August 8, 2017, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock for the property known as the 420 Style resort
and estate, located in Canada (see note 11). The Company valued the shares at 0.0123 per share (the market price of the common
stock) and has included 61,500 in stock- based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2017, the company issued 52,574,335 shares of common stock to St. George pursuant to Notices of Exercise
of Warrant received. The shares were issued based upon the cashless exercise provision of the warrant. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company issued the following shares of common stock upon the conversions of portions of
the 2014 Company Note and portions of the 2015 Convertible Notes: 

Date 
 Principal
 Conversion 
 Interest
 Conversion 
 Total
 Conversion 
 Conversion
 Price 
 Shares
 Issued 
 Issued
 to 
 
 12/28/16 
 45,000 
 3,511 
 48,511 
 0.015080 
 3,216,925 
 LG 
 
 12/13/16 
 9,500 
 400 
 9,900 
 0.000754 
 13,129,683 
 Cerberus 
 
 9/26/16 
 8,613 
 629 
 9,242 
 0.001218 
 7,587,824 
 LG 
 
 7/29/16 
 7,500 
 801 
 8,301 
 0.000081 
 10,222,352 
 LG 
 
 7/20/16 
 9,500 
 995 
 10,495 
 0.000098 
 10,644,310 
 LG 
 
 7/12/16 
 9,000 
 927 
 9,927 
 0.000986 
 10,068,073 
 LG 
 
 7/1/16 
 8,000 
 805 
 8,805 
 0.001160 
 7,590,362 
 LG 
 
 6/22/16 
 5,000 
 973 
 5,973 
 0.001450 
 4,119,414 
 GW 
 
 6/20/16 
 10,500 
 1,003 
 11,503 
 0.001450 
 7,933,377 
 Cerberus 
 
 6/20/16 
 5,000 
 967 
 5,967 
 0.001450 
 4,114,879 
 GW 
 
 6/20/16 
 6,000 
 589 
 6,589 
 0.001450 
 4,544,241 
 LG 
 
 6/10/16 
 6,075 
 1,134 
 7,209 
 0.001798 
 4,009,701 
 GW 
 
 6/9/16 
 5,000 
 479 
 5,479 
 0.001798 
 3,047,219 
 LG 
 
 6/2/16 
 9,000 
 848 
 9,848 
 0.002378 
 4,141,387 
 Cerberus 
 
 5/23/16 
 5,000 
 460 
 5,460 
 0.002436 
 2,241,490 
 LG 
 
 3/17/16 
 9,000 
 696 
 9,696 
 0.002436 
 3,980,431 
 LG 
 
 3/17/16 
 3,000 
 138 
 3,138 
 0.000638 
 4,918,624 
 Service 
 
 3/8/16 
 7,425 
 928 
 8,353 
 0.00174 
 4,800,354 
 GW 
 
 3/7/16 
 6,500 
 489 
 6,989 
 0.00174 
 4,016,471 
 LG 

174,613 
 16,772 
 191,385 
 
 114,327,117 

22 

In
addition to the above during the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company: 

On
November 7, 2016, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock and completed the stock purchase for the acquisition of
Sterling Classic Compassion, LLC. Sterling ). 

All
such shares were issued in reliance on the exemption found in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Each
share recipient was provided with access to information which would be required to be included in a registration statement and
such issuances did not involve a public offering. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following is management s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors that have affected our financial position
and operating results during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, as well as information
relating to the plans of our current management. This report includes forward-looking statements. Generally, the words believes, 
 anticipates, may, will, should, expect, intend, 
 estimate, continue, and similar expressions or the negative thereof or comparable terminology are
intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including the
matters set forth in this report or other reports or documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to
time, which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those projected. Undue reliance should not be placed
on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking
statements. 

The
independent auditors reports on our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 includes a going
concern explanatory paragraph that describes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to the factors prompting the explanatory paragraph are discussed below and also in Note 10 to the consolidated
financial statements filed herein. 

While
our financial statements are presented on the basis that we are a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business over a reasonable length of time, our auditors have raised
a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
ended December 31, 2017 compared to December 31, 2016 

Revenues 

Revenues
for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were 50,000 and 3,228, respectively. Revenues for the year ended December 31,
2017, were comprised of consulting fees of 48,000 and other fees of 2,000. 

Cost of Sales 

For
the year ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, cost of sales were 64,000 and 3,161, respectively. 

23 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses were 1,715,984 for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to 607,921 for the year ended December 31, 2016. The expenses
were comprised of: 

Year Ended December
 31, 
 
 Description 
 2017 
 2016 
 
 Administration and
 management fees 
 504,200 
 163,850 
 
 Professional and consulting fees 
 730,357 
 161,150 
 
 Advertising and promotional expenses 
 54,927 
 6,321 
 
 Rent and occupancy costs 
 101,279 
 40,303 
 
 Leased property for sub-lease including
 maintenance costs 
 41,546 
 114,894 
 
 Travel and entertainment 
 136,751 
 27,506 
 
 General and
 other administrative 
 146,924 
 93,897 
 
 Total 
 1,715,984 
 607,921 

Administrative
and management fees include stock compensation expense of 301,000 for the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of common stock to the
Company s CEO. The shares were issued for services performed as the sole Officer and director of the Company since November
2014. The Company valued the shares at 0.0301 per share (the market price of the common stock) and for the year ended December
31, 2017, recorded stock compensation expense, management, of 301,000. 

Professional
and consulting fees include stock-based compensation of 219,600 and 2,371 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
The 2017 expense was comprised of: 

The
 Company issuing 5,000,000 shares of common stock issued in January 2017 for services
 to be provided to the Company related to business development, product marketing, helping
 identify mergers and acquisition candidates. The Company valued the shares at 0.0267
 per share (the market price of the common stock) and recorded stock compensation expense
 for the year ended December 31, 2017, of 133,500. 

On
 August 8, 2017, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock for compensation
 for services of the Company s chief operating officer. The Company valued the shares
 at 0.0123 per share (the market price of the common stock) and for the year ended December
 31, 2017, recorded stock compensation expense, management, of 24,600. 

61,500
 for the issuance of 5,000,000 shares of common stock for the property known as the 420
 Style resort and estate, located in Ca nada
 (see note 11). The Company valued the shares at 0.0123 per share (the market price of
 the common stock) and has included 61,500 in stock- based compensation expense for the
 year ended December 31, 2017. 

Professional
and consulting fees (excluding stock compensation expense, other) increased for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to December
31, 2016, and is comprised of the following: 

Year ended December
 31, 

2017 
 2016 
 
 Legal fees 
 324,057 
 52,608 
 
 Consulting fees 
 29,000 
 4,000 
 
 Accounting and auditing fees 
 78,000 
 60,442 
 
 Investor relation
 costs (including related of 30,500 and 41,400 for 2017 and 2016, respectively) 
 79,700 
 44,100 

510,757 
 161,150 

Legal
fees increased for the year ended December 31, 2017, for costs incurred related to the Braune and Rodriguez matters (see Note
11 to consolidated financial statements included herein). Consulting fees increased for the year ended December 31, 2017, as the
Company had engaged various consultants to assist the Company in strategic planning regarding the Company s current operations
and future growth plans. 

24 

Advertising
and promotional expenses increased for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016, as a result
of the Company distributing product samples to distributors and dispensaries in California as part of a marketing campaign regarding
a product launch and introduction. 

Rent
and occupancy costs increased for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase
was primarily as a result of the Company not beginning operations in Puerto Rico at the beginning of 2017.due to Hurricane Irma
in Puerto Rico in the summer of 2017, the leases were terminated. 

Leased
property available for sub-lease and property maintenance costs were 41,456 and 114,894 for the years ended December 31, 2017
and 2016, respectively. The costs were comprised of leased real estate costs. 

General
and other administrative costs for the year ended December 31, 2017, increased compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. The
significant expenses is comprised of the following: 

Description 
 2017 
 2016 
 
 Filing fees and transfer
 agent fees 
 15,913 
 14,236 
 
 Other taxes 
 8,182 
 6,259 
 
 Depreciation 
 15,516 
 2,625 
 
 Telephone, internet and website
 expenses 
 39,738 
 10,417 
 
 Investor relations 
 25,508 
 17,231 
 
 Office supplies and expense 
 9,866 
 2,508 
 
 Other general
 and other administrative 
 32,200 
 40,621 
 
 Total 
 146,923 
 93,897 

Other Income
(Expense), Net 

Other
expense for the year ended December 31, 2017 was 7,423,327 compared to 2,370,035 for the year ended December 31, 2016.
Other expenses for the 2017 period was from the increase on the fair value of derivatives of 4,986,057, interest expense of
 1,873,198, a loss on legal matter of 399,291 and losses on debt settlements of 114,781 and an impairment of investments of
 50,000. 

Other
expense for the 2016 period was from the increase on the fair value of derivatives of 1,457,071, loss on investment in subsidiary
of 255,000 and interest expense of 742,041 partially offset by a gain in debt extinguishment of 84,057. 

Interest
expense increased in the current period and was comprised of: 

Year ended December
 31, 

2017 
 2016 
 
 Interest on face
 value and other 
 92,147 
 54,251 
 
 Prepayment interest 
 65,000 

Amortization of note discount 
 1,587,831 
 663,031 
 
 Amortization of deferred financing
 fees 
 128,220 
 25,355 
 
 Interest
 income 
 
 (616 
 
 Total 
 1,873,198 
 742,021 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

For
the year ended December 31, 2017, net cash used in operating activities was 1,228,835 compared to 445,260 for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2017 of 9,153,310 was offset by non- cash expenses of 2,223,824
for the initial fair value of derivative liabilities, the change in fair values of derivative liabilities of 2,762,231, the amortization
of discounts on convertible notes of 1,587,831, stock- based compensation of 520,600 and amortization of deferred financing
costs of 128,220. Changes in operating assets and liabilities that reduced cash used in operating activities were in the aggregate
 602,246. 

25 

The
net loss for the year ended December 31, 2016 of 2,977,889 was primarily impacted by the amortization of discounts on convertible
notes of 635,780, 3,249,056 for the initial fair value of derivative liabilities and 255,000 for the loss on investment in
subsidiary, offset by the change in fair values of derivative liabilities of 1,791,988 and the gain on settlements of debt of
 84,057. Changes in operating assets and liabilities that reduced cash used in operating activities included increases in accounts
payable and accrued expenses of 234,234 and due to related party increase of 32,935. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2017, net cash used in investing activities was 397,651 compared to 20,757 for the year
ended December 31, 2016. For the period ending December 31, 2017, the Company purchased furniture and equipment of
 187,651 compared to 20,757 for the year ended December 31, 2016. The Company has also expended 210,000 to invest in note
receivables related to two separate five- year exclusive licensing and operation agreements. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 1,864,115 and 521,731 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. The 2017 activity was comprised of proceeds received related to the issuance of convertible promissory notes of
 1,678,494 and 545,000 related to Stock Purchase Agreements with St. George. The Company also made payments of 322,879 of
principal and accrued interest on convertible promissory notes and 36,500 on notes payable. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2017, cash and cash equivalents increased by 67,260 compared to 11,548 for the year ended December
31, 2016. Ending cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2017 was 304,889 compared to 67,260 at December 31, 2016. 

We
do not have cash and cash equivalents on hand to meet our obligations. We presently maintain our daily operations and capital
needs through the sale of our products and financings available to us from our lenders. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Accounting
Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires our management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Our management periodically evaluates the estimates and judgments made. Management bases
its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ from these estimates as a result of different assumptions or conditions. 

As
such, in accordance with the use of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, our actual realized
results may differ from management s initial estimates as reported. A summary of significant accounting policies are detailed
in notes to the financial statements which are an integral component of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 104,
 Revenue Recognition SAB No. 104 ). SAB 104 clarifies application of generally accepted accounting
principles related to revenue transactions. The Company also follows the guidance in EITF Issue No. 00-21, Revenue Arrangements
with Multiple Deliverables EITF Issue No. 00-21 ), in arrangements with multiple deliverables. 

The
Company recognizes revenues when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2)
delivery of products and services has occurred, (3) the fee is fixed or determinable and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. 

The
Company recognizes revenue during the month in which products are shipped or commissions were earned. 

26 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amount
of revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original term of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Accounts
Receivable 

The
Company records accounts receivable from amounts due from its customers upon the shipment of products. The allowance for losses
is established through a provision for losses charged to expenses. Receivables are charged against the allowance for losses when
management believes collectibility is unlikely. The allowance is an amount that management believes will be adequate to absorb
estimated losses on existing receivables, based on evaluation of the collectability of the accounts and prior loss experience.
While management uses the best information available to make its evaluations, this estimate is susceptible to significant change
in the near term. 

Inventory 

Inventory
is valued at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined using the first in first out (FIFO) method. Provision for potentially
obsolete or slow moving inventory is made based on management analysis or inventory levels and future sales forecasts. 

Notes
receivable 

During
the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company has recorded notes receivable the following: 

110,000
 pursuant to a five (5) year operational and exclusive licensing agreement with a third
 party who leases a 25,000-sq. ft. approved cultivation facility located in San Juan,
 Puerto Rico (see Note 10). 

100,000
 pursuant to a five (5) year operational and exclusive licensing agreement with a third
 party who leases a 10,000-sq. ft. approved cultivation facility located in Washington
 State (see Note 10). 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets and Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed 

We
evaluate long-lived assets and identifiable intangible assets with finite useful lives in accordance with ASC 350-30 and ASC 360
(formerly SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets), and accordingly, management reviews our
long-lived assets and identifiable intangible assets with finite useful lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. We recognize an impairment loss when the sum of the future
undiscounted net cash flows expected to be realized from the asset is less than its carrying amount. If an asset is considered
to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its
fair value. Considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the fair value of the assets and accordingly, actual results could
vary significantly from such estimates. Our most significant estimates and judgments relating to the long-lived asset impairments
include the timing and amount of projected future cash flows. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair
value measurements are determined under a three-level hierarchy for fair value measurements that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value, distinguishing between market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained
from sources independent of the reporting entity observable inputs and the reporting entity s own assumptions
about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances unobservable
inputs ). 

27 

Fair
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or would be paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In determining fair value, the Company primarily
uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets market
approach ). The Company also considers the impact of a significant decrease in volume and level of activity for an asset
or liability when compared with normal activity to identify transactions that are not orderly. 

The
highest priority is given to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest
priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). Securities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level
of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The
three hierarchy levels are defined as follows: 

Level
1 Quoted prices in active markets that is unadjusted and accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted
assets or liabilities; 

Level
2 Quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, quoted prices for similar assets
and liabilities in active markets or financial instruments for which significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly; 

Level
3 Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 

Credit
risk adjustments are applied to reflect the Company s own credit risk when valuing all liabilities measured at fair value.
The methodology is consistent with that applied in developing counterparty credit risk adjustments, but incorporates the Company s
own credit risk as observed in the credit default swap market. 

The
Company s financial instruments consist primarily of cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and convertible debt.
The carrying amounts of such financial instruments approximate their respective estimated fair value due to the short-term maturities
and approximate market interest rates of these instruments. The estimated fair value is not necessarily indicative of the amounts
the Company would realize in a current market exchange or from future earnings or cash flows. 

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share 

Earnings
(loss) per share are computed in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share . Basic earnings (loss) per share is
computed by dividing net income (loss), after deducting preferred stock dividends accumulated during the period, by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income
by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents and other potentially dilutive securities,
if any, outstanding during the period. As of December 31, 2017, there were warrants and options to purchase 49,135,392 shares
of common stock and the Company s outstanding convertible debt is convertible into approximately 138,041,561 shares of common
stock. These amounts are not included in the computation of dilutive loss per share because their impact is antidilutive. 

Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation 

The
Company accounts for stock awards issued to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.
The measurement date is the earlier of (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity
instruments is reached, or (2) the date at which the counterparty s performance is complete. Stock awards granted to non-employees
are valued at their respective measurement dates based on the trading price of the Company s common stock and recognized
as expense during the period in which services are provided. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

28 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See
Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules appearing on pages F-1 to F-12 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

A
review and evaluation was performed by the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the
 CEO and Chief Financial Officer (the CFO ), as of the end of the period covered by this annual report
on Form 10-K, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of
the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on that review and evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that
as of December 31, 2017 disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at ensuring that the material information required
to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as required in the application of
SEC rules and forms. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a set of processes
designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and disposition of
 our assets; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance
 with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and
 directors; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets
 that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. It should be noted
that any system of internal control, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the system will be met. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
CEO and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as described in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon criteria established in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework) . As a result of this evaluation, we concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2017 as described below. 

29 

We
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of evaluation date and identified
the following material weaknesses: 

Lack
of Control Procedures : Due to the Company not having formal Control procedures related
to the approval of related party transactions. 

Insufficient
Resources: We have an inadequate number of personnel with requisite expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting. 

Inadequate
Segregation of Duties : We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures. 

Lack
of Audit Committee: We do not have a functioning audit committee, resulting in lack of independent oversight in the establishment
and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures. 

We
are committed to improving the internal controls and will (1) consider to use third party specialists to address shortfalls in
staffing and to assist us with accounting and finance responsibilities, (2) increase the frequency of independent reconciliations
of significant accounts which will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are sufficient personnel and (3) may
consider appointing additional outside directors and audit committee members in the future. 

We
have discussed the material weakness noted above with our independent registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature of
these material weaknesses, there is a more than remote likelihood that misstatements which could be material to the annual or
interim financial statements could occur that would not be prevented or detected. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

30 

PART
III 

ITEM
10, DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identification
of directors and executive officers . 

Set
forth below is information regarding the Company s current directors and executive officers. There are no family relationships
between any of our directors or executive officers. The directors are elected annually by stockholders. The executive officers
serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors: 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions
 Held and Tenure 
 
 B.
 Michael Friedman 
 51 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

B.
Michael Friedman, Chief Executive Officer. From 2009 to March 2016,
Mr. B. Michael Friedman had been the Company s Chief Executive Officer and member of the Company s Board of Directors.
On November 4, 2016, Mr. Friedman was named interim CEO and was appointed to the Board of directors. In February 2010 (inception
date) Mr. Friedman founded 800 Commerce and had been the President from inception date until his resignation on February 29, 2016.
Mr. Friedman has over 20 years of investment banking experience, particularly in the areas of mergers and acquisitions, manufacturing,
marketing, advertising, and licensing. Since 2008 Mr. Friedman operates in a managerial capacity, First Level Capital LLC,
a mergers and acquisitions and financial consulting firm located in Los Angeles, California. Mr. Friedman
received his Bachelor of Science (BS) in Marketing and Management in 1986 from the University of Florida, in Gainesville, Florida. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No
director, executive officer, significant employee or control person of the Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed
in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Management to promote honest and ethical conduct and to deter wrongdoing. This Code
applies to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and other employees performing similar functions. The obligations
of the Code of Ethics supplement, but do not replace, any other code of conduct or ethics policy applicable to our employees generally. 

Under
the Code of Ethics, all members of the senior financial management shall: 

Act
 honestly and ethically in the performance of their duties at our company, 

Avoid
 actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships, 

Provide
 full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submits to, the
 SEC and in other public communications by our company, 

Comply
 with rules and regulations of federal, state and local governments and other private and public regulatory agencies that effect
 the conduct of our business and our financial reporting, 

Act
 in good faith, responsibly, with due care, competence and diligence, without misrepresenting material facts or allowing the
 member s independent judgment to be subordinated 

Respect
 the confidentiality of information in the course of work, except when authorized or legally obtained to disclosure such information, 

Share
 knowledge and maintain skills relevant to carrying out the member s duties within our company, 

Proactively
 promote ethical behavior as a responsible partner among peers and colleagues in the work environment and community, 

Achieve
 responsible use of and control over all assets and resources of our company entrusted to the member, and 

Promptly
 bring to the attention of the Chief Executive Officer any information concerning (a) significant deficiencies in the design
 or operating of internal controls which could adversely affect to record, process, summarize and report financial data or
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in our financial
 reporting or internal controls. 

31 

Corporate
Governance 

During
the quarter ended December 31, 2017, there were no material changes to procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees
to our board of directors. 

We
currently have no standing audit, nominating or compensation committees of our board of directors. Our entire board of directors
currently performs these functions. The functions of those committees are being undertaken by our officers and directors. Because
we do not have any independent directors, our officers and directors believe that the establishment of committees of the Board
would not provide any benefits to our company and could be considered more form than substance. 

Director
Independence 

None
of the members of our Board of Directors qualifies as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements
of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director
is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members
has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our Board has not made a subjective determination as to
each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules.
Had our Board of Directors made these determinations, our Board would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the
directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to
us and our management. 

In
performing the functions of the audit committee, our board oversees our accounting and financial reporting process. In this function,
our board performs several functions. Our board, among other duties, evaluates and assesses the qualifications of the Company s
independent auditors; determines whether to retain or terminate the existing independent auditors; meets with the independent
auditors and financial management of the Company to review the scope of the proposed audit and audit procedures on an annual basis;
reviews and approves the retention of independent auditors for any non-audit services; reviews the independence of the independent
auditors; reviews with the independent auditors and with the Company s financial accounting personnel the adequacy and effectiveness
of accounting and financial controls and considers recommendations for improvement of such controls; reviews the financial statements
to be included in our annual and quarterly reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission; and discusses with the Company s
management and the independent auditors the results of the annual audit and the results of our quarterly financial statements. 

Our
board as a whole considers executive officer compensation, and our entire board participates in the consideration of director
compensation. Our board as a whole oversees our compensation policies, plans and programs, reviews and approves corporate performance
goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our executive officers, if any, and reviews the compensation and other terms
of employment of our Chief Executive Officer and our other executive officers. Our board also administers our equity incentive
and stock option plans, if any. 

Each
of our directors participates in the consideration of director nominees. In addition to nominees recommended by directors, our
board will consider nominees recommended by shareholders if submitted in writing to our secretary. Our board believes that any
candidate for director, whether recommended by shareholders or by the board, should be considered on the basis of all factors
relevant to our needs and the credentials of the candidate at the time the candidate is proposed. Such factors include relevant
business and industry experience and demonstrated character and judgment. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially
own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership,
reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common shares and other equity securities,
on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the SEC regulations
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely upon a review of such reports, and on written representations
from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that, with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, each director,
executive officer and 10 stockholder made timely filings of all reports required by Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

32 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The
following tables set forth all of the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to: (i) each individual serving as our principal
executive officer; and (ii) each other individual that served as an executive officer at the conclusion of the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2017 and who received in excess of 100,000. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name 
 Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Stock
 Awards (2) 
 Option
 Awards 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 B. Michael Friedman
 (1) 
 2017 
 150,000 
 301,000 

451,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer 
 2016 
 150,000 

150,000 

(1) 

(2) 
 
 Mr.
 Friedman resigned as an officer and director of the Company effective March 20, 2015
 and was re-appointed and named interim CEO and as a member of the BOD on November 4,
 2015. Effective January 1, 2013, the Company agreed to an annual compensation of 150,000
 for its CEO, Mr. Michael Friedman (resigned March 20, 2015, re-appointed November 4,
 2015). 
 
 On
 January 30, 2017, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock to the Company s CEO. The shares were issued
 for services performed as the sole Officer and director of the Company since November 2014. The Company valued the shares
 at 0.0301 per share (the market price of the common stock) and for the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded stock compensation
 expense, management, of 301,000. 

We
do not presently have pension, health, annuity, insurance, profit sharing or similar benefit plans; however, we may adopt plans
in the future. There are presently no personal benefits available to our directors and officers. 

Employment
Agreements; Termination of Employment and Change of Control Arrangements 

There
are no current employment agreements between the Company and our executive officers or understandings regarding future compensation.
There are no compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company, with respect to any person
named in the summary compensation table set out above which would in any way result in payments to any such person because of
his resignation, retirement, or other termination of such person s employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, or any
change in control of the Company, or a change in the person s responsibilities following a changing in control of the Company. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Other
than the awards included in the Summary Compensation Table above, no executive officer received any equity awards during 2017,
or holds exercisable or unexercisable options, as of December 31, 2017. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plans 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which the Company would provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive
officers. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
currently do not have a compensation committee of our Board of Directors. The Board as a whole determines executive compensation. 

Director
Compensation 

We
do not pay fees to our directors for attendance at meetings of the board; however, we may adopt a policy of making such payments
in the future. We will reimburse out-of-pocket expenses incurred by directors in attending board and committee meetings. 

33 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth information known to the Company with respect to the beneficial ownership (as such term is defined
in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of the outstanding common stock of the Company as of March
31, 2018 by: (1) each person known by the Company to beneficially own 5 or more of the Company s outstanding common stock;
(2) each of the named executive officers as defined in Item 402(m)(2); (3) each of the Company s directors; and (4) all
of the Company s executive officers and directors as a group. The number of shares beneficially owned is determined under
rules promulgated by the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose.
Including those shares in the tables does not, however, constitute an admission that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect
beneficial owner of those shares. 

Common
 Stock 
 Series
 B Preferred Stock 
 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent
 of
 Class (1) 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percent
 of Class (2) 
 
 B.
 Michael Friedman 777 Brickell Avenue, Suite 500 Miami,
 FL 33131 
 38,000,778 
 4.9 
 1,000 
 100 

All directors and
 executive officers as a group 1 person 
 38,000,778 
 4.9 
 1,000 
 100 

(1) 
 Based
 on a total of an aggregate of 779,245,512 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 (2) 
 Based
 on 1,000 shares of Series B preferred stock outstanding. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Management
fees 

Effective
January 1, 2013, the Company agreed to an annual compensation of 150,000 for its CEO, Mr. Michael Friedman (resigned March 20,
2015, re-appointed November 4, 2015). 

For
the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company recorded expenses to its officers the following amounts included in Administrative
and Management Fees in the consolidated statements of operations, included herein: 

2017 
 2016 
 
 Mr. Friedman 
 150,000 
 150,000 

As
of December 31, 2017, and 2016, the Company owed to its officers the following amounts, included in Due to related party on the
Company s consolidated balance sheet: 

2017 
 2016 
 
 Mr. Friedman 
 7,715 
 54,246 

Effective
June 26, 2015, the Company issued 1,000 shares of Class B Preferred Stock (super voting rights, non-convertible securities) to
Mr. Friedman, resulting in Mr. Friedman having majority control in determining the outcome of all corporate transactions subject
to vote, including the election of officers. 

On
January 30, 2017, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock to the Company s CEO. The shares were issued for
services performed as the sole Officer and director of the Company since November 2014. The Company valued the shares at 0.0301
per share (the market price of the common stock) and for the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded stock compensation expense,
management, of 301,000. 

34 

Agreements
with prior management 

In
December 2011 the Company issued a 50,000 convertible promissory note as part of a guaranty fee due to a Company that is affiliated
with a former officer of the Company. Terms of the note include an eight percent per annum interest rate and the note matured
on the one year anniversary on December 20, 2012. Additionally, the holder of the Note has the right to convert the note into
shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to eighty percent (80 of the lowest closing bid price of the
common stock within five (5) days of the conversion. On March 31, 2013, the Company and the noteholder elected to convert the
remaining balance of the note of 32,000 and accrued and unpaid interest of 6,060 into 369,928 shares of common stock. 

Also
in December 2011, the Company agreed to pay an additional 50,000 in common stock, which is included in accounts payable and accrued
expenses on the December 31, 2016 and 2015 balance sheets. 

Amounts
Due from 800 Commerce, Inc. 

As
of December 31, 2012, the Company owned 6,000,000 shares of 800 Commerce s (now known as Petrogress, Inc.) common
stock, representing approximately 32 of 800 Commerce s outstanding common stock. Effective September 4, 2013, Agritek
distributed the 6,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock to their shareholders of record as of September 3, 2013.
Through February 29, 2016, the Company and 800 Commerce were commonly controlled due to common management and board members.
800 Commerce owes Agritek 282,947 and 236,759 as of February 29, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, as a result of
advances received from or payments made by Agritek on behalf of 800 Commerce. In February 2016, the Company entered into a
Debt Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Agreement with Petrogress, Inc. whereby the Company accepted
1,101,642 shares of common stock of Petrogress in settlement of the amount due. Based on the market value of the Petrogress
common stock on the date of the Settlement Agreement, the Company recognized a loss of 266,422 for the year ended December
31, 2015. Based on the market price of the Petrogress common stock as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company recorded
unrealized gains on marketable securities of 2,093 and 23,244 for the years ended December 31, 2017, and 2016, respectively. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services provided by our auditors for the years ended
December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

2017 
 2016 
 
 Audit Fees 
 47,000 
 33,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 47,000 
 33,000 

Audit
Fees This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included
in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting
firm in connection with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters
that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

Audit-Related
Fees This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm
that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under
 Audit Fees. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence
with the SEC and other accounting consulting. 

Tax
Fees This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm
for tax compliance and tax advice. 

All
Other Fees This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Our
board of directors has adopted a procedure for pre-approval of all fees charged by our independent registered public accounting
firm. Under the procedure, the board approves the engagement letter with respect to audit, tax and review services. Other fees
are subject to pre-approval by the board. All audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the auditors with respect to
2015 and 2014 were pre-approved by the board of directors. 

35 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND REPORTS. 

(a) 
 1. 
 Financial Statements 

The consolidated financial
 statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms are included on pages F-1 through F-22. 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules for which provisions
 made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission are
 either not required under the related instructions, are not applicable (and therefore have been omitted), or the required
 disclosures are contained in the financial statements included herein. 

3. 
 Exhibits (including those
 incorporated by reference). 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 

10.1 
 Form
 of Convertible Promissory Note by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Vis Vires Group, Inc. dated February 23, 2015. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 as filed on Form 10-Q with the SEC on May 18, 2015). 
 
 10.2 
 Form
 of 8 Convertible Redeemable Note by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC dated March 27, 2015.
 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 as filed on Form 10-Q with the SEC on May 18, 2015). 
 
 10.3 
 Form
 of 8 Convertible Redeemable Note by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and GW Holding Group, LLC dated March 30, 2015. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 as filed on Form 10-Q with the SEC on May 18, 2015). 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Employment
 and Board of Directors Agreement effective March 20, 2015 by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Justin Braune (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on March 20, 2015). 
 
 10.5 
 Deed
 in Lieu of Foreclosure Agreement dated December 16, 2015, by and among Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Tonaquint, Inc. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 12, 2016). 
 
 10.6 
 Replacement
 Note dated January 5, 2016, issued to LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 as filed
 on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 12, 2016). 
 
 10.7 
 Replacement
 Note dated January 5, 2016, issued to LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 as filed
 on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 12, 2016). 
 
 10.8 
 Replacement
 Note dated January 5, 2016, issued to Cerebrus Finance Group, LTD (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 as filed
 on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 12, 2016). 
 
 10.9 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated January 19, 2016, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 12, 2016). 
 
 10.10 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note dated January 19, 2016, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.6 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 12, 2016). 
 
 10.11 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated January 19, 2016, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerebrus Finance Group, LTD. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 12, 2016). 
 
 10.12 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note dated January 19, 2016, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerebrus Finance Group, LTD (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 12, 2016). 

36 

10.13 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated March 23, 2016, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerebrus Finance Group, LTD. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 as filed on Form 10-Q with the SEC on May 23, 2016). 
 
 10.14 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note dated March 23, 2016, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerebrus Finance Group, LTD (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 as filed on Form 10-Q with the SEC on May 23, 2016). 
 
 10.15 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated December 13, 2016 by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on December 19, 2016). 
 
 10.16 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note dated December 13, 2016, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on December 19, 2016). 
 
 10.17 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note Back End dated December 13, 2016, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on December 19, 2016). 
 
 10.18 
 Collateralized
 Secured Promissory Note dated December 13, 2016, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on December 19, 2016). 
 
 10.19 
 Termination
 Agreement dated December 13, 2016 by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on December 19, 2016). 
 
 10.20 
 Investor
 Note #1 dated October 31, 2016, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and St. George Investments LLC. (Incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.6 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on December 19, 2016). 
 
 10.21 
 Warrant
 #2 dated October 31, 2016, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and St. George Investments LLC. (Incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 10.7 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on December 19, 2016). 
 
 10.22 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated January 24, 2017 by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 10.23 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note dated January 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 10.24 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note Back End dated January 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 10.25 
 Collateralized
 Secured Promissory Note dated January 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 10.26 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated January 24, 2017 by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerberus Finance Group LTD. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 10.27 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note dated January 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerberus Finance Group LTD. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 10.28 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note Back End dated January 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerberus Finance Group LTD. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 10.29 
 Collateralized
 Secured Promissory Note dated January 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerberus Finance Group LTD. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on January 31, 2017). 
 
 10.30 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated February 1, 2017 by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Power Up Lending Group, LTD. 
 
 10.31 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note dated February 1, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Power Up Lending Group, LTD. 

37 

10.32 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated February 24, 2017 by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. 
 
 10.33 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note dated February 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. 
 
 10.34 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note Back End dated February 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. 
 
 10.35 
 Collateralized
 Secured Promissory Note dated February 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. 
 
 10.36 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated February 24, 2017 by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerberus Finance Group LTD. 
 
 10.37 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note dated February 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerberus Finance Group LTD. 
 
 10.38 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note Back End dated February 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerberus Finance Group LTD. 
 
 10.39 
 Collateralized
 Secured Promissory Note dated February 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerberus Finance Group LTD. 
 
 10.40 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated February 24, 2017 by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. 
 
 10.41 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note dated February 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. 
 
 10.42 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note Back End dated February 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. 
 
 10.43 
 Collateralized
 Secured Promissory Note dated February 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. 
 
 10.44 
 Collateralized
 Secured Promissory Note dated February 24, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. 

10.45 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 24, 2017, by and between
 Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 as filed on Form
 10-K with the SEC on March 31, 2017). 
 
 10.46 
 Convertible Redeemable Note dated March 24, 2017, by and between
 Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 as
 filed on Form 10-K with the SEC on March 31, 2017). 
 
 10.47 
 Convertible Redeemable Note Back-End dated March 24, 2017, by
 and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 as filed
 on Form 10-K with the SEC on March 31, 2017). 
 
 10.48 
 Collateralized Secured Promissory Note dated March 24, 2017,
 by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.44 as filed
 on Form 10-K with the SEC on March 31, 2017). 
 
 10.49 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 24, 2017 by and between
 Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerberus Finance Group LTD. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.45 as filed on Form
 10-Q with the SEC on May 15, 2017). 
 
 10.50 
 Convertible Redeemable Note dated April 24, 2017, by
 and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerberus Finance Group LTD. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.46
 as filed on Form 10-Q with the SEC on May 15, 2017). 
 
 10.51 
 Convertible Redeemable Note Back-End dated April 24, 2017, by
 and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Cerberus Finance Group LTD. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.47
 as filed on Form 10-Q with the SEC on May 15, 2017). 
 
 10.52 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 24, 2017 by and between
 Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.48 as filed on Form 10-Q
 with the SEC on August 14, 2017). 
 
 10.53 
 Convertible Redeemable Note dated May 24, 2017, by and between
 Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.49 as filed on Form 10-Q
 with the SEC on August 14, 2017). 

38 

10.54 
 Convertible Redeemable Note Back-End dated May 24, 2017, by
 and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.50 as filed
 on Form 10-Q with the SEC on August 14, 2017). 
 
 10.55 
 Replacement Note dated June 23, 2017, by and between Agritek
 Holdings, Inc. and LG Capital Funding, LLC. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.51 as filed on Form 10-Q with
 the SEC on August 14, 2017). 
 
 10.56 
 Replacement Note dated June 23, 2017, by and between Agritek
 Holdings, Inc. and Cerberus Finance Group, LTD (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.52 as filed on Form 10-Q with
 the SEC on August 14, 2017). 
 
 10.57 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 7, 2017 by and between
 Agritek Holdings, Inc. and Power Up Lending Group, LTD. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.53 as filed on Form
 10-Q with the SEC on August 14, 2017). 
 
 10.58 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated August 7, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc.
 and Power Up Lending Group, LTD. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.54 as filed on Form 10-Q with the SEC on
 August 14, 2017). 
 
 10.59 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated
 December 20, 2017 by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc. and St. George Investments, LLC. (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 6, 2018). 
 
 10.60 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated December 20, 2017, by and between Agritek Holdings, Inc.
 and St. George Investments, LLC. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 as filed on Form 8-K with the SEC on February
 6, 2018). 

31.1 
 Rule
 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive and Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 Section
 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL
 Instance 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

Filed herewith. 

 + Management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed
herewith 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Agritek
 Holdings, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 B. Michael Friedman 

B. Michael Friedman 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 April 17, 2018 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 B. Michael Friedman 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director (principal executive officer and principal accounting officer) 
 
 April
 17, 2018 
 
 B.
 Michael Friedman 

39 

AGRITEK
HOLDINGS, INC. 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2017 AND 2016 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 F-2
 F-3 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December
 31, 2017 and 2016 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations
 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 
 F-5 
 
 Statement of Changes in
 Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows
 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8
 F-34 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Agritek Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of Agritek Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2017, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders 
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements). The financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2016 were audited by other
auditors who report expressed an unqualified opinion on the consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2017, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the year ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of
the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor
were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to
obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company suffered losses from operations which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Managements
plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 14. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ M K CPAS, PLLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

Houston, TX 

 April 17, 2018 

F- 2 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Agritek Holdings, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Agritek Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2016 and related statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is
not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Agritek Holdings, Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring operating losses, has an accumulated
stockholders deficit, has negative working capital, has had minimal revenues from operations, and has yet to generate an
internal cash flow that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard
to these matters are described in Note 14. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

/s/ L L CPAS, PA 

 L L CPAS, PA 

 Certified Public Accountants 

 Cornelius, NC 

 The United States of America 

 March 31, 2017 

F- 3 

AGRITEK HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2017 
 2016 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 
 304,889 
 67,260 
 
 Marketable Securities 
 41,862 
 39,769 
 
 Inventory, net 
 10,000 

Prepaid
 assets and other 
 48,500 
 10,000 
 
 Total current
 assets 
 405,251 
 117,029 

Note receivable 
 210,000 

Property and equipment, net
 of accumulated depreciation of 23,824 (2017) and 8,308 (2016) 
 286,415 
 26,280 
 
 Investments in non-marketable
 securities 
 
 50,000 
 
 Security
 deposit and other 
 13,825 
 825 
 
 Total
 assets 
 915,491 
 194,134 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current
 Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 
 1,089,333 
 550,885 
 
 Due to related party 
 7,715 
 54,246 
 
 Customer deposits 
 2,400 
 2,400 
 
 Deferred rent 
 24,916 

Convertible notes payable,
 net of discount of 494,193 (2017) and 257,034 (2016) 
 485,250 
 569,446 
 
 Derivative liabilities 
 5,416,830 
 1,613,770 
 
 Note
 payable, current portion 
 51,500 

Total current
 liabilities 
 7,077,944 
 2,790,747 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Stockholders'
 Deficit: 

Series B convertible preferred
 stock, 0.01 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized, and 1,000 shares issued and outstanding 
 10 
 10 
 
 Common stock, .0001 par value;
 1,000,000,000 shares authorized; 723,680,348 (2017) and 400,867,449 (2016) shares issued and outstanding 
 72,369 
 40,087 
 
 Common stock to be issued 
 5,257 

Additional paid-in capital 
 19,312,650 
 13,764,813 
 
 Deferred expenses 

Accumulated comprehensive
 gain 
 25,337 
 23,244 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 (25,578,077 
 (16,424,767 
 
 Total
 stockholders' deficit 
 (6,162,464 
 (2,596,613 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders' deficit 
 915,491 
 194,134 

See notes to
 consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

AGRITEK HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2017 
 2016 
 
 Consulting income 
 48,000 

Product
 revenue 
 2,000 
 3,228 
 
 Total revenue 
 50,000 
 3,228 
 
 Cost
 of revenue, includes 30,000 related party for 2017 
 64,000 
 3,161 
 
 Gross
 profit (loss) 
 (14,000 
 67 

Operating
 Expenses: 

Management fees 
 421,000 
 150,000 
 
 Administrative fees 
 83,200 
 13,850 
 
 Professional and consulting
 fees 
 730,357 
 161,150 
 
 Rent and other occupancy costs 
 101,279 
 40,303 
 
 Leased property expense 
 41,546 
 114,894 
 
 Other
 general and administrative expenses 
 338,601 
 127,724 

Total
 operating expenses 
 1,715,983 
 607,921 

Operating
 loss 
 (1,729,983 
 (607,854 

Other Income
 (Expense): 

Gain (loss) on debt settlement 
 (114,781 
 84,057 
 
 Loss on legal matter 
 (399,291 

Impairment of investments 
 (50,000 
 (255,000 
 
 Interest expense 
 (1,873,198 
 (742,021 
 
 Derivative
 liability expense 
 (4,986,057 
 (1,457,071 

Total
 other expense, net 
 (7,423,327 
 (2,370,035 

Net
 loss 
 (9,153,310 
 (2,977,889 

Unrealized gain on marketable
 securities 
 2,093 
 23,244 
 
 Net
 comprehensive loss 
 (9,151,217 
 (2,954,645 

Basic
 and diluted loss per share 
 (0.02 
 (0.01 

Weighted average number of
 common shares outstanding 

Basic
 and diluted 
 536,650,839 
 334,772,545 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

AGRITEK
 HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Series
 B Preferred 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total 

Common
 stock 
 Common
 stock 
 stock 
 Paid-in 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Gain 
 Deficit 
 Deficiency 
 
 Balances January 1, 2016 
 281,540,332 
 28,155 

1,000 
 10 
 12,536,138 
 
 (13,446,878 
 (882,575 

Common stock issued upon conversion of convertible
 debt and accrued interest 
 114,327,117 
 11,432 

179,953 

191,385 

Issuance of warrants for services 

2,371 

2,371 

Issuance of common stock for acquisition 
 5,000,000 
 500 

254,500 

255,000 

Reclassification for conversions of convertible debt 

791,851 

791,851 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

23,244 
 
 23,244 

Net loss 

(2,977,889 
 (2,977,889 

Balances, December 31, 2016 
 400,867,449 
 40,087 

1,000 
 10 
 13,764,813 
 23,244 
 (16,424,767 
 (2,596,613 

Common stock issued upon conversion of convertible
 debt and accrued interest 
 194,559,519 
 19,457 

1,420,638 

1,440,095 

Common stock issued for additional interest on convertible
 notes 
 1,319,149 
 132 

15,962 

16,094 

Common stock issued upon settlement of accounts payable 
 2,000,000 
 200 

55,500 

55,700 

Issuance of common stock investment in Canadian property 
 5,000,000 
 500 

61,000 

61,500 

Common stock issued for services, related party 
 10,000,000 
 1,000 

300,000 

301,000 

Amortization of deferred stock compensation 

Issuance of common stock for services 
 7,000,000 
 700 

157,400 

158,100 

Reclassification for conversions of convertible debt 

3,007,887 

3,007,887 

Common stock to be issued pursuant to Stock Purchase
 Agreements 

52,574,335 
 5,257 

539,743 

545,000 

Common stock previously cancelled on Company s records 
 15,000,000 
 1,500 

(1,500 

Common stock issued upon cashless warrant exercises 
 87,934,231 
 8,793 

8,793 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

2,093 
 
 2,093 

Net loss 

(9,153,310 
 (9,153,310 

Balances, December 31, 2017 
 723,680,348 
 72,369 
 52,574,335 
 5,257 
 1,000 
 10 
 19,312,650 
 25,337 
 (25,578,077 
 (6,162,454 

See notes to
 consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

AGRITEK HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2017 
 2016 
 
 Cash flow
 from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (9,153,310 
 (2,977,889 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net
 loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 
 520,600 
 2,371 
 
 Common stock issued for additional
 interest to convertible noteholder 
 16,091 

Amortization of deferred financing
 costs 
 128,220 

Impairment of investments 
 50,000 
 255,000 
 
 Loss on settlement of accounts
 payable 
 17,916 

Depreciation 
 15,516 
 3,566 
 
 Initial expense for fair value
 of derivative liabilities 
 2,223,824 
 3,249,056 
 
 Amortization of discounts
 on convertible notes 
 1,587,831 
 635,780 
 
 Change in fair values of derivative
 liabilities 
 2,762,231 
 (1,791,988 
 
 Gain on debt settlement 
 
 (84,057 
 
 Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Decrease (increase) in : 

Inventory 
 (10,000 

Prepaid assets and other 
 (38,500 
 (6,667 
 
 Security deposit 
 (13,000 

Increase (decrease) in: 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 
 685,361 
 234,234 
 
 Due to related party 
 (46,531 
 32,935 
 
 Deferred rent 
 24,916 

Tenant
 deposits 
 
 2,400 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (1,228,835 
 (445,260 

Cash flows
 from investing activities: 

Purchase of property, equipment
 and furniture 
 (187,651 
 (20,757 
 
 Purchase
 of notes receivable 
 (210,000 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 (397,651 
 (20,757 

Cash flows
 from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of
 convertible debt 
 1,678,494 
 521,731 
 
 Payments made of principal
 and accrued interest on convertible notes 
 (322,879 

Payments made on note payable 
 (36,500 

Proceeds
 from sale of common stock to be issued 
 545,000 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 1,864,115 
 521,731 

Net increase
 in cash and cash equivalents 
 237,629 
 55,711 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, Beginning 
 67,260 
 11,548 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, Ending 
 304,889 
 67,260 

Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash
 paid for interest 
 1,275 

Cash
 paid for income taxes 

Schedule
 of non-cash financing activities: 

Discount
 from derivatives 
 1,824,892 
 865,593 
 
 Accrued
 interest converted into convertible note 
 6,398 

Conversion
 of notes payable and interest into common stock 
 1,440,093 
 191,386 
 
 Fair
 value of marketable securities issued in exchange for debt 
 
 16,525 
 
 Change
 in fair value for available for sale marketable securities 
 2,093 
 23,244 
 
 Issuance
 of note payable as part of land acquisition 
 88,000 

Settlement
 of derivatives 
 3,007,887 
 791,851 
 
 Stock
 issued for settlement of accounts payable 
 37,784 

Stock issued for cashless exercise 
 8,793 

See notes to consolidated financial
 statements. 

F- 7 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This quarterly
report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, 
 seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking
statements, but are not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Additionally, statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements. 

Although
forward-looking statements in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q reflect the good faith judgment of our management,
such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements
are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results
and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to
such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those specifically addressed in Risk
Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and 2016, in Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in other reports
that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). You are urged not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

We file reports
with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. You can also read and copy any materials we file with,
or furnish to, the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain additional
information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

We undertake no
obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after
the date of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, except as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider
the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this quarterly report, which are designed to advise interested parties
of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

F- 8 

AGRITEK HOLDINGS, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 December 31,
2017 and 2016 

Note 1 - Organization 

Business 

Agritek
Holdings Inc. the Company or Agritek Holdings and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, MediSwipe, Inc. MediSwipe ), Prohibition Products Inc., and Agritek Venture Holdings, Inc. AVHI is a fully integrated, active investor and operator in the legal cannabis sector. Specifically,
Agritek Holdings provides strategic capital and functional expertise to accelerate the commercialization of its diversified portfolio
of holdings. Currently, the Company is focused on three high-value segments of the cannabis market, including real estate investment,
intellectual property brands; and infrastructure, with operations in three U.S. States, Colorado, Washington State, California
as well as Canada and Puerto Rico. Agritek Holdings invests its capital via real estate holdings, licensing agreements, royalties
and equity in acquisition operations. 

We
provide key business services to the legal cannabis sector including: 

Funding and Financing Solutions for
 Agricultural Land and Properties zoned for the regulated Cannabis Industry. 

Dispensary and Retail Solutions 

Commercial Production and Equipment Build Out
 Solutions 

Multichannel Supply Chain Solutions 

Branding, Marketing and Sales Solutions of proprietary
 product lines 

Consumer Product Solutions 

The
Company intends to bring its array of services to each new state that legalizes the use of cannabis according to appropriate
state and federal laws. Our primary objective is acquiring commercial properties to be utilized in the commercial marijuana industry
as cultivation facilities in compliance with state laws. This is an essential aspect of our overall growth strategy because once
acquired and re-zoned, the value of such real property is substantially higher than under the previous zoning and use. 

Once
properties are identified and acquired to be used for purposes related to the commercial marijuana industry as provided for by
state law, and we plan to create vertical channels within that legal jurisdiction including equipment financing, payment processing
and marketing of exclusive brands and services to retail dispensaries. 

Agritek s
business focus is primarily to hold, develop and manage real property. The Company shall also provide oversight on every property
that is part of its portfolio. This can include complete architectural design and subsequent build-outs, general support, landscaping,
general up-keep, and state of the art security systems. At this time, Agritek does not grow, process, own, handle, transport,
or sell marijuana as the Company is organized and directed to operate strictly in accordance with all applicable state and federal
laws. As the legal environment changes in Colorado, California and other states, the Company s management may explore business
opportunities that involve ownership interests in dispensaries and growing operations if and when such business opportunities
become legally permissible under applicable state and federal laws. 

Note 2 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of
Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States
of America US GAAP ). The consolidated financial statements of the Company include
the consolidated accounts of Agritek and its wholly owned subsidiaries MediSwipe, AVHI, The American Hemp Trading Company,
Inc., a Colorado Corporation (dba 77Acres, Inc.) and PPI. PPI, a Florida corporation, was originally formed on July 1, 2013 as
The American Hemp Trading Company, Inc. HempFL and on August 27, 2014, HempFL changed its name to PPI.
All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

F- 9 

Cash and
Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers
all highly liquid investments with an original term of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Accounts
Receivable 

The Company records
accounts receivable from amounts due from its customers upon the shipment of products. The allowance for losses is established
through a provision for losses charged to expenses. Receivables are charged against the allowance for losses when management believes
collectability is unlikely. The allowance is an amount that management believes will be adequate to absorb estimated losses on
existing receivables, based on evaluation of the collectability of the accounts and prior loss experience. While management uses
the best information available to make its evaluations, this estimate is susceptible to significant change in the near term. As
of December 31, 2017 and 2016, based on the above criteria, the Company has a full allowance for doubtful accounts of 43,408. 

Inventory 

Inventory is valued
at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined using the first in first out (FIFO) method. Provision for pot entially
obsolete or slow-moving inventory is made based on management analysis or inventory levels and future sales forecasts. 

Notes
receivable 

During
the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company has recorded notes receivable the following: 

110,000
 pursuant to a five (5) year operational and exclusive licensing agreement with a third
 party who leases a 25,000-sq. ft. approved cultivation facility located in San Juan,
 Puerto Rico (see Note 10). 

100,000
 pursuant to a five (5) year operational and exclusive licensing agreement with a third
 party who leases a 10,000-sq. ft. approved cultivation facility located in Washington
 State (see Note 10). 

Deferred
Financing Costs 

The
costs related to the issuance of debt are capitalized and amortized to interest expense using the straight-line method through
the maturities of the related debt. 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

The Company does
not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of
it financial instruments, including stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features
that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative
instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value
reported as charges or credits to income. 

For option-based
simple derivative financial instruments, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to value the derivative instruments
at inception and subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments
should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

Debt Issue
Costs and Debt Discount 

The Company may
record debt issue costs and/or debt discounts in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt. These costs may be
paid in the form of cash, or equity (such as warrants). These costs are amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt.
If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs prior to maturity a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately
expensed. 

F- 10 

Original
Issue Discount 

For certain convertible
debt issued, the Company may provide the debt holder with an original issue discount. The original issue discount would be recorded
to debt discount, reducing the initial carrying value of the note and is amortized to interest expense through the maturity of
the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs prior to maturity a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts
is immediately expensed. 

Marketable
Securities and Other Comprehensive Income 

The Company classifies
its marketable securities as available-for-sale securities, which are carried at their fair value based on the quoted market prices
of the securities with unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred income taxes, reported as accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss), a separate component of stockholders equity. Realized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities
are included in net earnings in the period earned or incurred. 

Investment
of Non-Marketable Securities 

In 2014,
the Company purchased an investment in non-marketable securities of a less than 10 interest in two privately held companies of
 25,000 each, that provide merchant processing services. During the year ended December 31, 2017, due to recent losses, management
wrote off the investment of 50,000, which is included in Other expenses on the consolidated statements of operations included
herein. As of December 31, 2017, and 2016, the balance of the Investment of Non-Marketable Securities and Other was -0- and 50,000,
respectively 

Property
and Equipment 

Property and
equipment are stated at cost, and except for land, depreciation is provided by use of a straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of the assets. The Company reviews property and equipment for potential impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of assets may not be recoverable. In February, 2017, the Company
entered into a land purchase contract to acquire approximately 80 acres including water and mineral rights. The total cost of
the land was 129,555. The Company paid 41,554 at closing and issued a note payable for 88,000. As of December 31, 2017,
the Company is on the deed of trust of the property with a remaining note balance of 51,500 due the seller. The estimated
useful lives of property and equipment are as follows: 

Furniture and equipment 
 5 years 
 
 Manufacturing equipment 
 7 years 

The Company's property
and equipment consisted of the following at December 31, 2017, and 2016: 

December
 31, 2017 
 December
 31, 2016 
 
 Furniture and equipment 
 180,684 
 34,587 
 
 Land 
 129,555 

Accumulated
 depreciation 
 (23,824 
 (8,307 
 
 Balance 
 286,415 
 26,280 

Depreciation expense
of 15,516 and 3,566 was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2017, and 2016, respectively. 

Long-Lived
Assets 

Long-lived assets
are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

F- 11 

Deferred
rent 

The
Company calculates the total cost of the lease for the entire lease period and divides that amount by the number of months of
the lease. The result is the average monthly expense and is charged to rent expense with the offset to deferred rent, irrespective
of the actual amount paid. The amounts paid are charged to the deferred rent account. Rent
expense of 45,417 for the year ended December 31, 2017, was recorded for the office space in Puerto Rico and the Company made
payments of 20,516. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has a balance of 24,916 in deferred rent which is included in the consolidated
balance sheet. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes
revenue in accordance with FASB ASC 605, Revenue Recognition. ASC 605 requires that four basic criteria are met: (1) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) delivery of products and services has occurred, (3) the fee is fixed or determinable and
(4) collectability is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue during the month in which products are shipped or fees
are earned. Consulting revenue of 48,000 and product sales (net) of 2,000 has been recognized for the year ended December 31,
2017. 

Fair Value
of Financial Instruments 

The Company measures
assets and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements,
which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability, as the case may be,
in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework
for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs, used in valuation techniques, are assigned
a hierarchical level. 

The following are
the hierarchical levels of inputs to measure fair value: 

Level 1 - Observable inputs that reflect quoted market
 prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 - Inputs reflect quoted
 prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities
 in active markets; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the assets or liabilities; or inputs that are derived
 principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs
 reflecting the Company's assumptions incorporated in valuation techniques used to determine fair value. These assumptions
 are required to be consistent with market participant assumptions that are reasonably available. 

The carrying amounts
of the Company's financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, prepaid expenses, other current assets, accounts payable and
accrued expenses, certain notes payable and notes payable - related party, approximate their fair values because of the short
maturity of these instruments. 

The following table
represents the Company s financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2017,
and 2016, for each fair value hierarchy level: 

December
 31, 2017 
 Derivative
 Liabilities 
 Total 
 
 Level
 I 

Level
 II 

Level
 III 
 5,416,830 
 5,416,830 
 
 December
 31, 2016 

Level
 I 

Level
 II 

Level
 III 
 1,613,770 
 1,613,770 

F- 12 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts
for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740-10, Income Taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized to reflect the
estimated future tax effects, calculated at the tax rate expected to be in effect at the time of realization. A valuation allowance
related to a deferred tax asset is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not
be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of the changes in tax laws and rates of the date
of enactment. 

ASC 740-10 prescribes
a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements and provides
guidance on recognition, measurement, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition
issues. Interest and penalties are classified as a component of interest and other expenses. To date, the Company has not been
assessed, nor paid, any interest or penalties. 

Uncertain tax positions
are measured and recorded by establishing a threshold for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Only tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold at the
effective date may be recognized or continue to be recognized. The Company s tax years subsequent to 2005 remain subject
to examination by federal and state tax jurisdictions. 

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share 

Earnings (loss)
per share are computed in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share . Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed
by dividing net income (loss), after deducting preferred stock dividends accumulated during the period, by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income
by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents and other potentially dilutive securities,
if any, outstanding during the period. As of December 31, 2017, there were warrants and options to purchase 49,135,392 shares
of common stock and the Company s outstanding convertible debt is convertible into approximately 138,041,561 shares of common
stock. These amounts are not included in the computation of dilutive loss per share because their impact is anti-dilutive. 

Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company
accounts for stock awards issued to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees. The
measurement date is the earlier of (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity
instruments is reached, or (2) the date at which the counterparty's performance is complete. Stock awards granted to
non-employees are valued at their respective measurement dates based on the trading price of the Company s common stock
and recognized as expense during the period in which services are provided. For the year ended December 31, 2017, and 2016
the Company recorded stock- based compensation of 520,600 and 2,371, respectively (See Notes 10 and 11). 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amount of revenues
and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Advertising 

The Company records
advertising costs as incurred. For the years ending December 31, 2017, and 2016, advertising expenses was 54,927 and 8,321,
respectively. 

F- 13 

Note 3 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In
February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) . Under this guidance, an entity is required to recognize right-of-use assets and
lease liabilities on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. This guidance offers specific
accounting guidance for a lessee, a lessor and sale and leaseback transactions. Lessees and lessors are required to disclose qualitative
and quantitative information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of the financial statements to assess the amount, timing
and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period, and requires a modified retrospective adoption, with early adoption
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard will have on our consolidated financial
statements. 

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting . The standard is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements,
including the income tax impact, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeitures. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company
elected to early adopt the new guidance in the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 which requires us to reflect any adjustments
as of January 1, 2016, the beginning of the annual period that includes the interim period of adoption. The primary impact
of adoption was the recognition of additional stock compensation expense and paid-in capital for all periods in fiscal year 2016. Additional
amendments to the recognition of excess tax benefits, accounting for income taxes and minimum statutory withholding tax requirements
had no impact to retained earnings as of January 1, 2016, where the cumulative effect of these changes is required
to be recorded. We have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur to determine the amount of compensation cost to be recognized
in each period. 

In
November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230). ASU No. 2016-18 requires that
restricted cash be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the change in cash flow. This guidance is reflected
in these financial statements. 

In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which removes the second step of
the two-step goodwill impairment test. Under ASU 2017-04, an entity will apply a one-step quantitative test and record the amount
of goodwill impairment as the excess of a reporting unit s carrying amount over its fair value, not to exceed the total
amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 does not amend the optional qualitative assessment of goodwill
impairment. Additionally, an entity should consider income tax effects from any tax-deductible goodwill on the carrying amount
of the reporting unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. ASU 2017-04 is effective for annual or any interim
goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019; early adoption is permitted for interim or annual
goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. The Company has not elected early adoption of this
standard and is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2017-04 and cannot currently estimate the financial
statement impact of adoption. 

In
May 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting. 
The amendments in this update provide guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based award require an
entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The guidance will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year
2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect this ASU to materially impact the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

Accounting
standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a
future date are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

F- 14 

Note 4 Marketable Securities 

The Company owns marketable securities
(common stock) as outlined below: 

2017 
 2016 
 
 Balance January 1 
 39,769 

Fair value of stock received 
 
 16,525 
 
 Unrealized gain marked to fair
 value 
 2,093 
 23,244 
 
 Balance December 31 
 41,862 
 39,769 

800 Commerce, Inc.
(now known as Petrogress, Inc), was a commonly controlled entity until February 29, 2016, owed Agritek 282,947 as of February
29, 2016, as a result of advances received from or payments made by Agritek on behalf of 800 Commerce. These advances were non-interest
bearing and were due on demand. Effective February 29, 2016, the Company received 1,102,462 shares of common stock of Petrogress,
Inc. as settlement of the 282,947 owed to the Company. The market value on the date the Company received the shares of common
stock was 16,525. 

Note 5 - Prepaid Expenses 

Prepaid expenses consisted of the following
at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016: 

December
 31, 2017 
 December
 31, 2016 

Vendor deposits 
 46,000 
 6,000 
 
 Consulting fees 
 
 4,000 
 
 Investor relations 
 2,500 

Total prepaid expenses 
 48,500 
 10,000 

Note 6 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 

Cash 

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations
of credit risk consist principally of cash. The Company maintains cash balances at
one financial institution, which is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). The FDIC
insured institution insures up to 250,000 on account balances. 

Note
7 Note Payable 

Note
Payable Land 

In
February, 2017, the Company entered into a land purchase contract to acquire approximately 80 acres including water and
mineral rights. The total cost of the land was 129,555. The Company paid 41,554 at closing and issued a note payable for
 88,000. As of December 31, 2017, the Company is on the deed of trust of the property with a remaining note balance of
 51,500 due the seller. 

F- 15 

Note
8 Convertible Debt 

2014
Convertible Note 

In
January 2014, the Company entered into a Secured Promissory Note for 1,660,000 (the 2014 Company Note to Tonaquint,
Inc. Tonaquint which includes a purchase price of 1,500,000 and transaction costs of 160,000. On January 31,
2014, the Company received 300 ,000 of the purchase price. Tonaquint also issued to the Company
6 secured promissory notes, each in the amount of 200,000 (the 2014 Investor Notes ). All or any portion of the
outstanding balance of the 2014 Investor Notes may be prepaid, without penalty, along with accrued but unpaid interest at any
time prior to maturity. The Company has no obligation to pay Tonaquint any amounts on the unfunded portion of the 2014 Company
Note. The 2014 Company Note bears interest at 8 per annum (increases to 22 per annum upon an event of default) and is convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock at Tonaquint s option at a price of 0.55 per share, exercisable in seven
tranches, consisting of a first tranche of 340,000 of principal and any interest, fees costs or charges, and six additional tranches
of 220,000 each, plus any interest, costs, fees or charges. 

Beginning on the
date that is six (6) months after the later of (i) the Issuance Date, and (ii) the date the Initial Cash Purchase Price is paid
to the Company (the Initial Installment Date ), and on each applicable Installment Date thereafter, the Company is
to pay the Holder, the applicable Installment Amount due on such date. Ten Installment Amounts of 166,000 plus the sum of any
accrued and unpaid interest, fees, costs or charges may be made (a) in cash (a Company Redemption ), (b) by converting
such Installment Amount into shares of Common Stock (a Company Conversion ), or (c) by any combination of a Company
Conversion and a Company Redemption so long as the entire amount of such Installment Amount due shall be converted and/or redeemed
by the Company on the applicable Installment Date. The 2014 Company Note matured fifteen months after the Issuance Date. 

As of December
31, 2015, 311,815 of principal and accrued interest of 1,041 is outstanding on the 2014 Company Note. 

On January 19,
2016, the Company accepted and agreed to a Debt Purchase Agreement (the DPA ), whereby LG Capital Funding, LLC LG acquired 157,500 of the Tonaquint 2014 Convertible Note in exchange for 75,000. The Company issued an 8 Replacement Note to
LG for 157,500 (the First Replacement Note ). The First Replacement Note was due January 19, 2017 and was convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock at any time at the discretion of LG at a variable conversion price VCP ).
The VCP is calculated as the lowest trading price during the eighteen (18) trading days immediately prior to the conversion date
multiplied by fifty eight percent (58 ), representing a forty two percent (42 discount. On January 19, 2016, the Company recorded
a debt discount on the note of 157,500 and for the year ended December 31, 2016 recorded amortization expense of 151,813. The
principal and interest balance of the First Replacement Note as of December 31, 2016, was 157,500 and 12,145, respectively.
During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued 12,268,244 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 157,500
of principal and 13,242 accrued and unpaid interest on the First Replacement Note. For the year ended December 31, 2017, the
Company recorded amortization expense of 5,687 on the remaining amount of the debt discount. The shares were issued at approximately
 0.014 per share. As of December 31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with
stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within the terms of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized
upon the conversion. 

On January 19,
2016, the Company accepted and agreed to a DPA, whereby Cerberus Finance Group, LTD Cerberus acquired 154,315
of principal and 2,434 of accrued and unpaid interest of the Tonaquint 2014 Convertible Note in exchange for 75,000. The Company
issued an 8 Replacement Note to Cerberus for 156,749 (the Second Replacement Note ). The Second Replacement Note
was due January 19, 2017 and was convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at any time at the discretion of
LG at a VCP. The VCP is calculated as the lowest trading price during the eighteen (18) trading days immediately prior to the
conversion date multiplied by fifty eight percent (58 ), representing a forty two percent (42 discount. On January 19, 2016,
the Company recorded a debt discount on the note of 156,749 and for the year ended December 31, 2016 recorded amortization expense
of 151,432. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company issued 13,129,683 shares of common stock upon the conversion
of 9,500 of principal and 400 accrued and unpaid interest on the Second Replacement Note. The shares were issued at approximately
 0.000754 per share. The principal and interest balance of the Second Replacement Note as of December 31, 2016, was 147,249 and
 11,617, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued 11,059,977 shares of common stock upon the
conversion of 147,249 of principal and 11,749 accrued and unpaid interest on the Second Replacement Note. For the year ended
December 31, 2017, the Company recorded amortization expense of 5,317 on the remaining amount of the debt discount. The shares
were issued at approximately 0.0144 per share. As of December 31, 2017, principal and interest
were paid in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within the terms of the note agreement, as such, no
gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion. 

F- 16 

2016 Convertible
Notes 

On January 19,
2016, the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with LG, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the LG Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the LG Purchase Agreement, LG purchased an 8 Convertible Debenture
(the LG Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 76,080, and delivered on January 31, 2016, gross proceeds
of 62,500 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. The Company recorded a debt discount of 76,080 and during the year
ended December 31, 2016, recorded amortization expense of 72,911. The principal and interest balance of the note as of December
31, 2016 was 76,080 and 5,833, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued 28,295,680 shares of
common stock upon the conversion of 76,080 of principal and 4,752 accrued and unpaid interest on the note. The shares were issued
at approximately 0.0097 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded amortization expense of 3,170
for the remaining portion of the debt discount. As of December 31, 2017, principal and interest
were paid in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within the terms of the note agreement, as such, no
gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion. 

On January 19,
2016, the Company also issued a back end note to LG, under the same terms and conditions, in the amount of 65,625. The back-end
note was funded July 14, 2016, upon the receipt of 62,500, excluding transaction costs, fees and expenses. The Company recorded
a debt discount of 65,625 and during the year ended December 31, 2016, recorded amortization expense of 47,396. The principal
and interest balance of the note as of December 31, 2016 was 65,625 and 2,465, respectively. During the year ended December
31, 2017, the Company issued 5,432,726 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 65,625 of principal and 3,698 accrued and
unpaid interest on the note. The shares were issued at approximately 0.01276 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2017,
the Company recorded amortization expense of 34,818 for the remaining portion of the debt discount. As
of December 31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within
the terms of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion. 

On January 19,
2016, the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with Cerberus, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Cerberus Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Cerberus Purchase Agreement, Cerberus purchased an
8 Convertible Debenture (the Cerberus Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 34,775, and delivered on
January 25, 2016, gross proceeds of 25,000 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. The Company recorded a debt discount
of 34,475 and during the year ended December 31, 2016, recorded amortization expense of 32,843. The principal and interest balance
of the note as of December 31, 2016 was 34,775 and 2,496, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company
issued 2,953,523 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 34,775 of principal and 3,255 accrued and unpaid interest on
the note. The shares were issued at approximately 0.01287 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded
amortization expense of 1,982 for the remaining portion of the debt discount. As of December
31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within the terms
of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion. 

On January 19,
2016, the Company also issued a back-end note to Cerberus, under the same terms and conditions, in the amount of 22,000. The
back-end note was funded August 1 upon receipt of 20,000, excluding transaction costs, fees and expenses. The Company recorded
a debt discount of 22,000 and during the year ended December 31, 2016, recorded amortization expense of 17,294. The principal
and interest balance of the note as of December 31, 2016 was 22,000 and 743, respectively. During the year ended December 31,
2017, the Company issued 4,264,903 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 22,000 of principal and 1,500 accrued and unpaid
interest on the note. The shares were issued at approximately 0.00551 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the
Company recorded amortization expense of 4,706 for the remaining portion of the debt discount. As
of December 31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within
the terms of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion. 

F- 17 

On March 23, 2016,
the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with Cerberus, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Cerberus Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Cerberus Purchase Agreement, Cerberus purchased an
8 Convertible Debenture (the Cerberus Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 22,000, and delivered on
March 31, 2016, gross proceeds of 20,000 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. The Company recorded a debt discount
of 22,000 and during the year ended December 31, 2016, recorded amortization expense of 16,989. The principal and interest balance
of the note as of December 31, 2016 was 22,000 and 1,271, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company
issued 3,023,338 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 22,000 of principal and 2,199 accrued and unpaid interest on
the note. The shares were issued at approximately 0.008 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded
amortization expense of 5,011 for the remaining portion of the debt discount. As of December
31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within the terms
of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion. 

On April 15, 2016,
the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with LG, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement
(the LG Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the LG Purchase Agreement, LG purchased an 8 Convertible Debenture (the
 LG Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 65,625, and delivered on April 15, 2016, gross proceeds of 62,500
excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. The Company recorded a debt discount of 65,625 and during the year ended December
31, 2016, recorded amortization expense of 47,396. The principal and interest balance of the note as of December 31, 2016 was
 65,625 and 3,792, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued 12,718,484 shares of common stock
upon the conversion of 65,625 of principal and 6,535 accrued and unpaid interest on the note. The shares were issued at approximately
 0.0057 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded amortization expense of 18,229 for the remaining
portion of the debt discount. As of December 31, 2017, principal and interest were paid
in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within the terms of the note agreement, as such, no gain or
loss was recognized upon the conversion. 

On October 14,
2016, the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with LG, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the LG Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the LG Purchase Agreement, LG purchased an 8 Convertible Debenture
(the LG Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 32,813, and delivered on October 14, 2016, gross proceeds
of 30,813 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. The Company recorded a debt discount of 30,813 and during the year
ended December 31, 2016, recorded amortization expense of 6,676. The principal and interest balance of the note as of December
31, 2016 was 32,813 and 569, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued 6,499,359 shares of common
stock upon the conversion of 32,813 of principal and 2,999 accrued and unpaid interest on the note. The shares were issued at
approximately 0.00551 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded amortization expense of 24,137
for the remaining portion of the debt discount. As of December 31, 2017, principal and interest
were paid in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within the terms of the note agreement, as such, no
gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion. 

On October 31,
2016, the Company entered into a Convertible Promissory Note St. George 2016 Notes for 555,000 to St. George Investments,
LLC. St. George which includes a purchase price of 500,000 and transaction costs of 5,000 and OID interest of
 50,000. On October 31, 2016, the Company received 100,000 and recorded 115,000 as convertible note payable, including 5,000
of transaction costs and 10,000 OID interest. St. George also issued to the Company eight secured promissory notes, each in the
amount of 50,000. All or any portion of the outstanding balance of the St. George 2016 Notes may be prepaid, without penalty,
along with accrued but unpaid interest at any time prior to maturity. The Company has no obligation to pay St. George any amounts
on the unfunded portion of the St. George 2016 Notes. The St. George 2016 Note bears interest at 10 per annum (increases to 22 
per annum upon an event of default) and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at St. George s option
at a price of 0.05 per share. On December 14, 2016, St. George funded one of the secured promissory notes issued to the Company.
During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recorded debt discounts of 150,000 and during the year ended December 31,
2016, recorded amortization expense of 25,416. The principal and interest balance of the note as of December 31, 2016 was 170,000
and 1,933, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2017, St. George funded the remaining secured promissory notes issued
to the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded debt discounts of 350,000 and during the year ended
December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of 474,584. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued 46,631,979
shares of common stock upon the conversion of 241,756 of principal and 21,249 accrued and unpaid interest on the note. The shares
were issued at approximately 0.00564 per share. The principal and interest balance of the note as of December 31, 2017, was 313,244
and 1,946, respectively. 

F- 18 

Beginning on the
date that is six (6) months after the later of (i) the Issuance Date, and (ii) the date the Initial Cash Purchase Price is paid
to the Company (the Initial Installment Date ), and on each applicable Installment Date thereafter, the Company is
to pay the Holder, the applicable Installment Amount due on such date. Five Installment Amounts of 111,000 plus the sum of any
accrued and unpaid interest, fees, costs or charges may be made (a) in cash (a Company Redemption ), (b) by converting
such Installment Amount into shares of Common Stock (a Company Conversion ), or (c) by any combination of a Company
Conversion and a Company Redemption so long as the entire amount of such Installment Amount due shall be converted and/or redeemed
by the Company on the applicable Installment Date. The St. George 2016 Note matures fifteen months after the Issuance Date. 

On December 15,
2016, the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with LG, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the LG Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the LG Purchase Agreement, LG purchased an 8 Convertible Debenture
(the LG Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 32,813, and delivered on December 15, 2016, gross proceeds
of 30,813 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recorded a debt
discount of 32,813 and during the year ended December 31, 2016, recorded amortization expense of 1,369. The principal and interest
balance of the note as of December 31, 2016 was 32,813 and 117, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company
issued 5,980,387 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 32,813 of principal and 2,567 accrued and unpaid interest on
the note. The shares were issued at approximately 0.005916 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded
amortization expense of 29,443 for the remaining portion of the debt discount. As of December
31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within the terms
of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion. 

Also, on December
15, 2016, the Company issued to LG, a back-end note under the same terms and conditions, in the amount of 32,813. On September
28, 2017, the back-end note was funded upon receipt of 30,813, excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During the year
ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded a debt discount of 30,813 and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded
amortization expense of 30,813. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued 5,793,378 shares of common stock
upon the conversion of 32,813 of principal and 453 accrued and unpaid interest on the note. The shares were issued at approximately
 0.005742 per share. As of December 31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with
stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within the terms of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized
upon the conversion. 

Principal and interest
on the above LG and Cerberus convertible debentures is due and payable one year from their respective funding date, and the LG
and Cerberus Debentures are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at any time at the discretion of LG and
Cerberus, respectively, at a VCP. The VCP is calculated as the lowest trading price during the eighteen (18) trading days immediately
prior to the conversion date multiplied by fifty eight percent (58 ), representing a forty two percent (42 discount. 

The Company determined
that the conversion feature of the 2016 Convertible Notes represent an embedded derivative since the Notes are convertible into
a variable number of shares upon conversion. Accordingly, the 2016 Convertible Notes were not considered to be conventional debt
under ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in,
a Company s Own Stock) and the embedded conversion feature was bifurcated from the debt host and accounted for as a derivative
liability. Accordingly, the fair value of these derivative instruments being recorded as a liability on the consolidated balance
sheet with the corresponding amount recorded as a discount to each Note. Such discount is being amortized from the date of issuance
to the maturity dates of the Notes. The change in the fair value of the liability for derivative contracts are recorded in other
income or expenses in the consolidated statements of operations at the end of each quarter, with the offset to the derivative
liability on the balance sheet. The embedded feature included in the 2016 Convertible Notes resulted in an initial debt discount
of 865,593, an initial derivative liability expense of 2,317,830 and an initial derivative liability of 3,183,423. Amortization
of debt discount on the notes issued in 2016 was 257,033 and 608,560 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

F- 19 

2017 Convertible
Notes 

On January 24,
2017, the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with LG, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the LG Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the LG Purchase Agreement, LG purchased an 8 Convertible Debenture
(the LG Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 94,500, and delivered on January 25, 2017, gross proceeds
of 90,000 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded a debt
discount of 90,000 and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of 90,000. During the year ended
December 31, 2017, the Company issued 17,440,037 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 94,500 of principal and 6,051
accrued and unpaid interest on the note. The shares were issued at approximately 0.00577 per share. As
of December 31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within
the terms of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion. Also, on January 24, 2017,
the Company issued to LG, a back-end note under the same terms and conditions, in the amount of 94,500. On June 26, 2017, the
back-end note was funded upon receipt of 90,000, excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During the year ended December
31, 2017, the Company recorded a debt discount of 86,340 and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense
of 86,340. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued 13,697,874 shares of common stock upon the conversion
of 94,500 of principal and 2,178 accrued and unpaid interest on the back-end note. The shares were issued at approximately 0.00706
per share. As of December 31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with stock,
mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within the terms of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized
upon the conversion. 

On January 24,
2017, the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with Cerberus, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Cerberus Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Cerberus Purchase Agreement, Cerberus purchased an
8 Convertible Debenture (the Cerberus Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 63,000, and delivered on
January 25, 2017, gross proceeds of 60,000 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During the year ended December 31,
2017, the Company recorded a debt discount of 60,000 and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense
of 60,000. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued 11,586,452 shares of common stock upon the conversion
of 63,000 of principal and 3,357 accrued and unpaid interest on the note. The shares were issued at approximately 0.00573 per
share. As of December 31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with stock, mentioned
above, and the conversions occurred within the terms of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion.
 Also, on January 24, 2017, the Company issued to Cerberus, a back-end note under the same terms and conditions, in the
amount of 63,000. On June 30, 2017, the back-end note was funded upon receipt of 60,000, excluding transaction costs, fees,
and expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded a debt discount of 56,340 and during the year ended
December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of 53,367. The principal and interest balance of the back-end note as of December
31, 2017 was 63,000 and 2,632, respectively. 

F- 20 

On February 1,
2017, the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with Power Up Lending Group, LTD Power
Up ), pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Power Up Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Power
Up Purchase Agreement, Power Up purchased an 12 Convertible Debenture (the Power Up Debenture in the aggregate
principal amount of 140,000, and delivered on February 3, 2017 (the Funding Date ), gross proceeds of 136,500 excluding
transaction costs, fees, and expenses. Principal and interest on the Power Up Debentures is due and payable on November 5, 2017,
and the Power Up Debenture is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock beginning six months from the Funding
Date, at a VCP. The VCP is calculated as the average of the three (3) lowest closing bid price during the ten (10) trading days
immediately prior to the conversion date multiplied by fifty eight percent (58 ), representing a forty two percent (42 discount.
During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded a debt discount of 136,500 and during the year ended December 31,
2017, recorded amortization expense of 136,500. The Company may prepay the Power Up Debenture, subject to prior notice to the
holder within an initial 30-day period after issuance, by paying an amount equal to 120 multiplied by the amount that the Company
is prepaying. For each additional 30-day period the amount being prepaid is multiplied by an additional 5 , up to a maximum of
140 on the 180 th day from issuance. Beginning on the 180 th day after the issuance of the Debentures,
the Company is not permitted to prepay the Debenture, so long as the Debenture is still outstanding, unless the Company and the
holder agree otherwise in writing. On June 23, 2017, the Company accepted and agreed to Assignment Agreements AA ),
whereby, Power Up assigned 70,000 of their note to LG, and 70,000 of their note to Cerberus. As part of the AA, the Company
agreed to pay Power Up 65,000. The Company issued an 8 Replacement Note to LG for 73,198 (the First Power Up Replacement
Note ), and an 8 Replacement Note to Cerberus for 73,198 (the Second Power Up Replacement Note The First
and Second Power Up Replacement Notes are due June 23, 2018 and are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock
at any time at the discretion of LG and Cerberus, respectively, at a VCP. The VCP is calculated as the lowest trading price during
the eighteen (18) trading days immediately prior to the conversion date multiplied by fifty eight percent (58 ), representing
a forty two percent (42 discount. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded a debt discount of 73,198 for
the First Power up Replacement Note and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of 73,198. During
the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued 12,721,391 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 73,198 of principal
and 967 accrued and unpaid interest on the First Power Up Replacement Note. The shares were issued at approximately 0.00583
per share. The principal balance of the First Power Up Replacement Note as of December 31, 2017 was -0-. During the year ended
December 31, 2017, the Company recorded a debt discount of 73,198 for the Second Power up Replacement Note and during the year
ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of 38,836. The principal and interest balance of the Second Power Up Replacement
Note as of December 31, 2017 was 73,199 and 3,107 respectively. 

On February 24,
2017, the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with LG. Pursuant to the LG Purchase Agreement,
LG purchased an 8 Convertible Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 26,000, and delivered on February 24, 2017, gross
proceeds of 24,000 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded
a debt discount of 24,000 and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of 24,000. On December
29,2017, the Company paid LG 35,421 to redeem the note, including 7,723 of excess over principal and interest due. As
of December 31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within
the terms of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion. 

On February 24,
2017, the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with Cerberus, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Cerberus Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Cerberus Purchase Agreement, Cerberus purchased an
8 Convertible Debenture (the Cerberus Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 17,500, and delivered on
February 27, 2017, gross proceeds of 16,000 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During the year ended December 31,
2017, the Company recorded a debt discount of 16,000 and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense
of 13,644. The principal and interest balance of the note as of December 31, 2017 was 17,500 and 1,206, respectively. Also,
on February 24, 2017, the Company issued to Cerberus, a back-end note under the same terms and conditions, in the amount of 17,500.
On December 7, 2017, the back-end note was funded upon receipt of 16,000, excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During
the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded a debt discount of 16,000 and during the year ended December 31, 2017,
recorded amortization expense of 4,861. The principal and interest balance of the back-end note as of December 31, 2017 was 17,500
and 80, respectively. 

F- 21 

On March 24, 2017,
the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with LG. Pursuant to the LG Purchase Agreement,
LG purchased an 8 Convertible Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 52,000, and delivered on March 28, 2017, gross
proceeds of 49,600 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded
a debt discount of 49,400 and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of 49,400. On December
29,2017, the Company paid LG 70,376 to redeem the note, including 15,344 of excess over principal and interest due. The principal
balance of the note as of December 31, 2017 was -0-. Also, on March 24, 2017, the Company issued to LG, a back-end note under
the same terms and conditions, in the amount of 52,000. On September 28, 2017, the back-end note was funded upon receipt of 49,600,
excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded a debt discount
of 49,400 and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of 49,400. During the year ended December
31, 2017, the Company issued 8,939,991 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 52,000 of principal and 889 accrued and
unpaid interest on the note. The shares were issued at approximately 0.00592 per share. As
of December 31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within
the terms of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion. 

On April 24, 2017,
the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with Cerberus, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Cerberus Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Cerberus Purchase Agreement, Cerberus purchased an
8 Convertible Debenture (the Cerberus Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 42,000, and delivered on
May 3, 2017, gross proceeds of 40,000 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2017,
the Company recorded a debt discount of 40,000 and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of
 40,000. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued 6,570,945 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 42,000
of principal and 2,209 accrued and unpaid interest on the note. The shares were issued at approximately 0.00673 per share. As
of December 31, 2017, principal and interest were paid in full with stock, mentioned above, and the conversions occurred within
the terms of the note agreement, as such, no gain or loss was recognized upon the conversion. 

On May 24, 2017,
the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with LG. Pursuant to the LG Purchase Agreement,
LG purchased an 8 Convertible Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 52,000, and delivered on May 24, 2017, gross proceeds
of 49,600 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded a debt
discount of 49,400 and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of 49,400. On December 29,2017,
the Company paid LG 69,545 to redeem the note, including 15,163 of excess over principal and interest due. The principal balance
of the note as of December 31, 2017 was -0-. Also, on May 24, 2017, the Company issued to LG, a back-end note under the same
terms and conditions, in the amount of 52,000. On December 4, 2017, the back-end note was funded upon receipt of 49,600, excluding
transaction costs, fees, and expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded a debt discount of 49,400
and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of 49,400. On December 29,2017, the Company paid LG
 66,718 to redeem the back-end note, including 14,547 of excess over principal and interest due. The principal balance of the
back-end note as of December 31, 2017 was -0-. 

On August 8, 2017,
the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with Power Up, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Power Up Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Power Up Purchase Agreement, Power Up purchased an
12 Convertible Debenture (the Power Up Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 128,000, and delivered
on August 9, 2017 (the Funding Date ), gross proceeds of 125,000 excluding transaction costs, fees, and expenses.
Principal and interest on the Power Up Debentures is due and payable on May 15, 2018, and the Power Up Debenture is convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock beginning six months from the Funding Date, at a VCP. The VCP is calculated as
the average of the three (3) lowest closing bid price during the ten (10) trading days immediately prior to the conversion date
multiplied by fifty eight percent (58 ), representing a forty two percent (42 discount. During the year ended December 31, 2017,
the Company recorded a debt discount of 125,000 and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of
 125,000. The Company may prepay the Power Up Debenture, subject to prior notice to the holder within an initial 30-day period
after issuance, by paying an amount equal to 120 multiplied by the amount that the Company is prepaying. For each additional
30-day period the amount being prepaid is multiplied by an additional 5 , up to a maximum of 140 on the 180 th day
from issuance. Beginning on the 180 th day after the issuance of the Debentures, the Company is not permitted to
prepay the Debenture, so long as the Debenture is still outstanding, unless the Company and the holder agree otherwise in writing.
On December 21,2017, the Company paid Power Up 177,639 to redeem the note, including 44,087 of excess over principal and interest
due. The principal balance of the note as of December 31, 2017 was -0-. 

F- 22 

On December 20,
2017, the Company entered into a Convertible Promissory Note St. George 2017 Notes for 1,105,000 to St. George
which includes a purchase price of 1,000,000 and transaction costs of 5,000 and OID interest of 100,000. On December 21, 2017,
the Company received 200,000 and recorded 225,000 as convertible note payable, including 5,000 of transaction costs and 20,000
OID interest. St. George also issued to the Company four secured promissory notes, each in the amount of 200,000. All or any
portion of the outstanding balance of the St. George 2017 Notes may be prepaid, without penalty, along with accrued but unpaid
interest at any time prior to maturity. The Company has no obligation to pay St. George any amounts on the unfunded portion of
the St. George 2017 Notes. The St. George 2017 Note bears interest at 10 per annum (increases to 22 per annum upon an event
of default) and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at St. George s option at a price of 0.05
per share. On December 27, 2017, St. George funded 250,000 of the secured promissory notes issued to the Company, and the Company
recorded 270,000 as convertible note payable, including 20,000 OID interest. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company
recorded debt discounts of 450,000 and during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded amortization expense of 6,637. The
principal and interest balance of the St George 2017 Note as of December 31, 2017, was 495,000 and 926, respectively. 

Principal and interest
on the 2017 LG and Cerberus Debentures above is due and payable one year from their respective funding date, and the LG and Cerberus
Debentures are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at any time at the discretion of LG and Cerberus, respectively,
at a VCP. The VCP is calculated as the lowest trading price during the eighteen (18) trading days immediately prior to the conversion
date multiplied by fifty eight percent (58 ), representing a forty two percent (42 discount. 

The Company may
prepay the 2017 LG and/or the Cerberus Debentures, subject to prior notice to the holder within an initial 30-day period after
issuance, by paying an amount equal to 118 multiplied by the amount that the Company is prepaying. For each additional 30-day
period the amount being prepaid is multiplied by an additional 6 , up to a maximum of 148 on the 180 th day from issuance.
Beginning on the 180 th day after the issuance of the Debentures, the Company is not permitted to prepay the Debenture,
so long as the Debenture is still outstanding, unless the Company and the holder agree otherwise in writing. 

The Company determined
that the conversion feature of the 2017 Convertible Notes represent an embedded derivative since the Notes are convertible into
a variable number of shares upon conversion. Accordingly, the 2017 Convertible Notes were not considered to be conventional debt
under ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in,
a Company s Own Stock) and the embedded conversion feature was bifurcated from the debt host and accounted for as a derivative
liability. Accordingly, the fair value of these derivative instruments being recorded as a liability on the consolidated balance
sheet with the corresponding amount recorded as a discount to each Note. Such discount is being amortized from the date of issuance
to the maturity dates of the Notes. The change in the fair value of the liability for derivative contracts are recorded in other
income or expenses in the consolidated statements of operations at the end of each quarter, with the offset to the derivative
liability on the balance sheet. The embedded feature included in the 2017 Convertible Notes resulted in an initial debt discount
of 1,824,991, an initial derivative liability expense of 1,808,511 and an initial derivative liability of 3,633,502. For the
ear ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded amortization expense on the debt discounts of the 2017 Notes of 1,330,798,
and there remains 494,193 of unamortized debt discount as of December 31, 2017. 

The total
amount paid to redeem convertible notes and accrued interest during the year ended December 31, 2017, was 419,699, including 96,864 of
excess over principal and interest due. 

F- 23 

Convertible
Note Conversions 

During the year
ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued the following shares of common stock upon the conversions of portions of the Convertible
Notes: 

Date 
 Principal Conversion 
 Interest Conversion 
 Total Conversion 
 Conversion Price 
 Shares Issued 
 Issued to 
 
 1/10/17 
 73,000 
 5,664 
 78,664 
 0.01595 
 4,931,912 
 Cerberus 
 
 1/17/17 
 57,500 
 4,562 
 62,062 
 0.01537 
 4,037,878 
 LG 
 
 1/27/17 
 48,129 
 3,914 
 52,043 
 0.01276 
 4,078,598 
 Cerberus 
 
 2/8/17 
 60,000 
 5,050 
 65,050 
 0.012934 
 5,029,369 
 LG 
 
 2/27/17 
 26,120 
 2,171 
 28,291 
 0.013804 
 2,049,467 
 Cerberus 
 
 3/10/17 
 40,000 
 3,630 
 43,630 
 0.01363 
 3,200,997 
 LG 
 
 3/27/17 
 34,775 
 3,255 
 38,030 
 0.012876 
 2,953,523 
 Cerberus 
 
 3/28/17 
 65,625 
 3,697 
 69,322 
 0.01276 
 5,432,725 
 LG 
 
 4/25/17 
 76,081 
 4,752 
 80,833 
 0.009744 
 8,295,680 
 LG 
 
 5/10/17 
 22,000 
 2,199 
 24,199 
 0.008 
 3,023,338 
 Cerberus 
 
 5/10/17 
 20,640 
 9,360 
 30,000 
 0.0075 
 4,000,000 
 St Georges 
 
 5/25/17 
 29,052 
 947 
 30,000 
 0.00564 
 5,319,149 
 St Georges 
 
 6/6/17 
 32,813 
 2,999 
 35,811 
 .00551 
 6,499,359 
 LG 
 
 6/8/17 
 34,100 
 900 
 35,000 
 0.00564 
 6,205,674 
 St Georges 
 
 6/9/17 
 22,000 
 1,500 
 23,500 
 0.00551 
 4,264,903 
 Cerberus 
 
 6/29/17 
 48,849 
 1,151 
 50,000 
 .00564 
 8,865,248 
 St Georges 
 
 6/30/17 
 30,625 
 2,960 
 33,585 
 0.0058 
 5,790,541 
 LG 
 
 7/17/17 
 37,358 
 733 
 38,091 
 0.00564 
 6,753,817 
 St Georges 
 
 7/25/17 
 35,000 
 3,575 
 38,575 
 0.005568 
 6,927,943 
 LG 
 
 7/26/17 
 28,000 
 1,117 
 29,117 
 0.005568 
 5,229,334 
 Cerberus 
 
 8/15/17 
 35,199 
 409 
 35,608 
 0.0058 
 6,139,276 
 LG 
 
 8/29/17 
 38,000 
 558 
 38,558 
 0.005858 
 6,582,115 
 LG 
 
 9/19/17 
 34,500 
 665 
 35,165 
 0.008178 
 4,300,002 
 LG 
 
 10/9/17 
 30,000 
 710 
 30,710 
 0.007076 
 4,340,042 
 LG 
 
 10/23/17 
 30,000 
 802 
 30,802 
 0.006090 
 5,057,830 
 LG 
 
 11/6/17 
 28,376 
 6,624 
 35,000 
 0.005640 
 6,205,674 
 St Georges 
 
 11/6/17 
 19,500 
 1,218 
 20,718 
 0.005858 
 3,536,715 
 LG 
 
 11/13/17 
 35,000 
 2,240 
 37,240 
 0.005858 
 6,357,118 
 Cerberus 
 
 11/14/17 
 26,624 
 428 
 27,052 
 0.005640 
 4,796,452 
 St Georges 
 
 11/15/17 
 75.000 
 4,833 
 79,833 
 0.005742 
 13,903,322 
 LG 
 
 12/1/17 
 32,813 
 453 
 33,266 
 0.005742 
 5,793,378 
 LG 
 
 12/5/17 
 16,756 
 1,105 
 17,861 
 0.005640 
 3,166,816 
 St Georges 
 
 12/7/17 
 32,813 
 2,567 
 35,380 
 0.005916 
 5,980,387 
 LG 
 
 12/15/17 
 52,000 
 889 
 52,889 
 0.005916 
 8,939,991 
 LG 
 
 12/28/17 
 42,000 
 2,209 
 44,209 
 0.006728 
 6,570,945 
 Cerberus 

1,350,247 
 89,846 
 1,440,093 
 
 194,559,520 

F- 24 

During the year
ended December 31, 2016, the Company issued the following shares of common stock upon the conversion of portions of the 2015
Convertible Notes and accrued interest thereon: 

Date 
 Principal
 Conversion 
 Interest
 Conversion 
 Total
 Conversion 
 Conversion
 Price 
 Shares
 Issued 
 Issued
 to 
 
 12/28/16 
 45,000 
 3,511 
 48,511 
 0.015080 
 3,216,925 
 LG 
 
 12/13/16 
 9,500 
 400 
 9,900 
 0.000754 
 13,129,683 
 Cerberus 
 
 9/26/16 
 8,613 
 629 
 9,242 
 0.001218 
 7,587,824 
 LG 
 
 7/29/16 
 7,500 
 801 
 8,301 
 0.000081 
 10,222,352 
 LG 
 
 7/20/16 
 9,500 
 995 
 10,495 
 0.000098 
 10,644,310 
 LG 
 
 7/12/16 
 9,000 
 927 
 9,927 
 0.000986 
 10,068,073 
 LG 
 
 7/1/16 
 8,000 
 805 
 8,805 
 0.001160 
 7,590,362 
 LG 
 
 6/22/16 
 5,000 
 973 
 5,973 
 0.001450 
 4,119,414 
 GW 
 
 6/20/16 
 10,500 
 1,003 
 11,503 
 0.001450 
 7,933,377 
 Cerberus 
 
 6/20/16 
 5,000 
 967 
 5,967 
 0.001450 
 4,114,879 
 GW 
 
 6/20/16 
 6,000 
 589 
 6,589 
 0.001450 
 4,544,241 
 LG 
 
 6/10/16 
 6,075 
 1,134 
 7,209 
 0.001798 
 4,009,701 
 GW 
 
 6/9/16 
 5,000 
 479 
 5,479 
 0.001798 
 3,047,219 
 LG 
 
 6/2/16 
 9,000 
 848 
 9,848 
 0.002378 
 4,141,387 
 Cerberus 
 
 5/23/16 
 5,000 
 460 
 5,460 
 0.002436 
 2,241,490 
 LG 
 
 3/17/16 
 9,000 
 696 
 9,696 
 0.002436 
 3,980,431 
 LG 
 
 3/17/16 
 3,000 
 138 
 3,138 
 0.000638 
 4,918,624 
 Service 
 
 3/8/16 
 7,425 
 928 
 8,353 
 0.00174 
 4,800,354 
 GW 
 
 3/7/16 
 6,500 
 489 
 6,989 
 0.00174 
 4,016,471 
 LG 

174,613 
 16,772 
 191,385 
 
 114,327,117 

A summary of the
convertible notes payable balance as of December 31, 2017, and 2016 is as follows: 

2017 
 2016 
 
 Beginning Principal Balance 
 826,480 
 472,515 
 
 Convertible notes-newly issued 
 1,813,210 
 521,731 
 
 Conversion of convertible notes (principal) 
 (1,350,247 
 6,848 
 
 Principal payments 
 (310,000 
 (174,613 
 
 Unamortized discount 
 (494,193 
 (257,033 
 
 Ending Principal Balance,
 net 
 485,250 
 569,448 

Note 9 - Derivative
liabilities 

As of December
31, 2017, the Company revalued the embedded conversion feature of the 2016 and 2017 Convertible Notes, and warrants (see note
11). The fair value of the 2016 and 2017 Convertible Notes and warrants was calculated at December 31, 2017 based on the Monte
Carlo simulation method consistent with the terms of the related debt. 

A summary of the
derivative liability balance as of December 31, 2017, is as follows: 

Notes 
 Warrants 
 Total 
 
 Beginning Balance 
 1,410,647 
 203,023 
 1,613,670 
 
 Initial Derivative Liability 
 3,633,502 
 415,313 
 4,048,815 
 
 Fair Value Change 
 1,571,986 
 1,190,244 
 2,762,230 
 
 Reclassified to Additional paid- in capital 
 (2,184,277 
 
 (2,184,277 
 
 Reduction for debt assignment 
 (823,610 
 
 (823,610 
 
 Ending Balance 
 3,608,250 
 1,808,580 
 5,416,830 

F- 25 

The embedded derivative
within Warrant # s 2 thru 9 (see Note 11) resulted in an initial derivative liability expense and an initial derivative
liability of 415,313. The valuation of the embedded derivative within the effective warrants was recorded with an offsetting
expense on derivative liabilities. 

The fair value
at the commitment date for the 2017 Convertible Notes and the re-measurement dates for the Company s derivative liabilities
were based upon the following management assumptions as of December 31, 2017: 

Commitment
 date 
 
 Remeasurement
 date 
 
 Expected dividends 

-0- 

-0- 

Expected volatility 

199 -361 

320 -331 

Expected term 

12 months 

3-12 months 

Risk free interest 

.65 -1.78 

1.51 -1.79 

The Company evaluated
all outstanding warrants to determine whether these instruments may be tainted. All warrants outstanding were considered tainted.
The Company valued the embedded derivatives within the warrants using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The fair
value at the funding date for Warrant # s 2-9 and the re-measurement dates for Warrant # s 1-9 were based upon the
following management assumptions: 

Commitment
 date 
 
 Remeasurement
 date 
 
 Expected dividends 

-0- 

-0- 

Expected volatility 

203 - 384 

320 

Expected term 

3.87 - 4.64 years 

3.84 years 

Risk free interest 

1.72 - 2.05 

1.81 

The Company
determined that the conversion feature of the 2016 Convertible Notes represent an embedded derivative since the Notes are convertible
into a variable number of shares upon conversion. Accordingly, the 2016 Convertible Notes were not considered to be conventional
debt under ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled
in, a Company s Own Stock) and the embedded conversion feature was bifurcated from the debt host and accounted for as a
derivative liability. Accordingly, the fair value of these derivative instruments being recorded as a liability on the consolidated
balance sheet with the corresponding amount recorded as a discount to each Note. Such discount is being amortized from the date
of issuance to the maturity dates of the Notes. The change in the fair value of the liability for derivative contracts are recorded
in other income or expenses in the consolidated statements of operations at the end of each quarter, with the offset to the derivative
liability on the balance sheet. The embedded feature included in the 2016 Convertible Notes resulted in an initial debt discount
of 865,593, an initial derivative liability expense of 2,317,830 and an initial derivative liability of 3,183,423. 

As of December
31, 2016, the Company revalued the embedded conversion feature of the 2015 and 2016 Convertible Notes. The fair value of the 2015
and 2016 Convertible Notes was calculated at December 31, 2016 based on the Black Scholes method consistent with the terms
of the related debt. 

A summary of the
derivative liability balance as of December 31, 2016 is as follows: 

Beginning Balance 
 167,014 
 
 Initial Derivative Liability 
 4,114,649 
 
 Fair Value Change 
 (1,791,988 
 
 Debt extinguishment 
 (84,057 
 
 Reduction for conversions 
 (791,851 
 
 Ending Balance 
 1,613,767 

F- 26 

The fair value
at the commitment date for the 2016 Convertible Notes and the re-measurement dates for the Company s derivative liabilities
were based upon the following management assumptions as of December 31, 2016: 

Commitment
 date 
 
 Remeasurement
 date 
 
 Expected dividends 

-0- 

-0- 

Expected volatility 

243 -268 

246 

Expected term 

12 months 

1-12 months 

Risk free interest 

.44 -.68 

.48 -.85 

Note 10 
 Related Party Transactions 

Effective
January 1, 2013, the Company agreed to an annual compensation of 150,000 for its CEO, Mr. Michael Friedman (resigned March
20, 2015, re-appointed November 4, 2015). Effective March 20, 2015, Mr. Justin Braune was named CEO and President. Mr. Braune
also was appointed to the Board of Directors. The Company agreed to an annual compensation of 100,000 for Mr. Braune in his
role of CEO and Director of the Company and to issue Mr. Braune 15,000,000 shares of restricted common stock. Mr. Braune
resigned from the board of directors and as CEO on November 4, 2015, and agreed to cancel the 15,000,000 shares in his
letter of resignation. The Company also initially issued Mr. Braune 12,500,000 shares of common stock on October 13, 2015. On
October 16, 2015, Mr. Braune advised the Company s transfer agent at the time to cancel the shares. The
Company s transfer agent has not canceled the shares, and accordingly, as of December 31, 2017, the shares are included
in the outstanding shares of the Company. Management has requested that the transfer agent cancel the shares. 

For the years ended
December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company recorded expenses of 150,000 to the CEO, included in Management Fees in the consolidated
statements of operations, included herein. As of December 31, 2017, and 2016, the Company owed the CEO 7,715 and 54,246, respectively,
and is included in due to related party on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. On January 30, 2017, the Company issued
10,000,000 shares of common stock to the Company s CEO. The shares were issued for services performed as the sole Officer
and director of the Company since November 2014. The shares were valued at 301,000 0.0301 per share, the market price of the
common stock on the grant date) and are included in Management Fees in the consolidated statements of operations, included herein. 

On April 14, 2015,
the Company appointed Dr. Stephen Holt to the Advisory Board of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company issued 5,000,000
shares of restricted common stock to Dr. Holt for his appointment. Additionally, the Company agreed the advisor shall receive
a non-qualified stock option to purchase 1,000,000 shares Option Shares of the Company s common stock at
an exercise price equal to 0.05 per share. 400,000 Option Shares vested immediately and the remaining 600,000 Option Shares vested
over 12 months. Accordingly, the Company has recorded 2,371 for the year ended December 31, 2016, in stock compensation expense
and all of the options have vested. 

On October
5, 2017, the Company agreed to lease from the Company s CEO, a 420 Style resort and estate
property approximately one hour outside of Quebec City, Canada. The fifteen-acre estate consists of nine (9) unique guest
suites, horse stables, and is within walking distance to a public golf course. A separate structure will serve as a small
grow facility run by patient employees and caretakers on the property which may be toured by guests of the facility. Pursuant
to the agreement, the Company will pay 8,000 per month in exchange for the Company being entitled to all rents and
income generated from the property. The Company will be responsible for all costs of the property, including, but not limited
to, renovations, repairs and maintenance, insurance and utilities. On August 8, 2017, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares
of common stock to the seller. The Company valued the shares at 0.0123 per share (the market price of the common stock) and
has included 61,500 in stock- based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2017. The Company purchased from
the previous owner furniture and fixtures for 96,000. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has not received any rents from
the property, as it is renovating the house. 

A mounts
Due from 800 Commerce, Inc. 

800 Commerce, Inc.,
a commonly controlled entity until February 29, 2016, owed Agritek 282,947 as of February 29, 2016, as a result of advances received
from or payments made by Agritek on behalf of 800 Commerce. These advances were non-interest bearing and were due on demand. Effective
February 29, 2016, the Company received 1,102,462 shares of common stock of Petrogress, Inc. (formerly known as 800 Commerce,
Inc.) as settlement of the 282,947 owed to the Company. 

F- 27 

Note 11 
 Common and Preferred Stock 

C ommon
Stock 

2017 Issuances 

During the year
ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued the following shares of common stock upon the conversions of portions of the convertible
notes: 

Date 
 Principal Conversion 
 Interest Conversion 
 Total Conversion 
 Conversion Price 
 Shares Issued 
 Issued to 
 
 1/10/17 
 73,000 
 5,664 
 78,664 
 0.01595 
 4,931,912 
 Cerberus 
 
 1/17/17 
 57,500 
 4,562 
 62,062 
 0.01537 
 4,037,878 
 LG 
 
 1/27/17 
 48,129 
 3,914 
 52,043 
 0.01276 
 4,078,598 
 Cerberus 
 
 2/8/17 
 60,000 
 5,050 
 65,050 
 0.012934 
 5,029,369 
 LG 
 
 2/27/17 
 26,120 
 2,171 
 28,291 
 0.013804 
 2,049,467 
 Cerberus 
 
 3/10/17 
 40,000 
 3,630 
 43,630 
 0.01363 
 3,200,997 
 LG 
 
 3/27/17 
 34,775 
 3,255 
 38,030 
 0.012876 
 2,953,523 
 Cerberus 
 
 3/28/17 
 65,625 
 3,697 
 69,322 
 0.01276 
 5,432,725 
 LG 
 
 4/25/17 
 76,081 
 4,752 
 80,833 
 0.009744 
 8,295,680 
 LG 
 
 5/10/17 
 22,000 
 2,199 
 24,199 
 0.008 
 3,023,338 
 Cerberus 
 
 5/10/17 
 20,640 
 9,360 
 30,000 
 0.0075 
 4,000,000 
 St Georges 
 
 5/25/17 
 29,052 
 947 
 30,000 
 0.00564 
 5,319,149 
 St Georges 
 
 6/6/17 
 32,813 
 2,999 
 35,811 
 .00551 
 6,499,359 
 LG 
 
 6/8/17 
 34,100 
 900 
 35,000 
 0.00564 
 6,205,674 
 St Georges 
 
 6/9/17 
 22,000 
 1,500 
 23,500 
 0.00551 
 4,264,903 
 Cerberus 
 
 6/29/17 
 48,849 
 1,151 
 50,000 
 .00564 
 8,865,248 
 St Georges 
 
 6/30/17 
 30,625 
 2,960 
 33,585 
 0.0058 
 5,790,541 
 LG 
 
 7/17/17 
 37,358 
 733 
 38,091 
 0.00564 
 6,753,817 
 St Georges 
 
 7/25/17 
 35,000 
 3,575 
 38,575 
 0.005568 
 6,927,943 
 LG 
 
 7/26/17 
 28,000 
 1,117 
 29,117 
 0.005568 
 5,229,334 
 Cerberus 
 
 8/15/17 
 35,199 
 409 
 35,608 
 0.0058 
 6,139,276 
 LG 
 
 8/29/17 
 38,000 
 558 
 38,558 
 0.005858 
 6,582,115 
 LG 
 
 9/19/17 
 34,500 
 665 
 35,165 
 0.008178 
 4,300,002 
 LG 
 
 10/9/17 
 30,000 
 710 
 30,710 
 0.007076 
 4,340,042 
 LG 
 
 10/23/17 
 30,000 
 802 
 30,802 
 0.006090 
 5,057,830 
 LG 
 
 11/6/17 
 28,376 
 6,624 
 35,000 
 0.005640 
 6,205,674 
 St Georges 
 
 11/6/17 
 19,500 
 1,218 
 20,718 
 0.005858 
 3,536,715 
 LG 
 
 11/13/17 
 35,000 
 2,240 
 37,240 
 0.005858 
 6,357,118 
 Cerberus 
 
 11/14/17 
 26,624 
 428 
 27,052 
 0.005640 
 4,796,452 
 St Georges 
 
 11/15/17 
 75,000 
 4,833 
 79,833 
 0.005742 
 13,903,322 
 LG 
 
 12/1/17 
 32,813 
 453 
 33,266 
 0.005742 
 5,793,378 
 LG 
 
 12/5/17 
 16,756 
 1,105 
 17,861 
 0.005640 
 3,166,816 
 St Georges 
 
 12/7/17 
 32,813 
 2,567 
 35,380 
 0.005916 
 5,980,387 
 LG 
 
 12/15/17 
 52,000 
 889 
 52,889 
 0.005916 
 8,939,991 
 LG 
 
 12/28/17 
 42,000 
 2,209 
 44,209 
 0.006728 
 6,570,945 
 Cerberus 

1,350,247 
 89,846 
 1,440,093 
 
 194,559,520 

F- 28 

In addition to
the above, during the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company: 

On January 16,
2017, the Company entered into a Business Consultant Agreement (the BCA ). Pursuant to the BCA, the Company issued
5,000,000 shares of common stock for services to be provided to the Company related to business development, product marketing,
helping identify mergers and acquisition candidates, and will consult with and advise the Company on matters pertaining to business
modeling and strategic alliances. The Company valued the shares at 0.0267 per share (the market price of the common stock) and
recorded stock compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2017, of 133,500. 

On January 27,
2017, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to Kopelowitz Ostrow P.A. KO pursuant
to a Debt Settlement and Release Agreement (the Debt Settlement by and between the Company and KO. Among the terms
of the Debt Settlement was the forgiveness of 24,614 of debt the Company owed KO for legal services provided. The Company valued
the shares at 0.0257 per share (the market price of the common stock) and recorded a loss on the settlement of accounts payable
for the year ended December 31, 2017, of 1,086. 

On January 30,
2017, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Venture Equity. The Company valued the shares at 0.03 per share
(the market price of the common stock) and cancelled of 13,169 of accrued and unpaid fees owed Venture Equity and recorded a
loss on the settlement of accounts payable for the year ended December 31, 2017, of 16,831. 

Also, on January
30, 2017, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock to the Company s CEO. The shares were issued for services
performed as the sole Officer and director of the Company since November 2014. The Company valued the shares at 0.0301 per share
(the market price of the common stock) and for the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded stock compensation expense, management,
of 301,000. 

On June 19,
2017, the Company issued 1,319,149 shares of common stock valued at 16,094 to St. George pursuant to the
 true-up terms and conditions of the St. George note. 

On August 8, 2017,
the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock for compensation for services of the Company s chief operating officer.
The Company valued the shares at 0.0123 per share (the market price of the common stock) and for the year ended December 31,
2017, recorded stock compensation expense, management, of 24,600. 

On August 8, 2017,
the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock for the property known as the 420 Style resort and estate, located
in Canada (see note 11). The Company valued the shares at 0.0123 per share (the market price of the common stock) and has included
 61,500 in stock- based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

During the year
ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued 87,934,231 shares of common stock to St. George pursuant to Notices of Exercise of
Warrant received. The shares were issued based upon the cashless exercise provision of the warrant. 

During the year ended December 31, 2017,
the Company recorded 15,000,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Braune (see Note 10) that have been included in
the Company s transfer agent s records despite Mr. Braune s request to the transfer agent of record at the
time to cancel the shares. The Company had previously removed the shares from its records. 

F- 29 

2016 Issuances 

During the year
ended December 31, 2016, the Company issued the following shares of common stock upon the conversions of portions of the 2014
Company Note and portions of the 2015 Convertible Notes: 

Date 
 Principal
 Conversion 
 Interest
 Conversion 
 Total
 Conversion 
 Conversion
 Price 
 Shares
 Issued 
 Issued
 to 
 
 12/28/16 
 45,000 
 3,511 
 48,511 
 0.015080 
 3,216,925 
 LG 
 
 12/13/16 
 9,500 
 400 
 9,900 
 0.000754 
 13,129,683 
 Cerberus 
 
 9/26/16 
 8,613 
 629 
 9,242 
 0.001218 
 7,587,824 
 LG 
 
 7/29/16 
 7,500 
 801 
 8,301 
 0.000081 
 10,222,352 
 LG 
 
 7/20/16 
 9,500 
 995 
 10,495 
 0.000098 
 10,644,310 
 LG 
 
 7/12/16 
 9,000 
 927 
 9,927 
 0.000986 
 10,068,073 
 LG 
 
 7/1/16 
 8,000 
 805 
 8,805 
 0.001160 
 7,590,362 
 LG 
 
 6/22/16 
 5,000 
 973 
 5,973 
 0.001450 
 4,119,414 
 GW 
 
 6/20/16 
 10,500 
 1,003 
 11,503 
 0.001450 
 7,933,377 
 Cerberus 
 
 6/20/16 
 5,000 
 967 
 5,967 
 0.001450 
 4,114,879 
 GW 
 
 6/20/16 
 6,000 
 589 
 6,589 
 0.001450 
 4,544,241 
 LG 
 
 6/10/16 
 6,075 
 1,134 
 7,209 
 0.001798 
 4,009,701 
 GW 
 
 6/9/16 
 5,000 
 479 
 5,479 
 0.001798 
 3,047,219 
 LG 
 
 6/2/16 
 9,000 
 848 
 9,848 
 0.002378 
 4,141,387 
 Cerberus 
 
 5/23/16 
 5,000 
 460 
 5,460 
 0.002436 
 2,241,490 
 LG 
 
 3/17/16 
 9,000 
 696 
 9,696 
 0.002436 
 3,980,431 
 LG 
 
 3/17/16 
 3,000 
 138 
 3,138 
 0.000638 
 4,918,624 
 Service 
 
 3/8/16 
 7,425 
 928 
 8,353 
 0.00174 
 4,800,354 
 GW 
 
 3/7/16 
 6,500 
 489 
 6,989 
 0.00174 
 4,016,471 
 LG 

174,613 
 16,772 
 191,385 
 
 114,327,117 

In addition to
the above during the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company: 

On
November 7, 2016, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock and completed the stock purchase for the acquisition
of Sterling Classic Compassion, LLC. Sterling ). The Company valued the shares at 0.081 per share (the market
price of the common stock). 

Preferred
Stock 

On June 26, 2015,
the Company filed with the Delaware Secretary of State the Amended and Restated Designation Preferences and Rights (the Certificate
of Designation of Class B Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock ). Pursuant to the Certificate of
Designation, 1,000 shares constitute the Series B Preferred Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock and any accrued and unpaid dividends
thereon shall, with respect to rights on liquidation, winding up and dissolution, rank senior to the Company s issued and
outstanding common stock and Series A preferred stock. 

The Series B P ref e r red S tock has the
right to vote in aggregate, on all shareholder matters equal to 51 of the total vote, no matter how many shares of common stock
or other voting stock of the Company are issued or outstanding in the future. The Series B Preferred Stock has a right to
vote on all matters presented or submitted to the Company s stockholders for approval in pari passu with the common stockholders,
and not as a separate class. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock have the right to cast votes for each share of Series B Preferred
Stock held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of common stockholders, including the election of directors. There is
no right to cumulative voting in the election of directors. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock vote together with all other
classes and series of common stock of the Company as a single class on all actions to be taken by the common stockholders except
to the extent that voting as a separate class or series is required by law. As of December 31, 2017, and 2016, there were 1,000
shares of Class B Preferred Stock outstanding. 

F- 30 

Warrants
and Options 

On April 14,
2015, in connection with the appointment of Dr. Stephen Holt to the advisory board, the Company agreed the advisor shall receive
a non-qualified stock option to purchase 1,000,000 shares Option Shares of the Company s common stock at
an exercise price equal to 0.05 per share and expiring April 14, 2018. Option Shares of 400,000 vested immediately and 50,000
Option Shares vested each month from April 2015 through March 2016. Accordingly, as of March 31, 2016, 1,000,000 Option Shares
have vested and the Company recorded 2,317 as stock compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2016, based on Black-Scholes. 

On April 26, 2013
and in connection with the appointment of Mr. James Canton to the Company s advisory board, the Company issued a warrant
to Mr. Canton to purchase 300,000 shares of common stock. The warrant expired April 26, 2016. 

On October 31,
2016, the Company granted (Warrant #1) to St. George the right to purchase at any time on or after November 10, 2016 (the Issue
Date until the date which is the last calendar day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date occurs
(the Expiration Date ), a number of fully paid and non-assessable shares (the Warrant Shares of Company s
common stock, equal to 57,500 divided by the Market Price (defined below) as of the Issue Date, as such number may be adjusted
from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of Warrant #1 to Purchase Shares of Common Stock. The Market Price is equal
to the lowest intra-day trade price in the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding the applicable date of exercise, multiplied
by sixty percent (60 ). The exercise price is the lower of 0.05 and is subject to price adjustments pursuant to the agreement
and includes a cashless exercise provision. The Company also issued Warrant # s 2-9, with each warrant only effective upon
St. George funding of the secured notes they issued to the Company. Warrant # s 2-9 give St. George the right to purchase
Warrant Shares equal to 27,500 divided by the Market Price on the funded date. On December 14, 2016, the Company received a payment
of 50,000, and accordingly, Warrant #2 became effective. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company received the funding
on the remaining notes and Warrant # s 3-9 became effective. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the company issued
87,934,231 shares of common stock to St. George pursuant to Notices of Exercise of 9,364,108 Warrants received. The shares were
issued based upon the cashless exercise provision of the warrant. 

The following table
summarizes the activity related to warrants of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016: 

Number of Warrants 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price per
 share 
 Weighted-Average Remaining Life (Years) 
 
 Outstanding at January 1, 2016 
 1,300,000 
 0.05 
 3.00 
 
 Warrants issued 
 16,926,130 
 0.00564 

Warrants expired 
 (300,000 
 (0.05 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2016 
 17,926,130 
 0.0811 
 4.88 
 
 Warrant issued 
 40,573,870 
 0.00564 

Warrants exercised 
 (9,364,108 
 0.00564 

Outstanding and exercisable
 at December 31, 2017 
 49,135,892 
 0.00654 
 4.17 

Note 12 Income Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes under standards issued by the FASB. Under those standards, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for future tax benefits or consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. A valuation allowance is provided for significant deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that such
assets will not be realized through future operations. 

F- 31 

No
provision for federal income taxes has been recorded due to the available net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 491,107
will expire in various years through 2032. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized
in these financial statements, as their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly, the Company has recorded
a valuation allowance for the future tax loss carry forwards. 

The
actual income tax provisions differ from the expected amounts calculated by applying the statutory income tax rate to the Company's
loss before income taxes. The components of these differences are as follows at December 31, 2017, and 2016: 

2017 
 2016 
 
 Net tax loss carry-forwards 
 7,878,733 
 5,836,000 
 
 Statutory rate 
 37.6 
 37.6 
 
 Expected tax recovery 
 2,962,404 
 2,194,336 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 (2,962,404 
 (2,194,336 
 
 Income tax provision 

Components of deferred tax asset: 

Non capital tax loss carry forwards 
 2,962,404 
 2,194,336 
 
 Less: valuation allowance 
 (2,962,404 
 (2,194,336 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 

Note 13 
 Commitments and Contingencies 

Office
Space 

In April 2014,
the Company entered into a two-year sublease agreement for the use of up to 7,500 square feet with a Colorado
based oncology clinical trial and drug testing company and facility presently doing cancer research and testing for established
pharmaceutical companies seeking FDA approval for new drugs. Pursuant to the lease, as amended, the Company agreed to pay 3,500
per month for the space. The lease expired in April 2016, and the Company owes the landlord 48,750. 

In
December 2016, the Company signed a one-year lease for office space in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The lease requires monthly base
rent of 800 for the months of December 2016 through February 2017, and 900 per month for the months of March 2017 through November
2017. 

In
January 2017, the Company signed a five (5) year lease, beginning February 1, 2107, for approximately 6,000 square feet of office
space, comprised of two floors, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Pursuant to the lease, the Company will pay 3,000 per month for the
third floor of the building for the first year of the lease. The rent will increase 3 per year on February beginning in 2018
and an additional 3 per year on each successive February 1, during the term of the lease. The landlord has agreed that for the
month of February 2017, the rent will be 1,500. The rent for second floor of the building will be 2,000 per month during the
term of the lease and the Company does not have any rent payments for the first three months of the lease (February 2017 through
April 2017). Through September 30, 2017, the Company calculated the total amount of the rent for the term lease and recorded straight
line rent expense of 45,417 and had made payments of 20,516. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has a balance of 24,916 in
deferred rent which is included in the consolidated balance sheet. The leases for the second and third floor were cancelled in
September 2017 as a result of Hurricane Irma. 

On December 1,
2016, the Company signed a one (1) year lease for a corporate apartment in Puerto Rico for 5,500 per month. This lease expired
in November 30, 2017. 

Rent expense was
 101,279 and 40,303, respectively, and for the years ended December 31 2017, and 2016, respectively. 

F- 32 

Leased
Properties 

On
April 28, 2014, the Company executed and closed a ten-year lease agreement for 20 acres of an agricultural farming facility located
in South Florida following the approval of the so-called Charlotte s Web legislation, aimed at decriminalizing
low grade marijuana specifically for the use of treating epilepsy and cancer patients. Pursuant to the lease agreement,
the Company maintains a first right of refusal to purchase the property for three years. The Company has recorded 38,244 of expense
(included in leased property expenses) for the years ended December 31, 2017, and 2016, respectively. The
Company is currently in default of the lease agreement, as rents have not been for the second year of the lease beginning May
2015. 

On
July 11, 2014, the Company signed a ten-year lease agreement for an additional 40 acres
in Pueblo, Colorado. The lease requires monthly rent payments of 10,000 during the first year and is subject to a 2 annual increase
over the life of the lease. The lease also provides rights to 50 acres of certain tenant water rights for 50,000 annually plus
cost of approximately 2,400 annually. The Company paid the 50,000 in July 2014, and has not used the property and any water
and has not paid for any water rights after September 30, 2015. The Company has recorded -0- of expense for the year ended December
31, 2017, and 76,650 for the year ended December 31, 2016, (included in leased property expenses). The Company is currently in
default of the lease agreement, as rents have not been paid since February 2015. 

Agreements 

On
April 5, 2017, the Company executed a five (5) year operational and exclusive licensing agreement with a third party
who leases a 25,000-sq. ft. approved cultivation facility located in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The Company will be the
exclusive funding source, and supervise all infrastructure buildout, equipment lease/finance, security systems and personnel
and provide access of seasoned Colorado and California cultivation crews to ensure the facility meets all standard
operating procedures as set forth by the Department Of Health of Puerto Rico. Under the agreement, the Company receives
 12,000 a month in consulting fees, licensing fees on all vaporizer and edible sales, equipment and lighting rental and
financing fees along with equity interest in the property. For the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company received 48,000
in consulting fees. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has invested 110,000. 

 On
August 7, 2017, the Company signed a LOI with Green Acres, whereby in consideration of consulting fees, licensing fees on all
vaporizer and edible brands, equipment and lighting rental and financing fees, the Company will provide up to 250,000
of working capital and potentially, up to 3,500,000 for the buyout of Green Acres existing mortgage on their Washington
State facility. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has invested 100,000. Repayment terms are to be from thirty percent of
Green Acres monthly EBITDA. If Green Acres does not have EBITDA in a month there will not be a payment for that month. 

 On October 5,
2017, the Company agreed to lease from the Company s CEO, a 420 Style resort and estate property
approximately one hour outside of Quebec City, Canada. The fifteen-acre estate consists of nine (9) guest suites, horse
stables, and is within walking distance to a public golf course. A separate structure will serve as a small grow facility run
by patient employees and caretakers on the property which may be toured by guests of the facility. On August 8, 2017, the
Company issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock to the seller. The Company valued the shares at 0.0123 per share (the market
price of the common stock) and has included 61,500 in stock compensation expense. The Company purchase from the seller
furniture and fixtures for 96,000. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company will pay 8,000 per month in exchange for the
Company being entitled to all rents and income generated from the property. The Company will be responsible for all costs of
the property, including, but not limited to, renovations, repairs and maintenance, insurance and utilities. As of
December 31, 2017, the Company has not made any monthly payments and also has not received any rental income from the
property, as it is currently renovating the house. 

Legal 
Other 

On March 2, 2015,
the Company, the Company s CEO and the Company s CFO at the time were named in a civil complaint filed by Erick Rodriguez
in the District Court in Clark County, Nevada (the DCCC ). The complaint alleges that Mr. Rodriguez never received
250,000 shares of Series B preferred stock that were initially approved by the Board of Directors in 2012, subject to the completion
of a merger of a company controlled by Mr. Rodriguez. Since the merger was never completed, the shares were never certificated
to Mr. Rodriguez. On March 21, 2017, the DCC agreed to Set Aside the Entry of Default against the Defendants. Mr. Rodriguez resigned
in June 2013. On April 12, 2018, the Arbitrator issued a
final award to Rodriguez in the amount of 399,291. The Company and the Company s counsel believe the Arbitrator denied
a number of detailed objections to the award, which cited clear mistakes as to Nevada law and to the facts. The Company has
retained a Nevada attorney who is an expert in fighting attempts to convert arbitration awards into judgments in Nevada
courts, to work with our arbitration counsel. The Company recorded a loss on legal matter, included in other expenses for the
year ended December 31, 2017. 

F- 33 

On May 6, 2016,
the Company, B. Michael Freidman and Barry Hollander (former CFO) were named as defendants in a Summons/Complaint filed by Justin
Braune (the Plaintiff in Palm Beach County Civil Court, Florida (the PBCCC ). The complaint alleges
that Mr. Braune was entitled to shares of common stock of the Company. On December 5, 2016, the PBCCC set aside a court default
that had been previously issued. The defendants have answered the complaint, including the defenses that Mr. Braune advised the
Company s transfer agent and the Company in his letter of resignation dated November 4, 2015, clearly stating that he has
relinquished all shares of common stock. The Company has filed a counterclaim suit against the Plaintiff, as well as sanctions
against the Plaintiff and their counsel. 

Note 14 
 Going Concern 

The accompanying
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As of December
31, 2017, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 25,578,077 and working capital deficit of 6,672,693, inclusive of a derivative
liability of 5,416,830. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Note 15 
 Segment Reporting 

During
the year ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company operated in one reportable segment, wholesale sales. 

Note 16 
 Subsequent Events 

On January 2, 2018,
the Company issued 2,631,579 shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrant #1 (see note 9). 

On January 5, 2018,
the Company issued 4,870,000 shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrant #1 (see note 9). 

On January 9, 2018,
the company received 50,000 pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and St George. 

On January 9, 2018,
St. George funded 200,000 of the secured promissory notes issued to the Company, and the Company recorded 220,000 as convertible
note payable, including 20,000 OID interest. 

On January 10,
2018, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrant #1 (see note 9). 

On January 12,
2018, the Company paid 236,817 to Cerberus to redeem all of their remaining convertible notes with the Company. 

On January 23,
2018, the Company issued 5,550,000 shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrant #1 (see note 9). 

On January 23,
2018, the company received 100,000 pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and St George. 

On February 2,
2018, the Company issued 8,000,000 shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrant #1 (see note 9). 

On February 2,
2018, the company received 100,000 pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and St George. 

On February 12,
2018, the Company issued 13,297,872 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 75,000 of principal and interest. The shares
were issued at 0.00564 per share. 

On February 27,
2018, the company received 90,000 pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and St George. 

On March 20, 2018,
the company received 75,000 of the secured promissory notes issued to the Company by St George. 

On March 28, 2018,
the Company issued 8,865,248 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 50,000 of principal and interest. The shares were
issued at 0.00564 per share. 

F-34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 agtk0416form10kexh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, B. Michael Friedman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Agritek Holdings, Inc..; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the small business issuer and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(c) Disclosed in this report any change in the small business
issuer's internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the small business issuer's most recent fiscal quarter
(the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business
issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonable likely to adversely affect the small
business issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2018 

/s/
 B. Michael Friedman 

B. Michael Friedman, Principal Executive Officer and Principal
 Financial Officer 
 Agritek Holdings, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 agtk0416form10kexh32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT
32.1 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Agritek Holdings, Inc., for the Year ended December 31, 2017, I,
B. Michael Friedman hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 April 17, 2018 

/s/
 B. Michael Friedman 
 B.
 Michael Friedman 
 Principal Executive Officer
 and Principal Financial Officer 
 Agritek
 Holdings, Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 agtk-20171231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 agtk-20171231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 agtk-20171231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 agtk-20171231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 agtk-20171231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 agtk-20171231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

