<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20180222_10-K_edgar_data_917251_0001144204-18-010250.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21617689</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>458940</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>714809</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11704080</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4654236</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3052272</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-18-010250.hdr.sgml : 20180222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20180222160404
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-18-010250
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AGREE REALTY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000917251
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				383148187
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12928
		FILM NUMBER:		18632510

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		70 E. LONG LAKE ROAD
		CITY:			BLOOMFIELD HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8107374190

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		70 E. LONG LAKE ROAD
		CITY:			BLOOMFIELD HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48034

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-18-010250.txt : 20180222

10-K
 1
 tv485617_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 10-K 

 Annual
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) 

 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 

Commission File Number 1-12928 

AGREE REALTY
CORPORATION 

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Maryland 
 
 38-3148187 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

70 E. Long Lake Road, Bloomfield Hills, Michigan
48304 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: (248) 737-4190 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange 
 On Which Registered 
 
 Common Stock, .0001 par value 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes x No

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 No x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Ye s
 x No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 Yes x No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the
Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No
 x 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s
shares of common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately 1,313,587,447 as of June 30, 2017, based on the closing price
of 45.87 on the New York Stock Exchange on that date. 

At February 20, 2018, there were 30,992,597
shares of common stock, .0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive
proxy statement for the annual stockholder meeting to be held in 2018 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K as noted herein. 

AGREE REALTY CORPORATION 

 Index to Form 10-K 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1: 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A: 
 Risk Factors 
 6 

Item 1B: 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 

Item 2: 
 Properties 
 17 

Item 3: 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 

Item 4: 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 

PART II 

Item 5: 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 

Item 6: 
 Selected Financial Data 
 23 

Item 7: 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 

Item 7A: 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 32 

Item 8: 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 

Item 9: 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 34 

Item 9A: 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 

Item 9B: 
 Other Information 
 34 

PART III 

Item 10: 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 35 

Item 11: 
 Executive Compensation 
 35 

Item 12: 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 

Item 13: 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 35 

Item 14: 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 35 

PART IV 

Item 15: 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 

Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes 
 F-1 

SIGNATURES 
 
 39 

PART I 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

 This report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). Agree Realty Corporation intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor
provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and includes this statement
for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions
and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words anticipate, 
 estimate, should, expect, believe, intend, may, 
 will, seek, could, project, or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements
in this report include information about possible or assumed future events, including, among other things, discussion and analysis
of our future financial condition, results of operations, our strategic plans and objectives, occupancy and leasing rates and trends,
liquidity and ability to refinance our indebtedness as it matures, anticipated expenditures of capital, and other matters. You
should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which
are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect actual results, performances or achievements. Factors
which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations, include, but are not limited to: the global and
national economic conditions and changes in general economic, financial and real estate market conditions; changes in our business
strategy; the potential need to fund improvements or other capital expenditures out of operating cash flow; financing risks, such
as the inability to obtain debt or equity financing on favorable terms or at all; the level and volatility of interest rates; our
ability to re-lease space as leases expire; loss or bankruptcy of one or more of our major tenants; our ability to maintain our
qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT for federal income tax purposes and the limitations imposed
on our business by our status as a REIT; and legislative or regulatory changes, including changes to laws governing REITs. The
factors included in this report, including the documents incorporated by reference, and documents the Company subsequently files
or furnishes with the SEC are not exhaustive and additional factors could cause actual results to differ materially from that described
in the forward-looking statements. For a discussion of additional risk factors, see the factors included under the caption Risk
Factors within this report. All forward-looking statements are based on information that was available, and speak only,
as of the date on which they were made. Except as required by law, the Company disclaims any obligation to review or update these
forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstances as they occur. 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the terms registrant, the Company, 
 Agree Realty, we, our or us refer to Agree Realty Corporation and all of its
consolidated subsidiaries, including its majority owned operating partnership, Agree Limited Partnership (the Operating
Partnership ). Agree Realty has elected to treat certain subsidiaries as taxable real estate investment trust subsidiaries
which are collectively referred to herein as the TRS. 

Item 1: Business 

General 

 The Company is a fully integrated REIT primarily focused on the ownership, acquisition, development and management
of retail properties net leased to industry leading tenants. The Company was founded in 1971 by its current Executive Chairman,
Richard Agree, and its common stock was listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE in 1994. The Company s
assets are held by, and all of its operations are conducted through, directly or indirectly, Operating
Partnership of which the Company is the sole general partner and in which it held a 98.8 interest as of December 31,
2017. Under the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership, we, as the sole general partner, have exclusive responsibility
and discretion in the management and control of the Operating Agreement. 

As of December 31, 2017,
our portfolio consisted of 436 properties located in 43 states and totaling approximately 8.7 million square feet of gross leasable
area GLA ). See Item 2 Properties Geographic Diversification for more information on
market concentrations. Our portfolio included 433 net lease properties, which contributed approximately 98.5 of annualized base
rent, and three community shopping centers, which generated the remaining 1.5 of annualized base rent. 

As of December 31,
2017, our portfolio was approximately 99.7 leased and had a weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 10.2
years. A significant majority of our properties are leased to national tenants and approximately 43.9 of our annualized base
rent was derived from tenants, or parent entities thereof, with an investment grade credit rating from S P Global
Ratings, Moody s Investor Service, Fitch Ratings or the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Substantially all of
our tenants are subject to net lease agreements. A net lease typically requires the tenant to be responsible for minimum
monthly rent and property operating expenses including property taxes, insurance and maintenance. 

1 

As of December 31, 2017, we had 32 full-time
employees, including executive, investment, due diligence, construction, accounting, asset management and administrative personnel. 

Our principal executive offices
are located at 70 E. Long Lake Road, Bloomfield Hills, MI 48304 and our telephone number is (248) 737-4190. We maintain a website
at www.agreerealty.com. Our reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act and can be accessed through this site, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file or furnish such reports. These filings are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Our website also contains
copies of our corporate governance guidelines and code of business conduct and ethics, as well as the charters of our audit, compensation
and nominating and governance committees. The information on our website is not part of this report. 

Recent Developments 

Investments 

 During 2017,
we completed approximately 359.4 million of investments in net leased retail real estate, including acquisition and closing costs.
Total investment volume includes the acquisition of 79 properties for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 338.0 million
and the completed development of four properties for an aggregate cost of approximately 21.4 million. These 83 properties are
net leased to 51 different tenants operating in 22 sectors and are located in 28 states. These assets are 100 leased for a weighted
average lease term of approximately 11.6 years, and the weighted average capitalization rate on our investments was approximately
7.6 . 

Dividends 

 We increased
our quarterly dividend per share from 0.495 in March 2017 to 0.505 in June 2017 and further increased our quarterly dividend
per share to 0.520 in December 2017. 

The fourth
quarter dividend per share of 0.520 represents an annualized dividend of 2.08 per share and an annualized dividend yield of approximately
4.0 based on the last reported sales price of our common stock listed on the NYSE of 51.44 on December 29, 2017. We have paid
a quarterly cash dividend for 95 consecutive quarters and, although we expect to continue our policy of paying quarterly dividends,
we cannot guarantee that we will maintain our current level of dividends, that we will continue our recent pattern of increasing
dividends per share, or what our actual dividend yield will be in any future period. 

Financing 

 In April 2017, the Company entered into a new
 200.0 million at-the-market equity program ATM program through which the Company may, from time to time, sell
shares of common stock. The Company uses the proceeds generated from its ATM program for general corporate purposes, including
funding our investment activity, the repayment or refinancing of outstanding indebtedness, working capital and other general corporate
purposes. 

In May 2017, the Company filed an automatic
shelf registration statement on Form S-3, registering an unspecified amount at an indeterminant aggregate initial offering price
of common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares and warrants. The Company may periodically offer one or more of these securities
in amounts, prices and on terms to be announced when and if these securities are offered. The specifics of any future offerings,
along with the use of proceeds of any securities offered, will be described in detail in a prospectus supplement, or other offering
materials, at the time of any offering. 

2 

In June 2017, the Company completed a follow-on underwritten offering of 2,415,000 shares of common stock.
The offering, which included the full exercise of the overallotment option by the underwriters, raised net proceeds of approximately
 108.0 million, after deducting the underwriting discount. The proceeds from the offering were used to repay borrowings under our
revolving credit facility to fund property acquisitions and for general corporate purposes. 

In August 2017, the Company
entered into a note purchase agreement with institutional purchasers. Pursuant to the note purchase agreement, the Operating Partnership
completed a private placement of 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.19 senior unsecured notes due September 2029.
The senior unsecured notes are guaranteed by the Company. The closing of the private placement was consummated in September 2017,
and, on that date, the Operating Partnership issued the senior unsecured notes. The senior unsecured notes were sold only to institutional
investors and did not involve a public offering in reliance on the exemption from registration in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. 

In December 2017, the Company assumed an
interest only mortgage note for 21.5 million with PNC Bank, National Association in connection with an acquisition. The
mortgage note is due October 2019, secured by a multi-tenant property and has a fixed interest rate of 3.32 . 

During the year ended December 31, 2017, we issued 2,368,359 shares of common stock under our ATM program
at an average price of 49.17, realizing gross proceeds of 116.5 million. We had approximately 83.5 million remaining capacity
under the ATM program as of December 31, 2017. 

Dispositions 

 During 2017, the Company sold real
estate properties for net proceeds of 44.3 million and recorded a net gain of 14.2 million (net of any expected losses on real
estate held for sale). 

Leasing 

 During 2017,
excluding properties that were sold, we executed new leases, extensions or options on more than 683,000 square feet of gross leasable
area throughout our portfolio. The annual rent associated with these new leases, extensions or options is approximately 6.5 million.
Material new leases, extensions or options included a 147,771 square foot Sam s Club in Brooklyn, Ohio, a 33,608 square foot
Big Lots in Cedar Park, Texas and a 32,147 square foot TJ Maxx in Aurora, Colorado. 

Business Strategies 

 Our primary
business objective is to generate consistent shareholder returns by primarily investing in and actively managing a diversified
portfolio of retail properties net leased to industry leading tenants. The following is a discussion of our investment, financing
and asset management strategies: 

Investment Strategy 

 We are primarily focused
on the long-term, fee simple ownership of properties net leased to national or large, regional retailers operating in sectors we
believe to be more e-commerce and recession resistant. Our leases are typically long-term net leases that require the tenant to
pay all property operating expenses, including real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance. We believe that a diversified portfolio
of such properties provides for stable and predictable cash flow. 

We seek to expand and enhance
our portfolio by identifying the best risk-adjusted investment opportunities across our development, Partner Capital Solutions PCS and acquisitions platforms. 

Development:
We have been developing retail properties since the formation of our predecessor company in 1971 and our development platform
seeks to employ our capabilities to direct all aspects of the development process, including site selection, land
acquisition, lease negotiation, due diligence, design and construction. Our developments are typically build-to-suit projects
that result in fee simple ownership of the property upon completion. 

Partner Capital
Solutions: We launched our PCS program, formerly known as Joint Venture Capital Solutions program, in April 2012. Our PCS program
allows us to acquire properties or development opportunities by partnering with private developers or retailers on their in-process
developments. We offer construction expertise, relationships, access to capital and forward commitments to purchase to facilitate
the successful completion of their projects. We typically take fee simple ownership of PCS projects upon their completion. 

3 

Acquisitions:
Our acquisitions platform was launched in April 2010 in order to expand our investment capabilities by pursuing opportunities that
do not fall within our development platform, but that do meet both our real estate and return on investment criteria. 

We believe that development and PCS projects have the potential to generate superior risk-adjusted returns
on investment in properties that are substantially similar to those we acquire. 

Each platform leverages the Company s real estate acumen to pursue investments in net lease retail real
estate. Factors that we consider when evaluating an investment include but are not limited to: 

overall market-specific characteristics,
such as demographics, market rents, competition and retail synergy 

asset-specific characteristics, such as
the age, size, location, zoning, use and environmental history, accessibility, physical condition, signage and visibility of the
property 

tenant-specific characteristics,
 including but not limited to the financial profile, operating history, business plan, size, market positioning, geographic
 footprint, management team, industry and/or sector-specific trends and other characteristics specific to the tenant and
 parent thereof; 

unit-level operating characteristics,
including store sales performance and profitability, if available; 

lease-specific terms, including term of
the lease, rent to be paid by the tenant and other tenancy considerations, and 

transaction considerations, such as purchase
price, seller profile and other non-financial terms. 

Financing Strategy 

 We seek to maintain a capital
structure that provides us with the flexibility to manage our business and pursue our growth strategies, while allowing us to service
our debt requirements and generate appropriate risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. We believe these objectives are best
achieved by a capital structure that consists primarily of common equity and prudent amounts of debt financing. However, we may
raise capital in any form and under terms that we deem acceptable and in the best interest of our shareholders. 

We have previously utilized common stock equity offerings, secured mortgage borrowings, unsecured bank borrowings,
private placements of senior unsecured notes and the sale of properties to meet our capital requirements. We continually evaluate
our financing policies on an on-going basis in light of current economic conditions, access to various capital markets, relative
costs of equity and debt securities, the market value of our properties and other factors. 

As of December 31, 2017,
our ratio of total debt to total market capitalization, assuming the conversion of limited partnership interests in the Operating
Partnership OP Units into shares of common stock, was approximately 24.5 , and our ratio of total debt to total
gross assets (before accumulated depreciation) was approximately 33.0 . 

As of December 31, 2017,
our total debt outstanding before deferred financing costs was 522.4 million, including 89.1 million of secured mortgage debt
that had a weighted average fixed interest rate of 3.7 (including the effects of interest rate swap agreements) and a weighted
average maturity of 3.0 years, 419.3 million of unsecured borrowings that had a weighted average fixed interest rate of 4.0 (including
the effects of interest rate swap agreements) and a weighted average maturity of 8.3 years, and 14.0 million of floating rate
borrowings under our revolving credit facility at a weighted average interest rate of approximately 2.6 . 

Certain financial agreements
to which we are a party contain covenants that limit our ability to incur debt under certain circumstances; however, our organizational
documents do not limit the absolute amount or percentage of indebtedness that we may incur. As such, we may modify our borrowing
policies at any time without shareholder approval. 

Asset Management 

 We maintain a proactive leasing
and capital improvement program that, combined with the quality and locations of our properties, has made our properties attractive
to tenants. We intend to continue to hold our properties for long-term investment and, accordingly, place a strong emphasis on
the quality of construction and an on-going program of regular and preventative maintenance. Our properties are designed and built
to require minimal capital improvements other than renovations or alterations, typically paid for by tenants. At our three community
shopping center properties, we subcontract on-site functions such as maintenance, landscaping, snow removal and sweeping. The cost
of these functions is generally reimbursed by our tenants. Personnel from our corporate headquarters conduct regular inspections
of each property and maintain regular contact with major tenants. 

4 

We have a management information
system designed to provide our management with the operating data necessary to make informed business decisions on a timely basis.
This system provides us rapid access to lease data, tenants sales history, cash flow budgets and forecasts. Such a system
helps us to maximize cash flow from operations and closely monitor corporate expenses. 

Financial and Asset Information about Industry Segments 

We are in
the business of acquiring, developing and managing retail real estate which we consider one reporting segment. See Item
2 Properties and Item 6 Selected Financial Data and Note 2 Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements for additional financial and asset information. 

Competition 

 The U.S. commercial real
estate investment market is a highly competitive industry. We actively compete with many entities engaged in the acquisition, development
and operation of commercial properties. As such, we compete with other investors for a limited supply of properties and financing
for these properties. Investors include traded and non-traded public REITs, private equity firms, institutional investment funds,
insurance companies and private individuals, many of which have greater financial resources than we do and the ability to accept
more risk than we believe we can prudently manage. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully with
such entities in our acquisition, development and leasing activities in the future. 

Significant Tenants 

 As of December 31, 2017,
we leased 25 properties to Walgreens. Total annualized base rents from Walgreens were approximately 7.7 , 11.6 and 17.2 for the
years ended 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of December 31, 2017, the weighted average remaining lease term of our Walgreens
leases was 9.4 years. 

No other tenant accounted
for more than 5.0 of our annualized base rent as of December 31, 2017. See Item 2 Properties for
additional information on our top tenants and the composition of our tenant base. 

Regulation 

Environmental 

 Investments in real property create the potential for environmental liability on the part of the owner or
operator of such real property. If hazardous substances are discovered on or emanating from a property, the owner or operator of
the property may be held strictly liable for all costs and liabilities relating to such hazardous substances. We have obtained
a Phase I environmental study (which involves inspection without soil sampling or ground water analysis) conducted by independent
environmental consultants on each of our properties and, in certain instances, have conducted additional investigation, including
a Phase II environmental assessment. Furthermore, we have adopted a policy of conducting a Phase I environmental study on each
property we acquire and an additional investigation as warranted. 

We have no knowledge of any
hazardous substances existing on our properties in violation of any applicable laws; however, no assurance can be given that such
substances are not located on any of our properties. We carry no insurance coverage for the types of environmental risks described
above. 

We believe that we are in
compliance, in all material respects, with all federal, state and local ordinances and regulations regarding hazardous or toxic
substances. Furthermore, we have not been notified by any governmental authority of any noncompliance, liability or other claim
in connection with any of our properties. 

Americans with Disabilities
Act of 1990 

 Our properties, as commercial
facilities, are required to comply with Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and similar state and local laws
and regulations (collectively, the ADA ). Investigation of a property may reveal non-compliance with the ADA. Our
tenants will typically have primary responsibility for complying with the ADA, but we may incur costs if the tenant does not comply.
As of December 31, 2017, we have not been notified by any governmental authority, nor are we otherwise aware, of any non-compliance
with the ADA that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. 

5 

Available Information 

 We
make available free of charge through our we bsite at www.agreerealty.com all reports
 we electronically file with, or furnish to, the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on From 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably
practicable after those documents are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. These filings are also accessible on the SEC s
website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 1a: Risk Factors 

The following factors and other factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this report or presented elsewhere in future
SEC reports. You should carefully consider each of the risks, assumptions, uncertainties and other factors described below and
elsewhere in this report, as well as any reports, amendments or updates reflected in subsequent filings or furnishings with the
SEC. We believe these risks, assumptions, uncertainties and other factors, individually or in the aggregate, could cause our actual
results to differ materially from expected and historical results and could materially and adversely affect our business operations,
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 

Economic and financial conditions may
have a negative effect on our business and operations. 

 Changes in global or national economic conditions, such as a global economic and financial market downturn
or a disruption in the capital markets, may cause, among
other things, a significant tightening in the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rate of default and
bankruptcy and lower consumer spending and business spending, which could adversely affect our business and operations. Potential
consequences of changes in economic and financial conditions include: 

changes in the performance of our tenants,
which may result in lower rent and lower recoverable expenses that the tenant can afford to pay and tenant defaults under the leases; 

current or potential tenants may delay
or postpone entering into long-term net leases with us; 

the ability to borrow on terms and conditions
that we find acceptable may be limited or unavailable, which could reduce our ability to pursue acquisition and development opportunities
and refinance existing debt, reduce our returns from acquisition and development activities, reduce our ability to make cash distributions
to our shareholders and increase our future interest expense; 

our ability to access the capital markets
may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility
to react to changing economic and business conditions; 

the recognition of impairment charges
on or reduced values of our properties, which may adversely affect our results of operations or limit our ability to dispose of
assets at attractive prices and may reduce the availability of buyer financing; and 

one or more lenders under our revolving
credit facility could fail and we may not be able to replace the financing commitment of any such lenders on favorable terms, or
at all. 

We are also limited in our ability to reduce
costs to offset the results of a prolonged or severe economic downturn given certain fixed costs and commitments associated with
our operations. Such conditions could make it very difficult to forecast operating results, make business decisions and identify
and address material business risks. 

Our business is significantly dependent
on single tenant properties. 

 We focus our development and investment activities on ownership of real properties that are primarily net
leased to a single tenant. Therefore, the financial failure of, or other default in payment by, a single tenant under its lease
and the potential resulting vacancy is likely to cause a significant reduction in our operating cash flows from that property and
a significant reduction in the value of the property and could cause a significant impairment loss. In addition, we
would be responsible for all of the operating costs of a property following a vacancy at a single tenant building. Because our
properties have generally been built to suit a particular tenant s specific needs and desires, we may also incur significant
losses to make the leased premises ready for another tenant and experience difficulty or a significant delay in releasing such
property. 

6 

Failure by any major tenant with leases
in multiple locations to make rental payments to us, because of a deterioration of its financial condition or otherwise, would
have a material adverse effect on us. 

 We derive substantially all of our revenue from tenants who lease space from us at our properties. Therefore,
our ability to generate cash from operations is dependent on the rents that we are able to charge and collect from our tenants.
At any time, our tenants may experience a downturn in their respective businesses that may significantly weaken their financial
condition, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. In addition, our tenants compete with alternative forms or
retailing, including online shopping, home shopping networks and mail order catalogs. As a result, our tenants may delay lease
commencements, decline to extend or renew leases upon expiration, fail to make rental payments when due, close a number of stores
or declare bankruptcy. Any of these actions could result in the loss of rental income attributable to the affected leases. In that
event, we may be unable to re-lease the vacated space at attractive rents or at all. The occurrence of any of the situations described
above would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition. See We may be subject
to tenant credit concentrations that make us more susceptible to adverse events with respect to those tenants below. 

Bankruptcy laws will limit our remedies
if a tenant becomes bankrupt and rejects its leases. 

 If a tenant becomes bankrupt or insolvent,
that could diminish the income we receive from that tenant s leases. We may not be able to evict a tenant solely
because of its bankruptcy. On the other hand, a bankruptcy court might authorize the tenant to terminate its leasehold
with us. If that happens, our claim against the bankrupt tenant for unpaid future rent would be an unsecured pre-petition
claim subject to statutory limitations, and therefore any amounts received in bankruptcy are likely to be substantially less valuable
than the remaining rent we otherwise were owed under the leases. In addition, any claim we have for unpaid past rent
could be substantially less than the amount owed. 

Our portfolio is concentrated in certain
States, which makes us more susceptible to adverse events in these areas. 

 Our properties are located in 43 States throughout the United States and in particular, the States of Michigan
(where 47 properties out of 436 properties are located or 12.1 of our annualized base rent was derived as of December 31, 2017),
Texas (31 properties or 8.5 of our annualized base rent) and Florida (33 properties or 7.4 of our annualized base rent). An
economic downturn or other adverse events or conditions such as natural disasters in any of these areas, or any other area where
we may have significant concentration in the future, could result in a material reduction of our cash flows or material losses
to our company. 

There are risks associated with our development
and acquisition activities. 

 We intend to continue the development of new properties and to consider possible acquisitions of existing
properties. We anticipate that our new developments will be financed under the revolving credit facility or other forms
of financing that will result in a risk that permanent fixed rate financing on newly developed projects might not be available
or would be available only on disadvantageous terms. In addition, new project development is subject to a number of risks, including
risks of construction delays or cost overruns that may increase anticipated project costs. Furthermore, new project commencement
risks also include receipt of zoning, occupancy, other required governmental permits and authorizations and the incurrence of development
costs in connection with projects that are not pursued to completion. If permanent debt or equity financing is not available
on acceptable terms to finance new development or acquisitions undertaken without permanent financing, further development activities
or acquisitions might be curtailed or cash available for distribution might be adversely affected. Acquisitions entail
risks that investments will fail to perform in accordance with expectations, as well as general investment risks associated with
any new real estate investment. 

7 

We own certain of our properties subject
to ground leases that expose us to the loss of such properties upon breach or termination of the ground leases and may limit our
ability to sell these properties. 

 We own a limited number of properties through leasehold interests in the land underlying the buildings and
we may acquire additional buildings in the future that are subject to similar ground leases. As lessee under a ground lease, we
are exposed to the possibility of losing the property upon termination, or an earlier breach by us, of the ground lease, which
may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions
to our shareholders and the trading price of our common stock. Our ground leases contain certain provisions that may limit our
ability to sell certain of our properties. In order to assign or transfer our rights and obligations under certain of our ground
leases, we generally must obtain the consent of the landlord which, in turn, could adversely impact the price realized from any
such sale. 

The capital markets may limit our sources
of funds for financing activities. 

 Our ability to access the capital
markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets. This could have an impact on our
flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. A lack of available credit, lack of confidence in the
financial sector, increased volatility in the financial markets and reduced business activity could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to obtain and manage our liquidity. In
addition, the cost of debt financing and the proceeds may be materially adversely impacted by such market conditions. Also,
our ability to access equity markets as a source of funds may be affected by our stock price as well as general market
conditions. 

Loss of revenues from tenants would reduce
the Company s cash flow. 

 Our tenants encounter significant macroeconomic,
governmental and competitive forces. Adverse changes in consumer spending or consumer preferences for particular goods, services
or store-based retailing could severely impact their ability to pay rent. Shifts from in-store to online shopping could increase
due to changing consumer shopping patterns as well as the increase in consumer adoption and use of mobile electronic devices. This
expansion of e-commerce could have an adverse impact on our tenant s ongoing viability. The default, financial distress,
bankruptcy or liquidation of one or more of our tenants could cause substantial vacancies in our property portfolio. Vacancies
reduce our revenues, increase property expenses and could decrease the value of each vacant property. Upon the expiration of a
lease, the tenant may choose not to renew the lease, and/or we may not be able to release the vacant property at a comparable lease
rate or without incurring additional expenditures in connection with such renewal or re-leasing. 

The availability and timing of cash distributions
is uncertain 

 We expect to continue to pay quarterly distributions
to our shareholders. However, we bear all expenses incurred by our operations, and our funds generated by operations, after deducting
these expenses, may not be sufficient to cover desired levels of distributions to our shareholders. We cannot assure our shareholders
that sufficient funds will be available to pay distributions. 

The decision to declare and pay dividends on
our common stock in the future, as well as the timing, amount, and composition of any such future dividends, will be at the sole
discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, funds from operations, liquidity, financial condition, capital
requirements, contractual prohibitions, or other limitations under our indebtedness, annual dividend requirements or the REIT provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), state law and such other factors as our board of directors
deems relevant. Further, we may issue new shares of common stock as compensation to our employees or in connection with public
offerings or acquisitions. Any future issuances may substantially increase the cash required to pay dividends at current or higher
levels. Our actual dividend payable will be determined by our board of directors based upon the circumstances at the time of declaration. 

Any preferred shares we may offer may have
a fixed dividend rate that would not increase with any increases in the dividend rate of our common stock. Conversely, payment
of dividends on our common stock may be subject to payment in full of the dividends on any preferred shares and payment of interest
on any debt securities we may offer. 

If we do not maintain or increase the dividend
on our common stock, it could have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares. 

8 

We face significant competition . 

 We face competition in seeking properties for
acquisition and tenants who will lease space in these properties from insurance companies, credit companies, pension or private
equity funds, private individuals, investment companies, other REITs and other industry participants, many of which have greater
financial and other resources than we do. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete with
such entities in our development, acquisition and leasing activities in the future. 

We face risks relating to information
technology and cybersecurity attacks, loss of confidential information and other business disruptions. 

 We rely on information technology networks
and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of
our business processes and we rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide infrastructure
and security for processing, transmitting and storing information. Any failure, inadequacy or interruption could materially harm
our business. Furthermore, our business is subject to risks from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, including attempts
to gain unauthorized access to our confidential data and other electronic security breaches. Such cyber-attacks can range from
individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems to more sophisticated security threats. While
we employ a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful
in preventing a cyber-attack. Cybersecurity incidents could cause operational interruption, damage to our business relationships,
private data exposure (including personally identifiable information, or proprietary and confidential information, of ours and
our employees, as well as third parties) and affect the efficiency of our business operations. Any such incidents could result
in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information and
reduce the benefits of our technologies. 

General Real Estate Risk 

Our performance and value are subject
to general economic conditions and risks associated with our real estate assets. 

 There are risks associated with owning and
leasing real estate. Although many of our leases contain terms that obligate the tenants to bear substantially all of
the costs of operating our properties, investing in real estate involves a number of risks. Income from and the value of our properties
may be adversely affected by: 

Changes in general or local economic conditions; 

The attractiveness of our properties to
potential tenants; 

Changes in supply of or demand for similar
or competing properties in an area; 

Bankruptcies, financial difficulties or
lease defaults by our tenants; 

Changes in operating costs and expense
and our ability to control rents; 

Our ability to lease properties at favorable
rental rates; 

Our ability to sell a property when we
desire to do so at a favorable price; 

Unanticipated changes in costs associated
with known adverse environmental conditions or retained liabilities for such conditions; 

Changes in or increased costs of compliance
with governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including changes in tax, real estate, environmental and zoning laws,
and our potential liability thereunder; and 

Unanticipated expenditures to comply with
the Americans with Disabilities Act and other similar regulations. 

Economic and financial market conditions have
and may continue to exacerbate many of the foregoing risks. If a tenant fails to perform on its lease covenants, that would
not excuse us from meeting any mortgage debt obligation secured by the property and could require us to fund reserves in favor
of our mortgage lenders, thereby reducing funds available for payment of cash dividends on our shares of common stock. 

9 

The fact that real estate investments
are relatively illiquid may reduce economic returns to investors . 

 We may desire to sell a property in the future
because of changes in market conditions or poor tenant performance or to avail ourselves of other opportunities. We
may also be required to sell a property in the future to meet secured debt obligations or to avoid a secured debt loan default. Real
estate properties cannot generally be sold quickly, and we cannot assure you that we could always obtain a favorable price. We
may be required to invest in the restoration or modification of a property before we can sell it. This lack of liquidity may limit
our ability to vary our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions and, as a result, could adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on our common stock. 

Our ability to renew leases or re-lease
space on favorable terms as leases expire significantly affects our business. 

 We are subject to the risks that, upon expiration
of leases for space located in our properties, the premises may not be re-let or the terms of re-letting (including the cost of
concessions to tenants) may be less favorable than current lease terms. If a tenant does not renew its lease or if a
tenant defaults on its lease obligations, there is no assurance we could obtain a substitute tenant on acceptable terms. If
we cannot obtain another tenant with comparable structural needs, we may be required to modify the property for a different use,
which may involve a significant capital expenditure and a delay in re-leasing the property. Further, if we are unable to re-let
promptly all or a substantial portion of our retail space or if the rental rates upon such re-letting were significantly lower
than expected rates, our net income and ability to make expected distributions to shareholders would be adversely affected. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to retain tenants in any of our properties upon the expiration of their leases. 

Potential liability for environmental
contamination could result in substantial costs. 

 Under federal, state and local environmental
laws, we may be required to investigate and clean up any release of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at our
properties, regardless of our knowledge or actual responsibility, simply because of our current or past ownership or operation
of the real estate. If unidentified environmental problems arise, we may have to make substantial payments, which could
adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. This potential liability results
from the following: 

As owner, we may have to pay for property
damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred in connection with the contamination; 

The law may impose clean-up responsibility
and liability regardless of whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the contamination; 

Even if more than one person is responsible
for the contamination, each person who shares legal liability under environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up
costs; and 

Governmental entities and third parties
may sue the owner or operator of a contaminated site for damages and costs. 

These costs could be substantial and in extreme
cases could exceed the value of the contaminated property. The presence of hazardous substances or petroleum products
or the failure to properly remediate contamination may adversely affect our ability to borrow against, sell or lease an affected
property. In addition, some environmental laws create liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages
and costs it incurs in connection with a contamination. 

We own and may in the future acquire properties
that will be operated as convenience stores with gas station facilities. The operation of convenience stores with gas station facilities
at our properties will create additional environmental concerns. We require that the tenants who operate these facilities do so
in material compliance with current laws and regulations. 

A majority of our leases require our tenants
to comply with environmental laws and to indemnify us against environmental liability arising from the operation of the properties.
However, we could be subject to strict liability under environmental laws because we own the properties. There are certain
losses, including losses from environmental liabilities, that are not generally insured against or that are not generally fully
insured against because it is not deemed economically feasible or prudent to do so. There is also a risk that tenants may not satisfy
their environmental compliance and indemnification obligations under the leases. Any of these events could substantially
increase our cost of operations, require us to fund environmental indemnities in favor of our secured lenders and reduce our ability
to service our secured debt and pay dividends to shareholders and any debt security interest payments. Environmental
problems at any properties could also put us in default under loans secured by those properties, as well as loans secured by unaffected
properties. 

10 

Uninsured losses relating to real property
may adversely affect our returns. 

 Our leases generally require tenants to carry
comprehensive liability and extended coverage insurance on our properties. However, there are certain losses, including
losses from environmental liabilities, terrorist acts or catastrophic acts of nature, that are not generally insured against or
that are not generally fully insured against because it is not deemed economically feasible or prudent to do so. If
there is an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insurance limits, we could lose both the revenues generated by the affected property
and the capital we have invested in the property. In the event of a substantial unreimbursed loss, we would remain obligated to
repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the property. 

Risks Related to Our Debt Financings 

Our level of indebtedness could materially
and adversely affect our financial position, including reducing funds available for other business purposes and reducing our operational
flexibility, and we may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms. 

 At December 31, 2017, our ratio of total debt to total market capitalization (assuming conversion of OP Units
into shares of common stock) was approximately 24.5 . Incurring substantial debt may adversely affect our business and operating
results by: 

requiring us to use a substantial
 portion of our cash flow to pay interest and principal, which reduces the amount available for distributions, acquisitions
 and capital expenditures; 

making us more vulnerable to economic
and industry downturns and reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions; 

requiring us to agree to less favorable
terms, including higher interest rates, in order to incur additional debt, and otherwise limiting our ability to borrow for operations,
working capital or to finance acquisitions in the future; or 

limiting our flexibility in conducting
our business, including our ability to finance or refinance our assets, contribute assets to joint ventures or sell assets as needed,
which may place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors with less debt or debt with less restrictive terms. 

In addition, the use of leverage presents an
additional element of risk in the event that (1) the cash flow from lease payments on our properties is insufficient to meet debt
obligations, (2) we are unable to refinance our debt obligations as necessary or on as favorable terms, (3) there is an increase
in interest rates, (4) we default on our financial obligations and (5) debt service requirements increase. If a property
is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and we are unable to meet mortgage payments, the property could be foreclosed upon
with a consequential loss of income and asset value to us. Under the cross-default provisions contained
in mortgages encumbering some of our properties, our default under a mortgage with a lender would result in our default under mortgages
held on other properties resulting in multiple foreclosures. 

We generally intend to maintain a ratio of
total indebtedness (including construction or acquisition financing) to total market capitalization of 65 or less. Nevertheless,
we may operate with debt levels which are in excess of 65 of total market capitalization for extended periods of time. Our
organizational documents contain no limitation on the amount or percentage of indebtedness which we may incur. Therefore,
our board of directors, without a vote of the shareholders, could alter the general policy on borrowings at any time. If
our debt capitalization policy were changed, we could become more highly leveraged, resulting in an increase in debt service that
could adversely affect our operating cash flow and our ability to make expected distributions to shareholders, and could result
in an increased risk of default on our obligations. 

Covenants in our credit agreements could
limit our flexibility and adversely affect our financial condition. 

 The terms of the financing agreements and other indebtedness require us to comply with a number of customary
financial and other covenants . These covenants may limit our flexibility in our operations, and breaches of these covenants
could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness even if we have satisfied our payment obligations.
Our financing agreements contain certain cross-default provisions which could be triggered in the event that we default on our
other indebtedness. These cross-default provisions may require us to repay or restructure the revolving credit facility in addition
to any mortgage or other debt that is in default. If our properties were foreclosed upon, or if we are unable to refinance our
indebtedness at maturity or meet our payment obligations, the amount of our distributable cash flows and our financial condition
would be adversely affected. 

11 

Our unsecured revolving credit facility and certain term loan agreements contain various restrictive corporate
covenants, including a maximum total leverage ratio, a maximum secured leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a
maximum recourse secured debt ratio, a minimum net worth requirement and a maximum payout ratio. In addition, our unsecured revolving
credit facility and certain term loan agreements have unencumbered pool covenants, which include a minimum number of eligible unencumbered
assets, a maximum unencumbered leverage ratio and a minimum unencumbered interest coverage ratio. These covenants may restrict
our ability to pursue certain business initiatives or certain transactions that might otherwise be advantageous. Furthermore, failure
to meet certain of these financial covenants could cause an event of default under and/or accelerate some or all of such indebtedness
which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Credit market developments may reduce
availability under our revolving credit facility. 

 There is risk that lenders, even those with strong balance sheets and sound lending practices, could fail
or refuse to honor their legal commitments and obligations under existing revolving credit facility, including but not limited
to: extending credit up to the maximum amount permitted by such credit facility, allowing access to additional credit features
and/or honoring loan commitments. If our lender(s) fail to honor their legal commitments under our revolving credit facility, it
could be difficult to replace our revolving credit facility on similar terms. Any such failure by any of the lenders under the
revolving credit facility may impact our ability to finance our operating or investing activities. 

An increase in market interest rates
could raise our interest costs on existing and future debt or adversely affect our stock price, and a decrease in interest rates
may lead to additional competition for the acquisition of real estate or adversely affect our results of operations. 

 Our interest costs for any new debt and our
current debt obligations may rise if interest rates increase. This increased cost could make the financing of any new acquisition
more expensive as well as lower our current period earnings. Rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing
debt when it matures or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing. In addition, an increase in interest rates could
decrease the access third parties have to credit, thereby decreasing the amount they are willing to pay to lease our assets and
limit our ability to reposition our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. An increase in market
interest rates may lead prospective purchasers of our common stock to expect a higher dividend yield, which could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock. Decreases in interest rates may lead to additional competition for the acquisition of real
estate due to a reduction in desirable alternative income-producing investments. Increased competition for the acquisition of real
estate may lead to a decrease in the yields on real estate targeted for acquisition. In such circumstances, if we are not able
to offset the decrease in yields by obtaining lower interest costs on our borrowings, our results of operations may be adversely
affected. 

Our hedging strategies may not be successful
in mitigating our risks associated with interest rates and could reduce the overall returns on your investment. 

 We use various derivative financial instruments to provide a level of protection against interest rate risks,
but no hedging strategy can protect us completely. These instruments involve risks, such as the risk that the counterparties may
fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure
to interest rate changes, that a court could rule that such agreements are not legally enforceable, and that we may have to post
collateral to enter into hedging transactions, which we may lose it we are unable to honor our obligations. These instruments may
also generate income that may not be treated as qualifying REIT income for purposes of the REIT income tests. In addition, the
nature and timing of hedging transactions may influence the effectiveness of our hedging strategies. Poorly designed strategies
or improperly executed transactions could actually increase our risk and losses. Moreover, hedging strategies involve transaction
and other costs. We cannot assure you that our hedging strategy and the derivatives that we use will adequately offset the risk
of interest rate volatility or that our hedging transactions will not result in losses that may reduce the overall return on your
investment. 

12 

Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 

Our charter, bylaws and Maryland law
contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction. 

 Our charter contains 9.8 ownership limits.
 Our charter, subject to certain exceptions, authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to
preserve our qualification as a REIT and contains provisions that limit any person to actual or constructive ownership of no more
than 9.8 (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of our common stock and no
more than 9.8 (in value) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of all classes and series of our stock. Our board of directors,
in its sole discretion, may exempt, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, any person from the ownership limits. These
restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best
interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. The ownership limits may delay or impede, and we may use
the ownership limits deliberately to delay or impede, a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for
our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our shareholders. 

We have a staggered board. Our directors
are divided into three classes serving three-year staggered terms. The staggering of our board of directors may discourage offers
for the Company or make an acquisition more difficult, even when an acquisition may be viewed to be in the best interest of our
shareholders. 

We have a shareholder rights plan. Under
the terms of this plan, we can in effect prevent a person or group from acquiring more than 15 of the outstanding shares of our
common stock because, unless we approve the acquisition, after the person acquires more than 15 of our outstanding common stock,
all other shareholders will have the right to purchase securities from us at a price that is less than their then fair market value.
This would substantially reduce the value and influence of the stock owned by the acquiring person. Our board of directors can
prevent the plan from operating by approving the transaction in advance, which gives us significant power to approve or disapprove
of the efforts of a person or group to acquire a large interest in our company. On December 20, 2017, the Company entered into
a third amendment to the plan to provide a limited exemption, which permitted an investor to become the beneficial owner of less
than 20 of the common stock of the Company then outstanding rather than the 15 threshold otherwise applicable without becoming
an Acquiring Person (as defined in the plan). 

We could issue stock without stockholder
approval. Our board of directors could, without stockholder approval, issue authorized but unissued shares of our common stock
or preferred stock. In addition, our board of directors could, without stockholder approval, classify or reclassify any unissued
shares of our common stock or preferred stock and set the preferences, rights and other terms of such classified or reclassified
shares. Our board of directors could establish a series of stock that could, depending on the terms of such series, delay, defer
or prevent a transaction or change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be viewed to
be in the best interest of our shareholders. 

Provisions of Maryland law may limit the
ability of a third party to acquire control of our company. Certain provisions of Maryland law may have the effect of inhibiting
a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change of control under certain circumstances that otherwise
could provide the holders of shares of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then prevailing market
price of such shares, including: 

Business combination provisions
that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder (defined
generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate thereof) for five years
after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder and thereafter would require the recommendation
of our board of directors and impose special appraisal rights and special stockholder voting requirements on these combinations;
and 

Control share 
provisions that provide that control shares of our company (defined as shares which, when aggregated with other shares
controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors)
acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of
 control shares have no voting rights except to the extent approved by our shareholders by the affirmative vote of
at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 

The business combination statute permits various
exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are approved or exempted by the board of directors before
the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our board of directors has exempted from
the business combination provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or MGCL, any business combination with Mr. Richard
Agree or any other person acting in concert or as a group with Mr. Richard Agree. 

13 

In addition, our bylaws contain a provision
exempting from the control share acquisition statute Richard Agree, Edward Rosenberg, any spouses or the foregoing, any brothers
or sisters of the foregoing, any ancestors of the foregoing, any other lineal descendants of any of the foregoing, any estates
of any of the foregoing, any trusts established for the benefit of any of the foregoing and any other entity controlled by any
of the foregoing, our other officers, our employees, any of the associates or affiliates of the foregoing and any other person
acting in concert of as a group with any of the foregoing. 

Additionally, Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL,
permits our board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or our
bylaws, to implement certain takeover defenses. These provisions may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making an
acquisition proposal for our company or of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company under circumstances
that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market
price. 

Our charter, our bylaws, the limited partnership
agreement of the Operating Partnership and Maryland law also contain other provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a transaction
or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be viewed to be in the best interest
of our shareholders. 

Future offerings of debt and equity may
not be available to us or may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

 We expect to continue to increase our capital
resources by making additional offerings of equity and debt securities in the future, which could include classes or series of
preferred stock, common stock and senior or subordinated notes. Our ability to raise additional capital may be restricted at a
time when we would like or need, including as a result of market conditions. Future market dislocations could cause us to seek
sources of potentially less attractive capital and impact our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions.
All debt securities and other borrowings, as well as all classes or series of preferred stock, will be senior to our common stock
in a liquidation of our company. Additional equity offerings could dilute our shareholders equity and reduce the market
price of shares of our common stock. In addition, depending on the terms and pricing of an additional offering of our common stock
and the value of our properties, our shareholders may experience dilution in both the book value and fair value of their shares.
The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the
market after an offering or the perception that such sales could occur, and this could materially and adversely affect our ability
to raise capital through future offerings of equity or equity-related securities . In addition,
we may issue preferred stock or other securities convertible into equity securities with a distribution preference or a liquidation
preference that may limit our ability to make distributions on our common stock. Our ability to estimate the amount, timing or
nature of additional offerings is limited as these factors will depend upon market conditions and other factors. 

The market price of our stock may vary
substantially. 

 The market price of our common stock could
be volatile, and investors in our common stock may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases unrelated
to our operating performance or prospects. Among the market conditions that may affect the market price of our common stock are
the following: 

Changes in interest rates; 

Our financial condition and operating performance and the performance of other similar companies; 

Actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly results of operations; 

The extent of investor interest in our company, real estate generally or commercial real estate
specifically; 

The reputation of REITs generally and the attractiveness of their equity securities in comparison
to other equity securities, including securities issued by other real estate companies, and fixed income securities; 

Changes in expectations of future financial performance or changes in estimates of securities analysts; 

Fluctuations in stock market prices and volumes; and 

Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances. 

An officer and director may have interests
that conflict with the interests of shareholders. 

 An officer and member of our board of directors
owns OP units in the Operating Partnership. This individual may have personal interests that conflict with the interests of our
shareholders with respect to business decisions affecting us and the Operating Partnership, such as interests in the timing and
pricing of property sales or refinancings in order to obtain favorable tax treatment. 

14 

Federal Income Tax Risks 

Complying with REIT requirements may
cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 

 To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax
purposes we must continually satisfy numerous income, asset and other tests, thus having to forego investments we might otherwise
make and hindering our investment performance. 

Failure to qualify as a REIT could adversely
affect our operations and our ability to make distributions. 

 We will be subject to increased taxation if
we fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Although we believe that we are organized and operate
in such a manner so as to qualify as a REIT under the Code, no assurance can be given that we will remain so qualified. Qualification
as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial or
administrative interpretations. The complexity of these provisions and applicable treasury regulations is also increased
in the context of a REIT that holds its assets in partnership form. The determination of various factual matters and
circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. Additionally, our charter
provides our board of directors with the power, under certain circumstances, to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election
and cause us to be taxed as a regular corporation, without the approval of our stockholders. A REIT generally is not taxed at the
corporate level on income it distributes to its shareholders, as long as it distributes annually at least 90 of its taxable income
to its shareholders. We have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service that
we qualify as a REIT. 

If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will face
tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available for payment of cash dividends: 

We would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to shareholders in computing our taxable
income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates. 

We could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local
taxes. 

Unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be treated as
a REIT for four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify. 

In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT,
we will no longer be required to pay dividends (other than any mandatory dividends on any preferred shares we may offer). As
a result of these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT could adversely affect the market price for our common stock. 

U.S. federal tax reform legislation could
affect REITs generally, the geographic markets in which we operate, our stock and our results of operations, both positively and
negatively in ways that are difficult to anticipate. 

 Changes to the federal income tax laws are
proposed regularly. Additionally, the REIT rules are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and
by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Department of the Treasury, which may result in revisions to regulations and interpretations
in addition to statutory changes. If enacted, certain such changes could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results.
In particular, H.R. 1, which generally takes effect for taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2018 (subject to certain
exceptions), makes many significant changes to the federal income tax laws that will profoundly impact the taxation of individuals,
corporations (both regular C corporations as well as corporations that have elected to be taxed as REITs), and the taxation of
taxpayers with overseas assets and operations. A number of changes that affect non-corporate taxpayers will expire at the end of
2025 unless Congress acts to extend them. These changes will impact us and our shareholders in various ways, some of which are
adverse or potentially adverse compared to prior law. To date, the IRS has issued only limited guidance with respect to certain
of the new provisions, and there are numerous interpretive issues that will require guidance. It is highly likely that technical
corrections legislation will be needed to clarify certain aspects of the new law and give proper effect to Congressional intent.
There can be no assurance, however, that technical clarifications or changes needed to prevent unintended or unforeseen tax consequences
will be enacted by Congress in the near future. In addition, while certain elements of tax reform legislation would not impact
us directly as a REIT, they could impact the geographic markets in which we operate, the tenants that populate our shopping centers
and the customers who frequent our properties in ways, both positive and negative, that are difficult to anticipate. Other legislative
proposals could be enacted in the future that could affect REITs and their shareholders. Prospective investors are urged to consult
their tax advisors regarding the effect of H.R. 1 and any other potential tax law changes on an investment in our common stock. 

15 

Changes in tax laws may prevent us from
maintaining our qualification as a REIT. 

 As we have previously described, we intend
to maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. However, this intended qualification is based on the tax
laws that are currently in effect. We are unable to predict any future changes in the tax laws that would adversely affect our
status as a REIT. If there is a change in the tax law that prevents us from qualifying as a REIT or that requires REITs generally
to pay corporate level income taxes, we may not be able to make the same level of distributions to our shareholders. 

Complying with REIT requirements may
force us to liquidate or restructure otherwise attractive investments. In order to qualify as a REIT, at least 75 of the
value of our assets must consist of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified real estate assets. The remainder of
our investments in securities (other than government securities, securities of TRSs and qualified real estate assets) cannot include
more than 10 of the voting securities or 10 of the value of all securities, of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more
than 5 of the total value of our assets (other than government securities, securities of TRSs and qualified real estate assets)
can consist of securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20 of the total value of our assets can be represented by one or
more TRSs. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within
30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification
and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 

We may have to borrow funds or sell assets
to meet our distribution requirements. 

 Subject to some adjustments that are unique
to REITs, a REIT generally must distribute 90 of its taxable income. For the purpose of determining taxable income, we may be
required to accrue interest, rent and other items treated as earned for tax purposes but that we have not yet received. In addition,
we may be required not to accrue as expenses for tax purposes some that which actually have been paid, including, for example,
payments of principal on our debt, or some of our deductions might be disallowed by the Internal Revenue Service. As a result,
we could have taxable income in excess of cash available for distribution. If this occurs, we may have to borrow funds or liquidate
some of our assets in order to meet the distribution requirement applicable to a REIT. 

Our ownership of and relationship with
our TRSs will be limited, and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT status and may result in the application
of a 100 excise tax. 

 A REIT may own up to 100 of the stock of one
or more TRSs. A TRS may earn income that would not be qualifying income if earned directly by the parent REIT. Overall, no more
than 20 of the value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. A TRS will typically pay
federal, state and local income tax at regular corporate rates on any income that it earns. In addition, the TRS rules impose a
100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis.
Our TRSs will pay federal, state and local income tax on their taxable income, and their after-tax net income will be available
for distribution to us but will not be required to be distributed to us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply
with the 20 limitation discussed above or to avoid application of the 100 excise tax discussed above. 

Liquidation of our assets may jeopardize
our REIT qualification. 

 To qualify as a REIT, we must comply with requirements
regarding our assets and our sources of income. If we are compelled to liquidate our investments to repay obligations to our lenders,
we may be unable to comply with these requirements, ultimately jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT, or we may be subject to
a 100 tax on any gain if we sell assets in transactions that are considered to be prohibited transactions, which
are explained in the risk factor below. 

We may be subject to other tax liabilities
even if we qualify as a REIT. 

 Even if we remain qualified as a REIT for federal
income tax purposes, we will be required to pay certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. For example,
we will be subject to income tax to the extent we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income (including capital gains).
Additionally, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which dividends paid by us in any calendar
year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income
from prior years. Moreover, if we have net income from prohibited transactions, that income will be subject to a
100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property held primarily for sale to customers
in the ordinary course of business. The determination as to whether a particular sale is a prohibited transaction depends on the
facts and circumstances related to that sale. While we will undertake sales of assets if those assets become inconsistent with
our long-term strategic or return objectives, we do not believe that those sales should be considered prohibited transactions,
but there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service would not contend otherwise. The need to avoid prohibited transactions
could cause us to forego or defer sales of properties that might otherwise be in our best interest to sell. 

16 

In addition, any net taxable income earned
directly by our TRSs, or through entities that are disregarded for federal income tax purposes as entities separate from our TRSs,
will be subject to federal and possibly state corporate income tax. To the extent that we and our affiliates are required to pay
federal, state and local taxes, we will have less cash available for distributions to our shareholders. 

Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify
for the reduced tax rates on dividend income from regular corporations. 

 The maximum federal income tax rate applicable
to qualified dividend income payable by non-REIT corporations to certain non-corporate U.S. stockholders is generally
20 and a 3.8 Medicare tax may also apply. Dividends paid by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rates
applicable to qualified dividend income. Commencing with taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2018 and continuing through
2025, H.R. 1 temporarily reduces the effective tax rate on ordinary REIT dividends (i.e., dividends other than capital gain dividends
and dividends attributable to certain qualified dividend income received by us) for U.S. holders of our common stock that are individuals,
estates or trusts by permitting such holders to claim a deduction in determining their taxable income equal to 20 of any such
dividends they receive. Taking into account H.R. 1 s reduction in the maximum individual federal income tax rate from 39.6 
to 37 , this results in a maximum effective rate of regular income tax on ordinary REIT dividends of 29.6 through 2025 (as compared
to the 20 maximum federal income tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income received from a non-REIT corporation). The more
favorable rates applicable to regular corporate distributions could cause investors who are individuals to perceive investments
in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay distributions. This
could materially and adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our common stock. 

Complying with REIT requirements may
limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. 

 The REIT provisions of the Code substantially
limit our ability to hedge our liabilities. Any income from a hedging transaction we enter into to manage risk of interest rate
changes, price changes or currency fluctuations with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets
does not constitute qualifying income for purposes of income tests that apply to us as a REIT. To the extent that we enter into
other types of hedging transactions, the income from those transactions is likely to be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes
of the income tests. As a result of these rules, we may need to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those
hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our TRS would be subject to tax on gains or
expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses
in our TRSs will generally not provide any tax benefit, except for being carried forward against future taxable income in the TRSs. 

Item 1B: Unresolved Staff Comments 

There are no unresolved staff
comments. 

Item 2: Properties 

As of December 31, 2017,
our portfolio consisted of 436 properties located in 43 states and totaling approximately 8.7 million square feet of gross leasable
area. Our portfolio included 433 net lease properties, which contributed approximately 98.5 of annualized base rent, and three
community shopping centers, which generated the remaining 1.5 of annualized base rent. 

As of December 31, 2017,
our portfolio was approximately 99.7 leased and had a weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 10.2 years. A significant
majority of our properties are leased to national tenants and approximately 43.9 of our annualized base rent was derived from
tenants, or parents thereof, with an investment grade credit rating. Substantially all of our tenants are subject to net lease
agreements. A net lease typically requires the tenant to be responsible for minimum monthly rent and property operating expenses
including property taxes, insurance and maintenance. In addition, our tenants are typically subject to future rent increases based
on fixed amounts or increases in the consumer price index and many leases provide for additional rent calculated as a percentage
of the tenants gross sales above a specified level. 

17 

Property Type Summary 

 The following table presents
certain information about our properties as of December 31, 2017: 

Remaining 

Number of 
 Annualized 
 of Ann. 
 Investment Grade 
 Wtd. Avg. Lease 
 
 Property Type 
 Properties 
 Base Rent (1) 
 Base Rent 
 Rated (2) 
 Term 
 
 Retail Net Lease 
 392 
 108,066 
 90.6 
 40.6 
 10.2 yrs 
 
 Retail Net Lease (ground leases) 
 41 
 9,403 
 7.9 
 84.8 
 11.9 yrs 
 
 Total Retail Net Lease 
 433 
 117,469 
 98.5 
 44.2 
 10.3 yrs 
 
 Community Shopping Centers 
 3 
 1,740 
 1.5 
 28.3 
 4.9 yrs 
 
 Total Portfolio 
 436 
 119,209 
 100.0 
 43.9 
 10.2 yrs 

Annualized base rent is in thousands. 

(1) Represents annualized straight-line rent as of December 31, 2017. 

(2) Reflects tenants, or parent entities thereof, with investment grade credit ratings from Standard 
Poors, Moody's, Fitch and/or NAIC. 

Tenant Diversification 

 The following table presents
annualized base rents for all tenants that generated 1.5 or greater of our total annualized base rent as of December 31, 2017: 

in thousands) 

Annualized 
 of Ann. 
 
 Tenant / Concept 
 Base Rent (1) 
 Base Rent 
 
 Walgreens 
 9,215 
 7.7 
 
 Walmart 
 4,224 
 3.5 
 
 LA Fitness 
 4,224 
 3.5 
 
 Lowe's 
 4,215 
 3.5 
 
 TJX Companies 
 3,652 
 3.1 
 
 CVS 
 3,004 
 2.5 
 
 Wawa 
 2,664 
 2.2 
 
 Mister Car Wash 
 2,580 
 2.2 
 
 Smart Final 
 2,475 
 2.1 
 
 Dollar General 
 2,415 
 2.0 
 
 PetSmart 
 2,234 
 1.9 
 
 Tractor Supply 
 2,179 
 1.8 
 
 Hobby Lobby 
 2,176 
 1.8 
 
 Michaels 
 2,072 
 1.7 
 
 Dave Buster's 
 2,058 
 1.7 
 
 Academy Sports 
 1,982 
 1.7 
 
 Dollar Tree 
 1,939 
 1.6 
 
 AutoZone 
 1,909 
 1.6 
 
 Rite Aid 
 1,886 
 1.6 
 
 Other(2) 
 62,106 
 52.3 
 
 Total 
 119,209 
 100.0 

(1) Represents annualized straight-line rent as
of December 31, 2017. 

 (2) Includes tenants generating less than 1.5 
of annualized base rent. 

Significant Tenants 

 Walgreens Co. Walgreens operates the second largest drugstore chain in the United States and trades, through its holding
company Walgreens Boot Alliance, Inc. WBA ), on the Nasdaq stock exchange under the symbol WBA. For its fiscal year
ended August 31, 2017, WBA reported total assets of approximately 66.0 billion, annual net sales of 118.2 billion,
annual net income of 4.1 billion and shareholders equity of 28.3 billion. As of August 31, 2017, WBA operated
8,100 locations in 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. 

18 

On June 28, 2017, WBA
entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with Rite Aid Corporation Rite
Aid ), pursuant to which WBA agreed, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, to acquire 2,186 stores, three
distribution centers and related inventory from Rite Aid. On September 19, 2017, WBA announced it had secured
regulatory clearance for an amended and restated asset purchase agreement (the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase
Agreement to purchase 1,932 stores, three distribution centers and related inventory from Rite Aid for 4.4
billion in cash and other consideration. Ownership of stores is expected to be transferred in phases, with the goal being to
complete the store transfers in spring 2018. These transfers remain subject to closing conditions as set forth in the Amended
and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement. 

The information set
forth above was derived from the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Walgreens with respect to their 2017 fiscal year.
Additional information regarding Walgreens and WBA can be found in WBA s public filings. These filings can be accessed
at www.sec.gov . We are unable to confirm, and make no representations with respect to the accuracy of these reports
and therefore you should not place undue reliance on such information as it pertains to our operations. 

Tenant Sector Diversification 

 The following table presents
annualized base rents for all sectors that generated 2.5 or greater of our total annualized base rents as of December 31, 2017: 

in thousands) 

Annualized 
 of Ann. 
 
 Tenant Sector 
 Base Rent (1) 
 Base Rent 
 
 Pharmacy 
 14,694 
 12.3 
 
 Grocery Stores 
 9,136 
 7.7 
 
 Health Fitness 
 6,938 
 5.8 
 
 Tire Auto Service 
 6,534 
 5.5 
 
 Off-Price Retail 
 6,405 
 5.4 
 
 Restaurants - Quick Service 
 6,120 
 5.1 
 
 Home Improvement 
 5,551 
 4.7 
 
 Convenience Stores 
 5,298 
 4.4 
 
 General Merchandise 
 4,643 
 3.9 
 
 Crafts and Novelties 
 4,539 
 3.8 
 
 Auto Parts 
 4,370 
 3.7 
 
 Specialty Retail 
 4,261 
 3.6 
 
 Warehouse Clubs 
 3,749 
 3.1 
 
 Farm and Rural Supply 
 3,361 
 2.8 
 
 Sporting Goods 
 3,171 
 2.7 
 
 Dollar Stores 
 3,145 
 2.6 
 
 Home Furnishings 
 3,120 
 2.6 
 
 Health Services 
 3,066 
 2.6 
 
 Other(2) 
 21,108 
 17.7 
 
 Total 
 119,209 
 100.0 

(1) Represents annualized straight-line rent as
of December 31, 2017. 

 (2) Includes sectors generating less than 2.5 
of annualized base rent. 

19 

Geographic Diversification 

The following table presents
annualized base rents, by state, for our portfolio as of December 31, 2017: 

in thousands) 

Annualized 
 of Ann. 
 
 Tenant Sector 
 Base Rent (1) 
 Base Rent 
 
 Michigan 
 14,394 
 12.1 
 
 Texas 
 10,112 
 8.5 
 
 Florida 
 8,839 
 7.4 
 
 Illinois 
 8,190 
 6.9 
 
 Ohio 
 6,816 
 5.7 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 4,646 
 3.9 
 
 New Jersey 
 4,352 
 3.7 
 
 Louisiana 
 3,853 
 3.2 
 
 California 
 3,697 
 3.1 
 
 Kentucky 
 3,640 
 3.1 
 
 Missouri 
 3,387 
 2.8 
 
 Mississippi 
 3,283 
 2.8 
 
 Wisconsin 
 3,258 
 2.7 
 
 Georgia 
 3,204 
 2.7 
 
 Kansas 
 2,979 
 2.5 
 
 North Carolina 
 2,591 
 2.2 
 
 Colorado 
 2,571 
 2.2 
 
 Indiana 
 2,366 
 2.0 
 
 Tennessee 
 2,149 
 1.8 
 
 Alabama 
 2,087 
 1.7 
 
 South Carolina 
 2,031 
 1.7 
 
 Virginia 
 1,990 
 1.7 
 
 Minnesota 
 1,794 
 1.5 
 
 Utah 
 1,709 
 1.4 
 
 Oregon 
 1,569 
 1.3 
 
 New York 
 1,551 
 1.3 
 
 North Dakota 
 1,455 
 1.2 
 
 Oklahoma 
 1,320 
 1.1 
 
 Arizona 
 1,276 
 1.1 
 
 New Mexico 
 1,098 
 0.9 
 
 Iowa 
 1,045 
 0.9 
 
 Delaware 
 1,010 
 0.8 
 
 Arkansas 
 991 
 0.8 
 
 Maine 
 792 
 0.7 
 
 Connecticut 
 585 
 0.5 
 
 West Virginia 
 529 
 0.4 
 
 Nevada 
 487 
 0.4 
 
 Washington 
 413 
 0.3 
 
 Maryland 
 388 
 0.3 
 
 South Dakota 
 326 
 0.3 
 
 Montana 
 249 
 0.2 
 
 New Hampshire 
 107 
 0.1 
 
 Nebraska 
 80 
 0.1 
 
 Total 
 119,209 
 100 

(1) Represents annualized straight-line rent
as of December 31, 2017. 

20 

Lease Expirations 

 The following table presents
contractual lease expirations within the Company s portfolio as of December 31, 2017, assuming that no tenants exercise renewal
options: 

and GLA in thousands) 

Annualized Base Rent (1) 
 Gross Leasable Area 

Number of 
 
 of 
 
 of 
 
 Year 
 Leases 
 Dollars 
 Total 
 Square Feet 
 Total 
 
 2018 
 9 
 1,130 
 0.9 
 255 
 2.9 
 
 2019 
 12 
 2,681 
 2.2 
 138 
 1.6 
 
 2020 
 18 
 3,206 
 2.7 
 237 
 2.7 
 
 2021 
 29 
 5,905 
 5.0 
 375 
 4.3 
 
 2022 
 24 
 4,284 
 3.6 
 394 
 4.6 
 
 2023 
 39 
 6,804 
 5.7 
 659 
 7.6 
 
 2024 
 38 
 11,037 
 9.3 
 1,069 
 12.3 
 
 2025 
 38 
 8,915 
 7.5 
 626 
 7.2 
 
 2026 
 47 
 7,155 
 6.0 
 682 
 7.9 
 
 2027 
 38 
 9,716 
 8.2 
 814 
 9.4 
 
 Thereafter 
 206 
 58,376 
 48.9 
 3,414 
 39.5 
 
 Total 
 498 
 119,209 
 100.0 
 8,663 
 100.0 

(1) Represents annualized straight-line
rent as of December 31, 2017. 

Community
Shopping Centers 

 Our three community shopping
centers range in size from 20,000 to 241,458 square feet of GLA. 

The location and primary
occupancy information with respect to the community shopping centers as of December 31, 2017 are set forth below: 

and GLA in thousands) 

Year 
 Gross 
 
 Annualized 
 Percent 
 Anchor Tenants 

Completed / 
 Leasable 
 Annualized 
 Base Rent 
 Leased at 
 (Lease Expiration / 
 
 Property 
 Location 
 Renovated 
 Area
 (Sq. Ft.) 
 Base
 Rent (1) 
 per
 Sq. Ft (2) 
 December
 31, 2017 
 Option
 Expiration) (3) 
 
 Capital Plaza 
 Frankfort, KY 
 1978 / 2006 
 116 
 634 
 5.46 
 100 
 Kmart (2018 / 2053) 

Walgreens (2032 / 2052) 

Central Michigan Commons 
 Mt. Pleasant, MI 
 1973 / 1997 
 241 
 1,015 
 4.63 
 91 
 Kmart (2018 / 2048) 

JC Penney (2020 / 2035) 

Staples (2020 / 2030) 

West Frankfort Plaza 
 West Frankfort, IL 
 1982 / N/A 
 20 
 91 
 6.53 
 70 

Totals 

377 
 1,740 
 4.62 
 93 

(1) Represents annualized straight-line rent
as of December 31, 2017. 

 (2) Calculated as total annualized base rent
divided by leased GLA. 

 (3) Only the tenant has the option to extend
a lease beyond the initial term. 

Item 3: Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we are
involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. We are not presently involved in any litigation nor, to our knowledge,
is any other litigation threatened against us, other than routine litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, which
is expected to be covered by our liability insurance and all of which collectively is not expected to have a material adverse effect
on our liquidity, results of operations or business or financial condition. 

Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

21 

PART II 

Item 5: Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
of Equity Securities 

Our common stock is traded
on the NYSE under the symbol ADC. The following table sets forth the high and low closing prices of our common stock,
as reported on the NYSE, and the dividends declared per share of common stock by us for each calendar quarter in the last two fiscal
years. Dividends were paid in the periods immediately subsequent to the periods in which such dividends were declared. 

Dividends per 
 
 Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 share declared 
 
 March 31, 2017 
 50.74 
 45.23 
 0.495 
 
 June 30, 2017 
 51.10 
 44.83 
 0.505 
 
 September 30, 2017 
 51.02 
 45.62 
 0.505 
 
 December 31, 2017 
 52.69 
 47.12 
 0.520 

March 31, 2016 
 39.01 
 32.49 
 0.465 
 
 June 30, 2016 
 48.24 
 38.26 
 0.480 
 
 September 30, 2016 
 50.80 
 46.02 
 0.480 
 
 December 31, 2016 
 49.25 
 42.44 
 0.495 

As of February 20, 2018,
the reported closing sale price per share of our common stock on the NYSE was 45.83. 

At February 20, 2018, there
were 30,992,597 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding which were held by approximately 132 shareholders of record.
The number of shareholders of record does not reflect persons or entities that held their shares in nominee or street 
name. In addition, at February 20, 2018 there were 347,619 outstanding OP Units held by a limited partner other than our Company.
The OP Units are exchangeable into shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

For 2017, we declared 2.025 per share of common stock in dividends. Of the 2.025, 85.1 represented ordinary
income, and 14.9 represented return of capital, for tax purposes. For 2016, we declared 1.92 per share of common stock in dividends.
Of the 1.92, 81.0 represented ordinary income, and 19.0 represented return of capital, for tax purposes. 

We intend to continue to
declare quarterly dividends. However, our distributions are determined by our board of directors and will depend
upon cash generated by operating activities, our financial condition, capital requirements, annual distribution requirements under
the REIT provisions of the Code and such other factors as the board of directors deems relevant. We have historically paid cash
dividends, although we may choose to pay a portion in stock dividends in the future. To qualify as a REIT, we must distribute at
least 90 of our REIT taxable income prior to net capital gains to our shareholders, as well as meet certain other requirements.
We must pay these distributions in the taxable year the income is recognized; or in the following taxable year if they are declared
during the last three months of the taxable year, payable to shareholders of record on a specified date during such period and
paid during January of the following year. Such distributions are treated for REIT tax purposes as paid by us and received by our
shareholders on December 31 of the year in which they are declared. In addition, at our election, a distribution for a taxable
year may be declared in the following taxable year if it is declared before we timely file our tax return for such year and if
paid on or before the first regular dividend payment after such declaration. These distributions qualify as dividends paid for
the 90 REIT distribution test for the previous year and are taxable to holders of our capital stock in the year in which paid. 

For information about our
equity compensation plan, please see Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

22 

Item 6 : Selected Financial Data 

The following table sets
forth our selected financial information on a historical basis and should be read in conjunction with Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes
thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current
presentation of discontinued operations. The balance sheet for the periods ending December 31, 2013 through 2017 and operating
data for each of the periods presented were derived from our audited financial statements. 

(in thousands, except per share information and number of properties) 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 
 Operating Data 

Total revenues 
 116,902 
 91,527 
 69,966 
 53,559 
 43,518 
 
 Expenses 

Property costs (1) 
 12,467 
 8,596 
 6,379 
 4,916 
 3,656 
 
 General and administrative 
 9,949 
 8,015 
 6,988 
 6,629 
 5,952 
 
 Interest 
 18,137 
 15,343 
 12,305 
 8,587 
 6,475 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 31,752 
 23,407 
 16,486 
 11,103 
 8,489 
 
 Impairments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,020 
 - 
 
 Total Expenses 
 72,305 
 55,361 
 42,158 
 34,255 
 24,572 
 
 Income From Operations 
 44,597 
 36,166 
 27,808 
 19,304 
 18,946 
 
 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 (333 
 (181 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gain (loss) on sale of assets 
 14,193 
 9,964 
 12,135 
 (528 
 - 
 
 Income From Continuing Operations 
 58,790 
 45,797 
 39,762 
 18,776 
 18,946 
 
 Gain on sale of asset from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 123 
 946 
 
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14 
 298 
 
 Net income 
 58,790 
 45,797 
 39,762 
 18,913 
 20,190 
 
 Less net income attributable to non-controlling interest 
 678 
 679 
 744 
 425 
 515 
 
 Net income attributable to Agree Realty Corporation 
 58,112 
 45,118 
 39,018 
 18,488 
 19,675 
 
 Share Data 

Weighted average common shares - diluted 
 27,700 
 22,960 
 18,065 
 14,967 
 13,158 
 
 Net income per share - diluted 
 2.08 
 1.95 
 2.15 
 1.22 
 1.47 
 
 Cash dividends per share 
 2.03 
 1.92 
 1.85 
 1.74 
 1.64 
 
 Balance Sheet Data 

Real Estate (before accumulated depreciation) 
 1,299,255 
 1,019,957 
 755,849 
 589,147 
 471,366 
 
 Total Assets 
 1,497,041 
 1,141,972 
 807,042 
 606,415 
 471,327 
 
 Total Debt, including accrued interest 
 525,811 
 406,261 
 320,547 
 222,483 
 158,869 
 
 Other Data 

Number of Properties 
 436 
 366 
 278 
 209 
 130 
 
 Gross Leasable Area (Sq. Ft.) 
 8,663 
 7,033 
 5,207 
 4,315 
 3,662 
 
 Percentage Leased 
 100 
 100 
 99 
 99 
 98 

(1)
Property costs include real estate taxes, insurance, maintenance and land lease expense. 

23 

Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, and related notes thereto, included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and the -Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in Item 1A 
Risk Factors above. 

Overview 

 We are a fully integrated REIT primarily focused on the ownership, acquisition, development and management
of retail properties net leased to industry leading tenants. We were founded in 1971 by our current Executive Chairman, Richard
Agree, and our common stock was listed on the NYSE in 1994. Our assets are held by, and all of our operations are conducted through,
directly or indirectly, the Operating Partnership, of which we are the sole general partner and in which we held a 98.8 interest
as of December 31, 2017. 

As of December 31, 2017,
our portfolio consisted of 436 properties located in 43 states and totaling approximately 8.7 million square feet of gross leasable
area. As of December 31, 2017, our portfolio was approximately 99.7 leased and had a weighted average remaining lease term of
approximately 10.2 years. Substantially all of our tenants are subject to net lease agreements. A net lease typically requires
the tenant to be responsible for minimum monthly rent and property operating expenses including property taxes, insurance and maintenance. 

We elected to be taxed as
a REIT for federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 1994. We believe that we have been organized
and have operated in a manner that has allowed us to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and we intend to continue
operating in such a manner. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 In August 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued ASU No. 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting
for Hedging Activities ASU 2017-12 ). The objective of ASU 2017-12 is to expand hedge accounting for both
financial (interest rate) and commodity risks, and create more transparency around how economic results are presented, both on
the face of the financial statements and in the footnotes. ASU 2017-12 will be effective for public business entities for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods in the year of adoption. Early adoption is permitted for any
interim or annual period. The Company is in the process of determining the impact that the implementation of ASU 2017-12 will have
on the Company s financial statements. 

In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting ASU 2017-09 ). The
objective of ASU 2017-09 is to provide guidance on determining which changes to the terms and conditions of share-based payment
awards require an entity to apply modification accounting under Topic 718. ASU 2017-09 will be effective for public business entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods in the year of adoption. Early adoption is permitted
for any interim or annual period. The Company has evaluated the impact that ASU 2017-09 will have on the Company s financial
statements, and concluded the implementation of ASU 2017-09 has no material impact on the financial statements. 

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-01, Business Combinations: Clarifying the Definition of a Business ASU 2017-01 ). The
objective of ASU 2017-01 is to clarify the definition of a business by adding guidance on how entities should evaluate
whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The definition of a
business affects many areas of accounting including acquisitions, disposals, goodwill, and consolidation. ASU 2017-01 will be
effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods in the
year of adoption. Early adoption is permitted for any interim or annual period. The Company has early adopted and the
guidance has no material impact on the company s financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases ASU 2016-02 ). The new standard creates Topic 842, Leases, in FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 (FASB ASC) and supersedes FASB ASC 840, Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to recognize the assets and liabilities
that arise from leases (operating and finance). However, for leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to
make an accounting policy election not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. The main difference between the existing
guidance on accounting for leases and the new standard is that operating leases will now be recorded in the statement of financial
position as assets and liabilities. The new standard requires lessors to account for leases using an approach that is substantially
equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases and operating leases. ASU 2016-02 is expected to impact the Company s
consolidated financial statements as the Company has certain operating land lease arrangements for which it is the lessee. GAAP
requires only capital (finance) leases to be recognized in the statement of financial position, and amounts related to operating
leases largely are reflected in the financial statements as rent expense on the income statement and in disclosures to the financial
statements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual reporting periods (including interim periods within those periods) beginning after
December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has engaged a professional services firm to assist in the implementation
of ASU 2016-02. The Company anticipates that its retail leases where it is the lessor will continue to be accounted for as operating
leases under the new standard. Therefore, the Company does not currently anticipate significant changes in the accounting for its
lease revenues. The Company is also the lessee under various land lease arrangements and it will be required to recognize right
of use assets and related lease liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets upon adoption. The Company will continue to evaluate
the impact of adopting the new leases standard on its consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and consolidated
balance sheets. 

24 

In May 2014, with subsequent updates issued in August 2015 and March, April and May 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 was developed
to enable financial statement users to better understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
from contracts with customers. The update s core principle is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services. Companies are to use a five-step contract review model to ensure revenue is recognized,
measured and disclosed in accordance with this principle. Those steps include the following: (i) identify the contract with the
customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction
price to each performance obligation in the contract, and (v) recognize revenue when or as the entity satisfies a performance obligation. 

The Company has identified four main revenue streams of which three of them originate from lease contracts
and will be subject to Leases ASU 2016-02, Topic 842 effective for annual reporting periods (including interim periods) beginning
after December 15, 2018. The revenue streams are: 

Revenue Recognition (ASU 2014-09, Topic
610-20): 

Gain (loss) on sale of real estate properties 

Leases (ASU 2016-02, Topic 842): 

Rental revenues 

Straight line rents 

Tenant recoveries 

As of January 1, 2018, the Company will
be accounting for the sale of real estate properties under Subtopic 610-20 which provides for revenue recognition based on
transfer of ownership. All properties were non-financial real estate assets and thus not businesses which were sold
to non-customers with no performance obligations. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company sold real
estate properties for net proceeds of 44.3 million, and a recorded net gain of 14.2 million. 

Management has concluded that all of the Company s material revenue streams
falls outside of the scope of this guidance and currently recognizes revenue from its contracts with customers at a point in
time and does not anticipate any changes. The Company intends to implement the standard under the modified retrospective
method and does not anticipate recording any cumulative effect recognized in retained earnings as of the date of adoption
(January 1, 2018). 

Critical Accounting Policies 

 Our accounting policies are
determined in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that
are subjective in nature and, as a result, our actual results could differ materially from our estimates. Set forth below are the
more critical accounting policies that require management judgment and estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements. This summary should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of our accounting policies and procedures
included in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 

25 

Revenue Recognition 

 We lease real estate to our tenants under long-term
net leases which we account for as operating leases. Under this method, leases that have fixed and determinable rent increases
are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Rental increases based upon changes in the consumer price indexes,
or other variable factors, are recognized only after changes in such factors have occurred and are then applied according to the
lease agreements. Certain leases also provide for additional rent based on tenants sales volumes. These rents are recognized
when determinable by us after the tenant exceeds a sales breakpoint. Contractually obligated reimbursements from tenants for recoverable
real estate taxes and operating expenses are generally included in operating costs reimbursement in the period when such expenses
are recorded. 

Real Estate Investments 

 We record the acquisition of real estate at
cost, including acquisition and closing costs. For properties developed by us, all direct and indirect costs related to planning,
development and construction, including interest, real estate taxes and other miscellaneous costs incurred during the construction
period, are capitalized for financial reporting purposes and recorded as property under development until construction has been
completed. 

Accounting for Acquisitions of Real Estate 

 The acquisition of property for investment
purposes is typically accounted for as an asset acquisition. We allocate the purchase price to land, building and identified intangible
assets and liabilities, based in each case on their relative estimated fair values and without giving rise to goodwill. Intangible
assets and liabilities represent the value of in-place leases and above- or below-market leases. In making estimates of fair values,
we may use a number of sources, including data provided by independent third parties, as well as information obtained by the Company
as a result our due diligence, including expected future cash flows of the property and various characteristics of the markets
where the property is located. 

Depreciation 

 Our real estate portfolio is
depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated remaining useful life of the properties, which are generally 40
years for buildings and 10 to 20 years for improvements. Properties classified as held for sale and properties
under development are not depreciated. 

Impairments 

 We review our real estate investments periodically
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Events or
circumstances that may occur include, but are not limited to, significant changes in real estate market conditions or our ability
to re-lease or sell properties that are vacant or become vacant. Management determines whether an impairment in value has occurred
by comparing the estimated future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges), including the residual value of the real
estate, with the carrying cost of the individual asset. An asset is considered impaired if its carrying value exceeds its estimated
undiscounted cash flows and an impairment charge is recorded in the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its
estimated fair value. 

Results of Operations 

 Comparison of Year Ended December
31, 2017 to Year Ended December 31, 2016 

 Minimum rental income increased 21.1 million, or 25 , to 105.1 million in 2017, compared to 84.0 million
in 2016. Approximately 22.4 million of the increase was due to the acquisition of 79 properties in 2017 and the full year impact
of 82 properties acquired in 2016. Approximately 2.2 million of the increase was attributable to four development projects completed
in 2017 and the full year impact of nine development projects completed in 2016. These increases were partially offset by approximately
a 2.1 million reduction in minimum rental income from properties sold during 2017 that were owned for all or part of 2016. 

Percentage rents remained
consistent with prior periods. The years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 totaled 0.2 million. 

Operating cost
reimbursements increased 3.5 million, or 48 , to 10.8 million in 2017, compared to 7.3 million in 2016. Operating cost
reimbursements increased primarily due to higher levels of recoverable property operating expenses, including real estate
taxes, and increased property count. The portfolio recovery rate remained consistent at 91 in 2017 and 2016 due to
the factors discussed above. 

Other income increased 0.5
million in 2017 compared to 0.0 million in 2016. 

26 

Real estate taxes increased 2.7 million, or 50 , to 8.2 million in 2017, compared to 5.5 million in 2016.
The increase was due to the ownership of additional properties in 2017 compared to 2016 for which we remit real estate taxes and
are subsequently reimbursed by tenants. 

Property operating expenses increased 1.1 million, or 45 , to 3.6 million in 2017, compared to 2.5 million
in 2016. The increase was primarily due to the ownership of additional properties in 2017 compared to 2016 which contributed to
higher property maintenance, utilities and insurance expenses. Our tenants subsequently reimbursed us for the majority of these
expenses. 

Land lease payments remained
consistent with prior periods. The years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 totaled approximately 0.7 million. 

General and administrative expenses increased 1.9 million, or 36 , to 9.9 million in 2017, compared to 8.0
million in 2016. The increase was primarily the result of increased employee headcount and associated professional costs and was
partially offset by a one-time credit of 0.2 million to reflect a reduction in the company s deferred tax liability due
to new tax legislation. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue decreased to 8.5 for 2017 from 8.8 
in 2016. 

Depreciation and amortization
increased 8.4 million, or 35 , to 31.8 million in 2017, compared to 23.4 million in 2016. The increase was due to the ownership
of additional properties in 2017 compared to 2016. 

We recorded no impairment charges during 2017 or 2016. 

Interest expense increased 2.8 million, or 18 , to 18.1 million in 2017, from 15.3 million in 2016. The
increase in interest expense was primarily a result of higher levels of borrowings to finance the acquisition and development of
additional properties. The Company also issued 100.0 million senior unsecured notes in September 2017. Higher interest expense
was also attributable to the full year interest impact of debt issuances in 2016. 

During 2017, the Company sold real
estate properties for net proceeds of 44.3 million and recorded a net gain of 14.2 million (net of any expected losses on real
estate held for sale). 

We had no income from discontinued operations in 2017 or 2016. 

Net Income increased 13.0
million, or 29 , to 58.8 million in 2017, from 45.8 million in 2016 for the reasons set forth above. 

Comparison of Year Ended December
31, 2016 to Year Ended December 31, 2015 

 Minimum rental income increased 19.7 million, or 31 , to 84.0 million in 2016, compared to 64.3 million
in 2015. Approximately 20.2 million of the increase is due to the acquisition of 82 properties in 2016 and the full year impact
of 73 properties acquired in 2015. Approximately 1.2 million of the increase was attributable to nine development projects completed
in 2016 and the full year impact of one development project completed in 2015, and approximately a 0.4 million increase due to
other minimum rental income adjustments. These increases were partially offset by approximately a 2.1 million reduction in minimum
rental income from properties sold during 2016 that were owned for all of part of 2015. 

Percentage rents remained
consistent with prior periods. The years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 totaled 0.2 million. 

Operating cost reimbursements
increased 2.0 million, or 38 , to 7.3 million in 2016, compared to 5.3 million in 2015. Operating cost reimbursements increased
due to higher levels of recoverable property operating expenses, including real estate taxes, acquisition, disposition, and development
activity. The portfolio recovery rate remained consistent at 91 for both 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Other income remained consistent
with prior periods. 

27 

Real estate taxes increased 1.5 million, or 36 , to 5.5 million in 2016, compared to 4.0 million in 2015.
The increase was due to the ownership of additional properties in 2016 compared to 2015 for which we remit real estate taxes and
are subsequently reimbursed by tenants. 

Property operating expenses increased 0.7 million, or 40 , to 2.5 million in 2016, compared to 1.8 million
in 2015. The increase was primarily due to the ownership of additional properties in 2016 compared to 2015 which contributed to
higher property maintenance, utilities and insurance expenses. Our tenants subsequently reimbursed us for the majority of these
expenses. 

Land lease payments increased
 0.1 million, or 8 , to 0.7 million in 2016, compared to 0.6 million in 2015. 

General and administrative expenses increased 1.0 million, or 15 , to 8.0 million in 2016, compared to 7.0
million in 2015. The increase was primarily the result of increased employee headcount and associated professional costs. General
and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue decreased to 8.8 for 2016 from 10.0 in 2015. 

Depreciation and amortization
increased 6.9 million, or 42 , to 23.4 million in 2016, compared to 16.5 million in 2015. 

We recorded no impairment charges during 2016 or 2015. 

Interest expense increased 3.0 million, or 25 , to 15.3 million in 2016, from 12.3 million in 2015. The
increase in interest expense was primarily a result of an additional borrowing and debt issuance in 2016, including the 40.0 million
unsecured term loan facility we entered into in July 2016 and 60.0 million senior unsecured notes issued in July 2016, which were
offset by the repayment of the 8.6 million portfolio mortgage loan in March 2016. 

During 2016, the Company
sold real estate properties for net proceeds of 28.9 million and a recorded net gain of 10.0 million (net of any expected losses
on real estate held for sale). 

We had no income from discontinued operations in 2016 or 2015. 

Net Income increased 6.0
million, or 15 , to 45.8 million in 2016, from 39.8 million in 2015 for the reasons set forth above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Our principal demands for funds include payment
of operating expenses, payment of principal and interest on our outstanding indebtedness, distributions to our shareholders and
future property acquisitions and development. 

We expect to meet our short-term liquidity
requirements through cash provided from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2017,
available cash and cash equivalents was 50.8 million. As of December 31, 2017 we had 14.0 million outstanding on our revolving
credit facility and 236.0 million was available for future borrowings, subject to our compliance with covenants. We anticipate
funding our long-term capital needs through cash provided from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, the
issuance of debt and common or preferred equity or other instruments convertible into or exchangeable for common or preferred equity. 

In August 2017, the Company entered into an
uncommitted and unsecured 100 million private placement shelf agreement (the AIG Shelf Agreement with AIG Asset
Management (U.S.), LLC AIG and each AIG Affiliate named therein. The AIG Shelf Agreement allows us to issue senior
unsecured notes to AIG at terms to be agreed upon at the time of any issuance during a three year issuance period ending in August
2020. As of December 31, 2017, no notes had been issued under the AIG Shelf Agreement. 

In August 2017, the Company entered into an uncommitted and unsecured 100 million private placement shelf
agreement (the TIAA Shelf Agreement with Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America TIAA and each TIAA Affiliate named therein. The TIAA Shelf Agreement allows us to issue senior unsecured notes to TIAA at terms to be
agreed upon at the time of any issuance during a three year issuance period ending in August 2020. As of December 31, 2017, no
notes had been issued under the TIAA Shelf Agreement. 

We continually evaluate alternative financing
and believe that we can obtain financing on reasonable terms. However, there can be no assurance that additional financing or capital
will be available, or that the terms will be acceptable or advantageous to us. 

Capitalization 

 As of December 31, 2017, our total market
capitalization was approximately 2.1 billion. Market capitalization consisted of 1.6 billion of shares of an common stock
(based on the December 29, 2017 closing price of our common stock on the NYSE of 51.44 per share and assuming the conversion
of OP Units) and 522.4 million of total debt including (i) 14.0 million of borrowings under our revolving credit facility;
(ii) 159.3 million of unsecured term loans; (iii) 260.0 million of senior unsecured notes; and (iv) 89.1 million of
mortgage notes payable. Our ratio of total debt to total market capitalization was 24.5 at December 31, 2017. 

28 

At December 31, 2017, the non-controlling interest
in our Operating Partnership consisted of a 1.2 ownership interest in the Operating Partnership held by third parties. The OP
Units may, under certain circumstances, be exchanged for our shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis. We, as sole general
partner of the Operating Partnership, have the option to settle exchanged OP Units held by others for cash based on the current
trading price of our shares. Assuming the exchange of all OP Units, there would have been 31,352,519 shares of common stock outstanding
at December 31, 2017. 

Debt 

 The below table summarizes the Company s
outstanding debt for the periods ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (in thousands): 

Interest 
 
 Principal Amount Outstanding 
 
 Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility 
 Rate 
 Maturity 
 December 31, 2017 
 December 31, 2016 
 
 Credit Facility (1) 
 2.87 
 January 2021 
 14,000 
 14,000 
 
 Total Credit Facility 

14,000 
 14,000 

Unsecured Term Loans (2) 

2019 Term Loan 
 3.62 
 May 2019 
 19,304 
 20,044 
 
 2023 Term Loan 
 3.05 
 July 2023 
 40,000 
 40,000 
 
 2024 Term Loan Facility 
 3.74 
 January 2024 
 65,000 
 65,000 
 
 2024 Term Loan Facility 
 3.85 
 January 2024 
 35,000 
 35,000 
 
 Total Unsecured Term Loans 

159,304 
 160,044 

Senior Unsecured Notes (2) 

2025 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 4.16 
 May 2025 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 
 2027 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 4.26 
 May 2027 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 
 2028 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 4.42 
 July 2028 
 60,000 
 60,000 
 
 2029 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 4.19 
 September 2029 
 100,000 
 - 
 
 Total Senior Unsecured Notes 

260,000 
 160,000 

Mortgage Notes Payable (2) 

Secured Term Loan 
 2.49 
 April 2018 
 25,000 
 25,000 
 
 Single Asset Mortgage Loan 
 3.32 
 October 2019 
 21,500 
 - 
 
 Portfolio Mortgage Loan 
 6.90 
 January 2020 
 3,573 
 5,114 
 
 Single Asset Mortgage Loan 
 6.24 
 February 2020 
 2,963 
 3,049 
 
 CMBS Portfolio Loan 
 3.60 
 January 2023 
 23,640 
 23,640 
 
 Single Asset Mortgage Loan 
 5.01 
 September 2023 
 5,131 
 5,294 
 
 Portfolio Credit Tenant Lease ("CTL") 
 6.27 
 July 2026 
 7,288 
 7,910 
 
 Total Mortgage Notes Payable 

89,095 
 70,007 

Total Principal Amount Outstanding 

522,399 
 404,051 

(1) The annual interest rate of the Credit
Facility assumes one month LIBOR as of December 31, 2017 of 1.57 . 

 (2) Interest rate includes the effects of variable
interest rates that have been swapped to fixed interest rates. 

Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility 

 In December 2016, the Company amended and
restated the credit agreement that governs our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured term loan facility to
increase the aggregate borrowing capacity to 350.0 million. The agreement provides for a 250.0 million unsecured revolving
credit facility, a 65.0 million unsecured term loan facility and a 35.0 million unsecured term loan facility. The unsecured
revolving credit facility matures in January 2021 with options to extend the maturity date to January 2022. The unsecured
term loan facilities mature in January 2024. We have the ability to increase the aggregate borrowing capacity under the
credit agreement up to 500.0 million, subject to lender approval. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear
interest at LIBOR plus 130 to 195 basis points, depending on our leverage ratio. Additionally, we are required to pay an
unused commitment fee at an annual rate of 15 or 25 basis points on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility,
depending on the amount of borrowings outstanding. The credit agreement contains certain financial covenants, including a
maximum leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum percentage of secured debt to total asset
value. 

Unsecured Term Loan Facilities 

 In July 2016, the Company entered into a 40.0
million unsecured term loan facility that matures in July 2023 (the 2023 Term Loan ). Borrowings under the 2023
Term Loan are priced at LIBOR plus 165 to 225 basis points, depending on the Company s leverage. The Company entered into
an interest rate swap to fix LIBOR at 1.40 until maturity. As of December 31, 2017, 40.0 million was outstanding under
the 2023 Term Loan, which was subject to an all-in interest rate of 3.05 . 

In August 2016, the Company
entered into a 20.3 million unsecured amortizing term loan that matures in May 2019 (the 2019 Term Loan ). 
Borrowings under the 2019 Term Loan are priced at LIBOR plus 170 basis points. In order to fix LIBOR on the 2019 Term Loan at 1.92 
until maturity, the Company had an interest rate swap agreement in place, which was assigned by the lender under the previously
secured facility to the 2019 Term Loan lender. As of December 31, 2017, 19.3 million was outstanding under the 2019 Term
Loan bearing an all-in interest rate of 3.62 . 

29 

The amended and restated credit agreement,
described above, extended the maturity dates of the 65.0 million unsecured term loan facility and 35.0 million unsecured term
loan facility (together, the 2024 Term Loan Facilities to January 2024. In connection with entering into the amended
and restated credit agreement, the prior notes evidencing the existing 65.0 million unsecured term loan facility and 35.0 million
unsecured term loan facility were canceled and new notes evidencing the 2024 Term Loan Facilities were executed. Borrowings under
the unsecured 2024 Term Loan Facilities bear interest at a variable LIBOR plus 165 to 235 basis points, depending on the Company's
leverage ratio. The Company utilized existing interest rate swaps to effectively fix the LIBOR rate (refer to Note 8 Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activity). 

Senior Unsecured Notes 

 In May 2015, the Company completed a private
placement of 100.0 million principal amount of senior unsecured notes. The senior unsecured notes were sold in two series; 50.0
million of 4.16 notes due in May 2025 and 50.0 million of 4.26 notes due in May 2027. The weighted average term of the senior
unsecured notes is 11 years and the weighted average interest rate is 4.21 . 

In July 2016, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with institutional purchasers. Pursuant to
the note purchase agreement, the Operating Partnership completed a private placement of 60.0 million aggregate principal amount
of our 4.42 senior unsecured notes due July 28, 2028. The senior unsecured notes were sold only to institutional investors and
did not involve a public offering in reliance on the exemption from registration in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

In August 2017, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with institutional purchasers. Pursuant
to the note purchase agreement, the Operating Partnership completed a private placement of 100.0 million aggregate principal amount
of our 4.19 senior unsecured notes due September 2029. The senior unsecured notes are guaranteed by the Company. The closing of
the private placement was consummated in September 2017, and, on that date, the Operating Partnership issued the senior unsecured
notes. The senior unsecured notes were sold only to institutional investors and did not involve a public offering in reliance on
the exemption from registration in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Mortgage Notes Payable 

 As of December 31, 2017, we had total gross
mortgage indebtedness of 89.1 million, with a weighted average term to maturity of 3.0 years. Including our mortgages that have
been swapped to a fixed interest rate, our weighted average interest rate on mortgage debt was 3.74 . 

In December 2017, the Company assumed an interest only mortgage note for 21.5 million with PNC Bank, National
Association. The mortgage note is due October 2019, secured by a multi-tenant property and has a fixed interest rate of 3.32 . 

We have entered into mortgage loans which are
secured by multiple properties and contain cross-default and cross-collateralization provisions. Cross-collateralization provisions
allow a lender to foreclose on multiple properties in the event that we default under the loan. Cross-default provisions allow
a lender to foreclose on the related property in the event a default is declared under another loan. 

30 

Contractual Obligations 

 The following table summarizes
our contractual obligations by due date as of December 31, 2017: 

Total 
 2018 
 2019-2020 
 2021-2022 
 Thereafter 
 
 Mortgage Notes Payable 
 89,095 
 27,576 
 28,118 
 2,058 
 31,343 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 14,000 
 - 
 - 
 14,000 
 - 
 
 Unsecured Term Loans 
 159,304 
 761 
 18,543 
 - 
 140,000 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 260,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 260,000 
 
 Land Lease Obligations 
 10,342 
 641 
 1,265 
 1,093 
 7,343 
 
 Estimated Interest Payments on Outstanding Debt 
 155,978 
 20,270 
 37,510 
 35,449 
 62,749 
 
 Total 
 688,719 
 49,248 
 85,436 
 52,600 
 501,435 

Estimated interest payments
are based on (i) the stated rates for mortgage notes payable, including the effect of interest rate swaps and (ii) the stated rates
for unsecured term loans, including the effect of interest rate swaps and assuming the interest rate in effect for the most recent
quarter remains in effect through the respective maturity dates. 

Dividends 

 During the quarter ended
December 31, 2017, we declared a quarterly dividend of 0.520 per share. The cash dividend was paid on January 3, 2018 to holders
of record on December 20, 2017. 

Inflation 

 Our leases typically contain
provisions to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation on our results of operations. Tenant leases generally provide for limited
increases in rent as a result of fixed increases or increases in the consumer price index. Certain of our leases contain clauses
enabling us to receive percentage rents based on tenants gross sales, which generally increase as prices rise. During times
when inflation is greater than increases in rent, rent increases will not keep up with the rate of inflation. 

Substantially all of properties
are leased to tenants under long-term, net leases which require the tenant to pay certain operating expenses for a property, thereby
reducing our exposure to operating cost increases resulting from inflation. Inflation may have an adverse impact on our tenants. 

Funds from Operations 

 Funds from Operations FFO is defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. NAREIT to mean net income computed
in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization
and any impairment charges on a depreciable real estate asset, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint
ventures. Management uses FFO as a supplemental measure to conduct and evaluate the Company s business because there are
certain limitations associated with using GAAP net income by itself as the primary measure of the Company s operating performance.
Historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets
diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values instead have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, management
believes that the presentation of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting is insufficient
by itself. 

FFO should not be considered an alternative to net income as the primary indicator of the Company s
operating performance, or an alternative to cash flow as a measure of liquidity. Further, while the Company adheres to the NAREIT
definition of FFO, its presentation of FFO is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures of other REITs due to the
fact that all REITs may not use the same definition. 

Adjusted Funds from Operations AFFO is a non-GAAP financial measure of operating performance used by many companies in the REIT industry. AFFO
further adjusts FFO for certain non-cash items that reduce or increase net income in accordance with GAAP. Management considers
AFFO a useful supplemental measure of the Company s performance, however, AFFO should not be considered an alternative to
net income as an indication of the Company s performance, or to cash flow as a measure of liquidity or ability to make distributions.
The Company s computation of AFFO may differ from the methodology for calculating AFFO used by other equity REITs, and therefore
may not be comparable to such other REITs. Note that, during the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company adjusted its calculation
of AFFO to exclude non-recurring capitalized building improvements and to include non-real estate related depreciation and amortization.
Management believes that these changes provide a more useful measure of operating performance in the context of AFFO. 

31 

The following table provides a
reconciliation of net income to FFO for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2017 
 December 31, 2016 
 December 31, 2015 
 
 Reconciliation from Net Income to Funds from Operations 

Net income 
 58,790 
 45,797 
 39,762 
 
 Depreciation of real estate assets 
 19,507 
 15,200 
 11,466 
 
 Amortization of leasing costs 
 163 
 125 
 98 
 
 Amortization of lease intangibles 
 12,004 
 8,010 
 4,859 
 
 Gain on sale of assets 
 (14,193 
 (9,964 
 (12,135 
 
 Funds from Operations 
 76,271 
 59,168 
 44,050 

Funds from Operations Per Share - Diluted 
 2.72 
 2.54 
 2.39 

Weighted average shares and OP units outstanding 

Basic 
 27,972,721 
 23,216,355 
 18,350,741 
 
 Diluted 
 28,047,966 
 23,307,418 
 18,413,034 

The following table provides a reconciliation of net income to AFFO for the years ended December 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2017 
 December 31, 2016 
 December 31, 2015 
 
 Reconciliation from Net Income to Adjusted Funds from Operations 

Net income 
 58,790 
 45,797 
 39,762 
 
 Cumulative adjustments to calculate FFO 
 17,481 
 13,371 
 4,288 
 
 Funds from Operations 
 76,271 
 59,168 
 44,050 
 
 Straight-line accrued rent 
 (3,548 
 (3,582 
 (2,450 
 
 Deferred revenue recognition 
 - 
 (541 
 (463 
 
 Deferred tax expense (benefit) 
 (230 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation expense 
 2,589 
 2,441 
 1,992 
 
 Amortization of financing costs 
 574 
 516 
 494 
 
 Non-real estate depreciation 
 78 
 72 
 62 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 - 
 333 
 180 
 
 Adjusted Funds from Operations 
 75,734 
 58,407 
 43,865 

Adjusted Funds from Operations Per Share - Diluted 
 2.70 
 2.51 
 2.38 

Additional supplemental disclosure 

Scheduled principal repayments 
 3,151 
 2,954 
 2,772 
 
 Capitalized interest 
 570 
 210 
 39 
 
 Capitalized building improvements 
 1,230 
 541 
 310 

Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We are exposed to interest
rate risk primarily through our borrowing activities. There is inherent roll-over risk for borrowings as they mature and are renewed
at current market rates. The extent of this risk is not quantifiable or predictable because of the variability of future interest
rates and our future financing requirements. 

Our interest rate risk is
monitored using a variety of techniques. The table below presents the principal payments (in thousands) and the weighted average
interest rates on outstanding debt, by year of expected maturity, to evaluate the expected cash flows and sensitivity to interest
rate changes, assuming no mortgage defaults. 

in thousands) 

2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Mortgage Notes Payable 
 27,576 
 24,251 
 3,866 
 998 
 1,060 
 31,344 
 89,095 
 
 Average Interest Rate 
 2.87 
 3.69 
 6.21 
 6.02 
 6.02 
 4.09 

Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14,000 
 - 
 - 
 14,000 
 
 Average Interest Rate 

2.63 

Unsecured Term Loans 
 761 
 18,543 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 140,000 
 159,304 
 
 Average Interest Rate 
 3.62 
 3.62 

3.57 

Senior Unsecured Notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 260,000 
 260,000 
 
 Average Interest Rate 

4.25 

(1) The balloon payment balance includes the balance outstanding
under the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2017. The Credit Facility matures in January 2021, with options to extend the maturity
for one year at the Company s election, subject to certain conditions. 

32 

The fair value is estimated
at 89.8 million and 426.7 million for mortgage notes payable and unsecured term loans and notes, respectively, as of December
31, 2017. 

The table above incorporates
those exposures that exist as of December 31, 2017; it does not consider those exposures or positions which could arise after that
date. As a result, our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to interest rate fluctuations will depend on the exposures that
arise during the period and interest rates. 

We seek to limit the impact
of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower the overall borrowing costs by closely monitoring our variable
rate debt and converting such debt to fixed rates when we deem such conversion advantageous. From time to time, we may enter into
interest rate swap agreements or other interest rate hedging contracts. While these agreements are intended to lessen the impact
of rising interest rates, they also expose us to the risks that the other parties to the agreements will not perform, we could
incur significant costs associated with the settlement of the agreements, the agreements will be unenforceable and the underlying
transactions will fail to qualify as highly-effective cash flow hedges under GAAP guidance. 

In April 2012, the Company entered
into an amortizing forward-starting interest rate swap agreement to hedge against changes in future cash flows resulting
from changes in interest rates on 22.3 million in variable-rate borrowings. Under the terms of the interest rate swap
agreement, the Company receives from the counterparty interest on the notional amount based on 1 month LIBOR and pays to
the counterparty a fixed rate of 1.92 . The notional amount as of December 31, 2017 was 19.3 million. This swap effectively
converted 22.3 million of variable-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings from July 1, 2013 to May 1, 2019. As of December
31, 2017, this interest rate swap was valued as a liability of approximately 0.0 million. 

In December 2012, the Company entered into
interest rate swap agreements to hedge against changes in future cash flows resulting from changes in interest rates on 25.0 million
in variable-rate borrowings. Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives from the counterparty interest
on the notional amount based on 1 month LIBOR and pays to the counterparty a fixed rate of 0.89 . This swap effectively converted
 25.0 million of variable-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings from December 6, 2012 to April 4, 2018. As of December 31, 2017,
this interest rate swap was valued as an asset of approximately 0.0 million. 

In September 2013, the Company entered into
an interest rate swap agreement to hedge against changes in future cash flows resulting from changes in interest rates on 35.0
million in variable-rate borrowings. Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives from the counterparty
interest on the notional amount based on 1 month LIBOR and pays to the counterparty a fixed rate of 2.20 . This swap effectively
converted 35.0 million of variable-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings from October 3, 2013 to September 29, 2020. As of
December 31, 2017, this interest rate swap was valued as a liability of approximately 0.2 million. 

In July 2014, the Company entered into interest
rate swap agreements to hedge against changes in future cash flows resulting from changes in interest rates on 65.0 million in
variable-rate borrowings. Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives from the counterparty interest
on the notional amount based on 1 month LIBOR and pays to the counterparty a fixed rate of 2.09 . This swap effectively converted
 65.0 million of variable-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings from July 21, 2014 to July 21, 2021. As of December 31, 2017,
this interest rate swap was valued as a liability of approximately 0.1 million. 

In September 2016, the Company entered into
an interest rate swap agreement to hedge against changes in future cash flows resulting from changes in interest rates on 40.0
million in variable-rate borrowings. Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives from the counterparty
interest on the notional amount based on 1 month LIBOR and pays to the counterparty a fixed rate of 1.40 . This swap effectively
converted 40.0 million of variable-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings from August 1, 2016 to July 1, 2023. As of December
31, 2017, this interest rate swap was valued as an asset of approximately 1.5 million. 

We do not use derivative
instruments for trading or other speculative purposes and we did not have any other derivative instruments or hedging activities
as of December 31, 2017. 

As of December 31, 2017,
a 100 basis point increase in interest rates on the portion of our debt bearing interest at variable rates would have resulted
in an increase in interest expense of approximately 0.1 million. 

33 

Item 8 : Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The financial statements and supplementary data are listed in the Index to the Financial Statements and Financial
Statement Schedules appearing on Page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
following page F-1. 

Item 9: Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There are no disagreements
with our independent registered public accounting firm on accounting matters or financial disclosure. 

Item 9A: Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

 As of the end of the period
covered by this report, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in
SEC rules and forms. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

 Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a15-(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of our Company; 

2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors; and 

3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision of our principal executive
officer and our principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment and those criteria, our management believes that we maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

 There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

 The attestation report required
under this item is contained on page F-2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9B: Other Information 

None. 

34 

PART III 

Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Incorporated herein by reference
to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

I tem 11: Executive Compensation 

Incorporated herein by reference
to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 

The following table summarizes
the equity compensation plan under which our common stock may be issued as of December 31, 2017. 

Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrant and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 
 
 Plan Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 
 - 
 - 
 480,299 (1) 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 
 - 
 480,299 

(1) Relates to various stock-based awards available for issuance under our 2014 Omnibus Incentive
Plan, including incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, deferred stock awards, restricted
stock awards, unrestricted stock awards and dividend equivalent rights. 

Additional information, including
our Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management table, is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive
proxy statement with respect to our 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 13: Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 

Incorporated herein by reference
to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

I tem 14: Principal Accounting
Fees and Services 

Incorporated herein by reference
to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

35 

PART IV 

Item 15: Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

15(a)(1). The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Reports of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firms 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December
31, 2017 and 2016 

Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders 
Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for
the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

15(a)(2). The following is a list of the financial statement schedules required by Item 8: 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

15(a)(3). Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description NEED STOCK TEMPLATE EXHIBIT
 (restricted stock and performance shares) 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company, including all amendments and articles supplementary thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (for the quarter ended June 30, 2013). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2013). 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2015). 

3.4 
 
 Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2016). 

4.1 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated as of December 7, 1998, by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company,
N.A., f/k/a EquiServe Trust Company, N.A., a national banking association, as successor rights agent to BankBoston, N.A., a national
banking association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on
November 13, 2009). 

4.2 
 
 Second Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2008, by and between the Company and Computershare
Trust Company, N.A., f/k/a EquiServe Trust Company, N.A., as successor rights agent to BankBoston, N.A. (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2008). 

4.3 
 
 Third
 Amendment to Rights Agreement, by and between Agree Realty Corporation and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Rights
 Agent, dated December 20, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2017). 

4.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 8, 1994 by and among the Company, Richard Agree, Edward Rosenberg and Joel Weiner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994). 

4.5 
 
 Form of certificate representing shares of common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on August 24, 2009). 

10.1 
 
 Term Loan Agreement, dated July 1, 2016, among Agree Limited Partnership, Capital One, National Association,
and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016). 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2016, among Agree
Limited Partnership, as the Borrower, the Company, as the parent, certain subsidiaries of the Borrower, as guarantors, PNC Bank,
National Association and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016). 

36 

10.3 
 
 First
 Amendment and Joinder to Term Loan Agreement, dated December 15, 2016, by and among Agree
 Limited Partnership, the Company, the other guarantors party thereto, the lenders party
 thereto and Capital One, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016). 

10.4 
 
 Note
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2017, among Agree Limited Partnership, the Company and the purchasers named therein
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
 30, 2017). 

10.5 
 
 Uncommitted
 Master Note Facility, dated as of August 3, 2017, among Agree Limited Partnership, the Company and Teachers Insurance and
 Annuity Associate of America TIAA and each TIAA Affiliate (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017). 

10.6 
 
 Uncommitted
 Master Note Facility, dated as of August 3, 2017, among Agree Limited Partnership, the Company and Teachers Insurance and
 AIG Asset Management (U.S.), LLC AIG and each AIG Affiliate (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017). 

10.7 
 
 First
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Agree Limited Partnership, dated as of April 22, 1994, by and among
 the Company, Richard Agree, Edward Rosenberg and Joel Weiner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012). 

10.8 
 
 Second
 Amendment to First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Agree Limited Partnership, dated as of March 20,
 2013, by and among the Company, Agree Limited Partnership and Richard Agree (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013). 

10.9+ 
 
 Agree
 Realty Corporation Profit Sharing Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996). 

10.10+ 
 
 Amended
 Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2014, by and between the Company and Richard Agree (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014). 

10.11+ 
 
 Amended
 Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2014, by and between the Company and Joey Agree (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014). 

10.12+ 
 
 Letter
 Agreement of Employment dated April 5, 2010 between Agree Limited Partnership and Laith Hermiz (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 6, 2010). 

10.13+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated October 20, 2017, between Agree Realty Corporation and Clayton R. Thelen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2017). 

10.14 
 
 Summary
 of Director Compensation. 

10.15+ 
 
 Agree Realty Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014). 

10.16+ 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to the Agree Realty Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 September 30, 2014). 

10.17 + 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement pursuant to the Agree Realty Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive
Plan. 

10.18 
 
 Agree
Realty Corporation 2017 Executive Incentive Plan, dated February 16, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to
the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016). 

10.19 
 Note Purchase Agreement
 dated as of May 28, 2015 by and among Agree Limited Partnership, the Company and the purchasers thereto (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2015). 

10.20 
 Note Purchase Agreement,
 dated as of July 28, 2016, by and among Agree Limited Partnership, the Company and the purchasers thereto (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
 30, 2016). 

12.1 
 
 Statement
 of computation of ratios of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred stock dividends. 

37 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Agree Realty Corporation. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP. 

24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Joel N. Agree, Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Clayton Thelen, Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Joel N. Agree, Chief Executive Officer. 

32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Clayton Thelen, Chief Financial Officer. 

99.1 
 
 Material Federal Income Tax Considerations. 

101 
 
 The following materials from Agree Realty Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) related notes to these consolidated financial statements, tagged as blocks of text. 

Filed herewith. 

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A)
of Regulation S-K, the registrant has not filed debt instruments relating to long-term debt that is not registered and for which
the total amount of securities authorized thereunder does not exceed 10 of total assets of the registrant and its subsidiaries
on a consolidated basis as of December 31, 2017. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of such agreements to the SEC upon request. 

15(b) The Exhibits listed in Item 15(a)(3) are hereby filed with
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

15(c) The financial statement schedule listed at Item 15(a)(2)
is hereby filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

38 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 F-8 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 F-9 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-10 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-11 

Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 F-32 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
 REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Grant Thornton LLP 
 27777 Franklin Road, Suite 800 
 Southfield, MI 48034-2366 
 
 T 248.262.1950 
 F 248.350.3581 
 www.GrantThornton.com 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Agree Realty Corporation 

Opinion on internal control over financial
reporting 

We have audited the internal control over
financial reporting of Agree Realty Corporation (a Maryland corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December
31, 2017, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in the 2013
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

We also have audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial
statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017, and our report dated February 22, 2018 expressed an
unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

Basis for opinion 

The Company s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB. 

Grant Thornton LLP 

 U.S. member firm of Grant Thornton International
Ltd 

F- 2 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and limitations of internal control
over financial reporting 

A company s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on
the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/
 Grant Thornton LLP 

Southfield,
 Michigan 

February 22, 2018 

Grant Thornton LLP 

 U.S. member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd 

F- 3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Grant Thornton LLP 
 27777 Franklin Road, Suite 800 
 Southfield, MI 48034 
 
 T X248-262-1950 
 F 248-350-3581 
 www.GrantThornton.com 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Agree Realty Corporation 

Opinion on the financial
statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Agree Realty Corporation (a Maryland corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December
31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

We also have audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report
dated February 22, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Basis for opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

Grant Thornton LLP 

 U.S. member firm of Grant Thornton International
Ltd 

F- 4 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP 

Southfield, Michigan 

February 22, 2018 

Grant Thornton LLP 

 U.S. member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd 

F- 5 

AGREE REALTY CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In thousands, except share and per-share
data) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2017 
 2016 

ASSETS 

Real Estate Investments 

Land 
 405,457 
 309,687 
 
 Buildings 
 868,396 
 703,506 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 (85,239 
 (69,696 

1,188,614 
 943,497 
 
 Property under development 
 25,402 
 6,764 
 
 Net Real Estate Investments 
 1,214,016 
 950,261 

Real Estate Held For Sale, net 
 2,420 
 - 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 50,807 
 33,395 

Cash Held in Escrows 
 7,975 
 - 

Accounts Receivable - Tenants, net of allowance
 of 

296 and 50 for possible losses at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively 
 15,477 
 11,535 

Unamortized Deferred Expenses 

Credit facility finance costs, net of accumulated amortization of 433 and 1,262 at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively 
 1,174 
 1,552 

Leasing costs, net of accumulated amortization of 814 and 677 at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively 
 1,583 
 1,227 

Lease intangible s , net of accumulated amortization of 41,390 and 25,666 at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively 
 195,158 
 139,871 

Interest Rate Swaps 
 1,592 
 1,409 

Other Assets, net 
 4,432 
 2,722 

Total Assets 
 1,494,634 
 1,141,972 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 6 

AGREE REALTY CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In thousands, except share and per-share
data) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2017 
 2016 

LIABILITIES 

Mortgage Notes Payable, net 
 88,270 
 69,067 

Unsecured Term Loans, net 
 158,171 
 158,679 

Senior Unsecured Notes, net 
 259,122 
 159,176 

Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility 
 14,000 
 14,000 

Dividends and Distributions Payable 
 16,303 
 13,124 

Deferred Revenue 
 1,837 
 1,823 

Accrued Interest Payable 
 3,412 
 2,210 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 

Capital expenditures 
 354 
 677 
 
 Operating 
 10,811 
 4,866 

Lease intangibles, net of accumulated amortization
 of 11,357 and 7,079 at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively 
 30,350 
 30,047 

Interest Rate Swaps 
 242 
 1,994 

Deferred Income Taxes 
 475 
 705 

Tenant Deposits 
 97 
 94 

Total Liabilities 
 583,444 
 456,462 

EQUITY 

Common stock, .0001 par value, 45,000,000 shares
 authorized, 31,004,900 and 26,164,977 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively 
 3 
 3 

Preferred Stock, .0001 par
 value per share, 4,000,000 shares authorized 

Series A junior participating preferred stock, .0001 par value, 200,000 authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional paid-in-capital 
 936,046 
 712,069 
 
 Dividends in excess of net income 
 (28,763 
 (28,558 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 1,375 
 (536 

Total Equity - Agree Realty Corporation 
 908,661 
 682,978 
 
 Non-controlling interest 
 2,529 
 2,532 
 
 Total Equity 
 911,190 
 685,510 

Total Liabilities and Equity 
 1,494,634 
 1,141,972 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 7 

AGREE REALTY CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 (In thousands, except share and per-share
data) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Revenues 

Minimum rents 
 105,074 
 84,031 
 64,278 
 
 Percentage rents 
 244 
 197 
 180 
 
 Operating cost reimbursement 
 10,752 
 7,267 
 5,277 
 
 Other 
 485 
 32 
 231 
 
 Total Revenues 
 116,555 
 91,527 
 69,966 

Operating Expenses 

Real estate taxes 
 8,204 
 5,459 
 4,005 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 3,610 
 2,484 
 1,768 
 
 Land lease expense 
 653 
 653 
 606 
 
 General and administrative 
 9,949 
 8,015 
 6,988 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 31,752 
 23,407 
 16,486 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 54,168 
 40,018 
 29,853 

Income from Operations 
 62,387 
 51,509 
 40,113 

Other (Expense) Income 

Interest expense, net 
 (18,137 
 (15,343 
 (12,305 
 
 Gain (loss) on sale of assets, net 
 14,193 
 9,964 
 12,135 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 - 
 (333 
 (181 
 
 Other income 
 347 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Income 
 58,790 
 45,797 
 39,762 

Less Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest 
 678 
 679 
 744 

Net Income Attributable to Agree Realty Corporation 
 58,112 
 45,118 
 39,018 

Net Income Per Share Attributable to Agree Realty Corporation 

Basic 
 2.09 
 1.97 
 2.17 
 
 Diluted 
 2.08 
 1.97 
 2.16 

Other Comprehensive Income 

Net income 
 58,790 
 45,797 
 39,762 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Gain (Loss) on Interest Rate Swaps 
 1,935 
 2,618 
 (1,093 
 
 Total Comprehensive Income 
 60,725 
 48,415 
 38,669 
 
 Less Comprehensive Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest 
 702 
 703 
 724 

Comprehensive Income Attributable to 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 60,023 
 47,712 
 37,945 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding - Basic: 
 27,625,102 
 22,868,736 
 18,003,122 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding - Diluted: 
 27,700,347 
 22,959,799 
 18,065,415 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 8 

AGREE REALTY CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY 

 (In thousands, except share and per-share
data) 

Accumulated 

Dividends in 
 Other 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 excess of net 
 Comprehensive 
 Non-Controlling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-In Capital 
 income 
 Income (Loss) 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2014 
 17,539,946 
 1 
 388,263 
 (32,584 
 (2,060 
 2,415 
 356,035 
 
 Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 
 3,043,812 
 1 
 92,259 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 92,260 
 
 Issuance of restricted stock under the Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 85,597 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeiture of restricted stock 
 (32,054 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vesting of restricted stock 
 - 
 - 
 1,992 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,992 
 
 Dividends and distributions declared for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (34,696 
 - 
 (640 
 (35,336 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) - change in fair value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 of interest rate swaps 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,070 
 (23 
 (1,093 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 39,018 
 - 
 744 
 39,762 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2015 
 20,637,301 
 2 
 482,514 
 (28,262 
 (3,130 
 2,496 
 453,620 
 
 Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 
 5,461,459 
 1 
 228,010 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 228,011 
 
 Repurchase of common shares 
 (20,569 
 - 
 (712 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (712 
 
 Issuance of restricted stock under the Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 93,363 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeiture of restricted stock 
 (6,577 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vesting of restricted stock 
 - 
 - 
 2,257 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,257 
 
 Dividends and distributions declared for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (45,414 
 - 
 (667 
 (46,081 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) - change in fair value of interest
 rate swaps 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,594 
 24 
 2,618 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 45,118 
 - 
 679 
 45,797 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2016 
 26,164,977 
 3 
 712,069 
 (28,558 
 (536 
 2,532 
 685,510 
 
 Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 
 4,786,604 
 - 
 222,695 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 222,695 
 
 Repurchase of common shares 
 (23,925 
 - 
 (1,111 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,111 
 
 Issuance of restricted stock under the Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 88,466 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeiture of restricted stock 
 (11,222 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vesting of restricted stock 
 - 
 - 
 2,393 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,393 
 
 Dividends and distributions declared for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (58,317 
 - 
 (705 
 (59,022 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) - change in fair value of interest
 rate swaps 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,911 
 24 
 1,935 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 58,112 
 - 
 678 
 58,790 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2017 
 31,004,900 
 3 
 936,046 
 (28,763 
 1,375 
 2,529 
 911,190 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 9 

AGREE REALTY CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In thousands) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net income 
 58,790 
 45,797 
 39,762 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 19,586 
 15,274 
 11,530 
 
 Amortization 
 12,166 
 8,133 
 4,956 
 
 Amortization from financing and credit facility costs 
 979 
 720 
 689 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 2,393 
 2,257 
 1,992 
 
 Write-off of deferred costs 
 - 
 333 
 181 
 
 (Gain) loss on sale of assets 
 (14,193 
 (9,964 
 (12,135 
 
 (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable 
 (4,216 
 (4,117 
 (2,911 
 
 (Increase) decrease in other assets 
 444 
 (109 
 (197 
 
 Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 
 5,265 
 1,984 
 1,043 
 
 Increase (decrease) in deferred revenue 
 14 
 115 
 (463 
 
 Increase (decrease) in accrued interest 
 1,202 
 1,247 
 241 
 
 Increase (decrease) in deferred taxes 
 (230 
 - 
 - 
 
 Increase (decrease) in tenant deposits 
 3 
 65 
 (8 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 82,203 
 61,735 
 44,680 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Acquisition of real estate investments and other assets 
 (319,572 
 (297,868 
 (223,871 
 
 Development of real estate investments and other assets 

(including capitalized interest of 570 in 2017, 210 in 2016, and 39 in 2015) 
 (43,302 
 (27,919 
 (6,970 
 
 Payment of leasing costs 
 (568 
 (686 
 (66 
 
 Cash held in escrows from sale of assets 
 (7,975 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net proceeds from sale of assets 
 44,343 
 28,919 
 28,132 
 
 Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 
 (327,074 
 (297,554 
 (202,775 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from common stock offerings, net 
 222,695 
 228,011 
 92,260 
 
 Repurchase of common shares 
 (1,111 
 (712 
 - 
 
 Unsecured revolving credit facility borrowings 
 203,000 
 252,000 
 161,000 
 
 Unsecured revolving credit facility repayments 
 (203,000 
 (256,000 
 (158,000 
 
 Payments of mortgage notes payable 
 (2,412 
 (31,578 
 (5,178 
 
 Unsecured term loan proceeds 
 - 
 60,283 
 - 
 
 Payments of unsecured term loans 
 (739 
 (239 
 - 
 
 Senior unsecured notes proceeds 
 100,000 
 60,000 
 100,000 
 
 Dividends paid 
 (55,146 
 (42,058 
 (32,992 
 
 Distributions to Non-Controlling Interest 
 (695 
 (657 
 (636 
 
 Debt extinguishment costs 
 - 
 - 
 (150 
 
 Payments for financing costs 
 (309 
 (2,548 
 (896 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 262,283 
 266,502 
 155,408 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 17,412 
 30,683 
 (2,687 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents, beginning of period 
 33,395 
 2,712 
 5,399 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents, end of period 
 50,807 
 33,395 
 2,712 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for interest (net of amounts capitalized) 
 17,331 
 13,822 
 11,548 
 
 Cash paid (refunded) for income tax 
 257 
 153 
 155 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Shares issued under equity
 incentive plans (in dollars) 
 4,298 
 3,517 
 2,864 
 
 Dividends and limited partners'
 distributions declared and unpaid 
 16,303 
 13,124 
 9,758 
 
 Real Estate acquisitions financed with debt assumption 
 21,500 
 - 
 - 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 10 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Note 1 Organization 

Agree
Realty Corporation (the Company ), a Maryland corporation, is a fully integrated real estate investment trust REIT primarily focused on the ownership, acquisition, development and management of retail properties net leased to industry leading
tenants. The Company was founded in 1971 by its current Executive Chairman, Richard Agree, and our common stock was listed on the
New York Stock Exchange NYSE in 1994. 

Our
assets are held by, and all of our operations are conducted through, directly or indirectly, Agree Limited Partnership (the Operating
Partnership ), of which Agree Realty Corporation is the sole general partner and in which it held a 98.8 interest as of
December 31, 2017. Under the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership, Agree Realty Corporation, as the sole general
partner, has exclusive responsibility and discretion in the management and control of the Operating Partnership. 

The
terms Agree Realty, the Company, Management, we, our or us 
refer to Agree Realty Corporation and all of its consolidated subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership. 

Note 2 Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies 

Principles
of Consolidation 

 The
consolidated financial statements of Agree Realty Corporation include the accounts of the Company, the Operating Partnership and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company, as the sole general partner, held 98.8 and 98.7 of the Operating Partnership as of
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. All material intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated. 

Use
of Estimates 

 The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of (1) assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and (2) revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Reclassifications 

 Certain
reclassifications of prior period amounts have been made in the consolidated financial statements and footnotes in order to conform
to the current presentation. Prepaid rents are presented on the Balance Sheet as Deferred Revenue; in previously filed reports
prepaid rents were presented in Accounts Payable - Operating. The classification of below-market lease intangibles are presented
net of accumulated amortization as a Liability; in previously filed reports below-market lease intangibles were presented in Unamortized
Deferred Expenses: Lease Intangibles, net with in-place and above-market lease intangibles. As of December 31, 2017, all fully
amortized deferred credit facility financing costs attributable to the credit facility were written off. 

Segment
Reporting 

 The Company
is primarily in the business of acquiring, developing and managing retail real estate which is considered to be one reporting segment.
The Company has no other reportable segments. 

Real Estate Investments 

 The Company records the acquisition of
real estate at cost, including acquisition and closing costs. For properties developed by the Company, all direct and indirect
costs related to planning, development and construction, including interest, real estate taxes and other miscellaneous costs incurred
during the construction period, are capitalized for financial reporting purposes and recorded as property under development until
construction has been completed. Properties classified as held for sale are recorded at the lower of their carrying
value or their fair value, less anticipated selling costs. Assets are generally classified as held for sale once management has actively engaged in marketing the asset
and has received a firm purchase commitment that is expected to close within one year. 

F- 11 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Accounting for Acquisitions of Real
Estate 

 The acquisition of property for investment
purposes is typically accounted for as an asset acquisition. The Company allocates the purchase price to land, buildings and identified
intangible assets and liabilities, based in each case on their relative estimated fair values and without giving rise to goodwill.
Intangible assets and liabilities represent the value of in-place leases and above- or below-market leases. In making estimates
of fair values, the Company may use a number of sources, including data provided by independent third parties, as well as information
obtained by the Company as a result of its due diligence, including expected future cash flows of the property and various characteristics
of the markets where the property is located. 

In allocating
the fair value of the identified intangible assets and liabilities of an acquired property, in-place lease intangibles are valued
based on the Company s estimates of costs related to tenant acquisition and the carrying costs that would be incurred during
the time it would take to locate a tenant if the property were vacant, considering current market conditions and costs to execute
similar leases at the time of the acquisition. Above- and below-market lease intangibles are recorded based on the present value
of the difference between the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the leases at the time of acquisition and the Company s
estimate of current market lease rates for the property. The capitalized above- and below-market lease intangibles are amortized
over the non-cancelable term of the lease unless the Company believes it is reasonably certain that the tenant will renew the lease
for an option term whereby the Company amortizes the value attributable to the renewal over the renewal period. 

The fair value of identified intangible
assets and liabilities acquired is amortized to depreciation and amortization over the remaining term of the related leases. 

Depreciation 

 The Company s real estate portfolio is
depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated remaining useful life of the properties, which are generally 40 years
for buildings and 10 to 20 years for improvements. Properties classified as held for sale and properties under development
are not depreciated. 

Impairments 

 The Company reviews its real estate investments
periodically for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
Events or circumstances that may occur include, but are not limited to, significant changes in real estate market conditions or
our ability to re-lease or sell properties that are vacant or become vacant. Management determines whether an impairment in value
has occurred by comparing the estimated future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges), including the residual value
of the real estate, with the carrying cost of the individual asset. An asset is considered impaired if its carrying value exceeds
its estimated undiscounted cash flows and an impairment charge is recorded in the amount by which the carrying value of the asset
exceeds its estimated fair value. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and money
market accounts. The account balances periodically exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance
coverage, and as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage.
We had 57.5 million and 32.4 million in cash and cash held in escrow as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively,
in excess of the FDIC insured limit. 

Accounts Receivable Tenants 

 The Company reviews its rent receivables
for collectability on a regular basis, taking into consideration changes in factors such as the tenant s payment history,
the financial condition of the tenant, business conditions in the industry in which the tenant operates and economic conditions
in the area where the property is located. In the event that the collectability of a receivable with respect to any tenant is in
doubt, a provision for uncollectible amounts will be established or a direct write-off of the specific rent receivable will be
made. For accrued rental revenues related to the straight-line method of reporting rental revenue, the Company performs a periodic
review of receivable balances to assess the risk of uncollectible amounts and establish appropriate provisions. 

The Company s leases provide for
reimbursement from tenants for common area maintenance CAM ), insurance, real estate taxes and other operating expenses Operating Cost Reimbursement Revenue ). A portion of our Operating Cost Reimbursement Revenue is estimated each period
and is recognized as revenue in the period the recoverable costs are incurred and accrued. Receivables from Operating Cost Reimbursement
Revenue are included in our Accounts Receivable - Tenants line item in our consolidated balance sheets. The balance of unbilled
Operating Cost Reimbursement Receivable at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 was 1.4 million and 1.1 million, respectively. 

F- 12 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

In addition, many of the Company s
leases contain rent escalations for which we recognize revenue on a straight-line basis over the non-cancelable lease term. This
method results in rental revenue in the early years of a lease being higher than actual cash received, creating a straight-line
rent receivable asset which is included in the Accounts Receivable - Tenants line item in our consolidated balance sheet. The balance
of straight-line rent receivables at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 was 12.9 million and 9.6
million, respectively. To the extent any of the tenants under these leases become unable to pay their contractual cash
rents, the Company may be required to write down the straight-line rent receivable from those tenants, which would reduce operating
income. 

Sales Tax 

 The Company collects various taxes from
tenants and remits these amounts, on a net basis, to the applicable taxing authorities. 

Unamortized Deferred Expenses 

 Deferred expenses include debt financing
costs related to the line of credit, leasing costs and lease intangibles. The expenses are amortized as follows: (i) debt financing
costs related to the line of credit on a straight-line basis to interest expense over the term of the related loan, which approximates
the effective interest method; (ii) leasing costs on a straight-line basis to depreciation and amortization over the term of the
related lease entered into; and (iii) lease intangibles on a straight-line basis to depreciation and amortization over the
remaining term of the related lease acquired. 

The following schedule summarizes the Company s
amortization of deferred expenses for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively (in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2017 
 2016 
 2015 

Credit Facility Financing Costs 
 405 
 228 
 225 
 
 Leasing Costs 
 161 
 124 
 97 
 
 Lease Intangibles (Asset) 
 16,060 
 11,093 
 6,598 
 
 Lease Intangibles (Liability) 
 (4,275 
 (3,083 
 (1,739 
 
 Total 
 12,351 
 8,362 
 5,181 

The following schedule represents estimated
future amortization of deferred expenses as of December 31, 2017 (in thousands): 

Year Ending December 31, 

2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

Credit Facility Financing Costs 
 394 
 380 
 379 
 21 
 - 
 - 
 1,174 
 
 Leasing Costs 
 179 
 221 
 210 
 195 
 208 
 570 
 1,583 
 
 Lease Intangibles (Asset) 
 20,151 
 19,383 
 18,917 
 18,241 
 17,161 
 101,305 
 195,158 
 
 Lease Intangibles (Liability) 
 (4,403 
 (4,329 
 (4,229 
 (3,944 
 (3,044 
 (10,401 
 (30,350 
 
 Total 
 16,321 
 15,655 
 15,277 
 14,513 
 14,325 
 91,474 
 167,565 

Revenue Recognition 

 The Company leases real estate to its tenants
under long-term net leases which we account for as operating leases. Under this method, leases that have fixed and determinable
rent increases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Rental increases based upon changes in the consumer
price indexes, or other variable factors, are recognized only after changes in such factors have occurred and are then applied
according to the lease agreements. Certain leases also provide for additional rent based on tenants sales volumes. These
rents are recognized when determinable after the tenant exceeds a sales breakpoint. Contractually obligated reimbursements from
tenants for recoverable real estate taxes and operating expenses are generally included in operating costs reimbursement in the
period when such expenses are recorded. 

F- 13 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Earnings per Share 

 Earnings
per share have been computed by dividing the net income (less income attributable to unvested restricted stock), by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding (less unvested restricted stock). Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing
net income (less income attributable to unvested restricted stock), by the weighted average common and potentially dilutive common
shares outstanding in accordance with the treasury stock method. 

The
following is a reconciliation of the denominator of the basic net earnings per common share computation to the denominator of the
diluted net earnings per common share computation for each of the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 
 27,852,231 
 23,096,267 
 18,215,628 
 
 Less: Unvested restricted stock 
 (227,129 
 (227,531 
 (212,506 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding used in basic earnings per share 
 27,625,102 
 22,868,736 
 18,003,122 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding used in basic earnings per share 
 27,625,102 
 22,868,736 
 18,003,122 
 
 Effect of dilutive securities: restricted stock 
 75,245 
 91,063 
 62,293 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding used in diluted earnings per share 
 27,700,347 
 22,959,799 
 18,065,415 

Income Taxes 

 The Company has made an election to be
taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code and related regulations. The Company generally will not be subject to federal income taxes on amounts distributed to stockholders,
providing it distributes 100 of its REIT taxable income and meets certain other requirements for qualifying as a REIT. For each
of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2017, the Company believes it has qualified as a REIT. Notwithstanding
the Company s qualification for taxation as a REIT, the Company is subject to certain state taxes on its income and real
estate. 

The Company and its taxable REIT subsidiaries TRS have made a timely TRS election pursuant to the provisions of the REIT Modernization Act. A TRS is able to
engage in activities resulting in income that previously would have been disqualified from being eligible REIT income under the
federal income tax regulations. As a result, certain activities of the Company which occur within its TRS entity are subject to
federal and state income taxes (See Note 7). All provisions for federal income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements are attributable to the Company s TRS. 

Fair
Values of Financial Instruments 

 The Company s estimates of fair value
of financial and non-financial assets and liabilities are based on the framework established in the fair value accounting guidance.
The framework specifies a hierarchy of valuation inputs which was established to increase consistency, clarity and comparability
in fair value measurements and related disclosures. The guidance describes a fair value hierarchy based upon three levels of inputs
that may be used to measure fair value, two of which are considered observable and one that is considered unobservable. The following
describes the three levels: 

Level 1 
 Valuation is based upon quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 
 Valuation is based upon inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 
 Valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques. 

F- 14 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 In August 2017, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board FASB issued ASU No. 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements
to Accounting for Hedging Activities ASU 2017-12 ). The objective of ASU 2017-12 is to expand hedge accounting
for both financial (interest rate) and commodity risks, and create more transparency around how economic results are presented,
both on the face of the financial statements and in the footnotes. ASU 2017-12 will be effective for public business entities for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods in the year of adoption. Early adoption is permitted
for any interim or annual period. The Company is in the process of determining the impact that the implementation of ASU 2017-12
will have on the Company s financial statements. 

In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting ASU 2017-09 ). The
objective of ASU 2017-09 is to provide guidance on determining which changes to the terms and conditions of share-based payment
awards require an entity to apply modification accounting under Topic 718. ASU 2017-09 will be effective for public business entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods in the year of adoption. Early adoption is permitted
for any interim or annual period. The Company has evaluated the impact that ASU 2017-09 will have on the Company s financial
statements, and concluded the implementation of ASU 2017-09 has no material impact on the financial statements. 

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-01, Business Combinations: Clarifying the Definition of a Business ASU 2017-01 ). The objective
of ASU 2017-01 is to clarify the definition of a business by adding guidance on how entities should evaluate whether transactions
should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The definition of a business affects many areas
of accounting including acquisitions, disposals, goodwill, and consolidation. ASU 2017-01 will be effective for public business
entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods in the year of adoption. Early adoption
is permitted for any interim or annual period. The Company has early adopted and the guidance has no material impact on the financial
statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02 Leases ASU 2016-02 ). The new standard creates Topic 842, Leases, in FASB Accounting Standards
Codification (FASB ASC) and supersedes FASB ASC 840, Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to recognize the assets and
liabilities that arise from leases (operating and finance). However, for leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted
to make an accounting policy election to not recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. The main difference between the existing
guidance on accounting for leases and the new standard is that operating leases will now be recorded in the statement of financial
position as assets and liabilities. The new standard requires lessors to account for leases using an approach that is substantially
equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases and operating leases. ASU 2016-02 is expected to impact the Company s
consolidated financial statements as the Company has certain operating land lease arrangements for which it is the lessee. GAAP
requires only capital (finance) leases to be recognized in the statement of financial position, and amounts related to operating
leases largely are reflected in the financial statements as rent expense on the income statement and in disclosures to the financial
statements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual reporting periods (including interim periods within those annual periods) beginning
after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has engaged a professional services firm to assist in the implementation
of ASU 2016-02. The Company anticipates that its retail leases where it is the lessor will continue to be accounted for as operating
leases under the new standard. Therefore, the Company does not currently anticipate significant changes in the accounting for its
lease revenues. The Company is also the lessee under various land lease arrangements and it will be required to recognize right
of use assets and related lease liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets upon adoption. The Company will continue to evaluate
the impact of adopting the new leases standard on its consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and consolidated
balance sheets. 

In May 2014, with subsequent updates issued
in August 2015 and March, April and May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606) ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 was developed to enable financial statement users to better understand the
nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The update s core
principle is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Companies are
to use a five-step contract review model to ensure revenue is recognized, measured and disclosed in accordance with this principle.
Those steps are (i) identify the contract with the customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine
the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract, and (v) recognize revenue
when or as the entity satisfies a performance obligation. 

F- 15 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

The Company has identified four main revenue
streams of which three of them originate from lease contracts and will be subject to Leases ASU 2016-02, Topic 842 effective for
annual reporting periods (including interim periods) beginning after December 15, 2018. The revenue streams are: 

Revenue Recognition (ASU 2014-09, Topic
610-20): 

Gain (loss) on sale of real estate properties 

Leases (ASU 2016-02, Topic 842): 

Rental revenues 

Straight line rents 

Tenant recoveries 

As of January 1, 2018, the Company will
be accounting for the sale of real estate properties under Subtopic 610-20 which provides for revenue recognition based on
transfer of ownership. All properties were non-financial real estate assets and thus not businesses which were sold to
non-customers with no performance obligations. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company sold real estate
properties for net proceeds of 44.3 million, and a recorded net gain of 14.2 million. 

Management
has concluded that all of the Company s material revenue streams falls outside of the scope of this guidance and
currently recognizes revenue from its contracts with customers at a point in time and does not anticipate any changes. The
Company intends to implement the standard under the modified retrospective method and does not anticipate any cumulative
effect recognized in retained earnings at the date of adoption (January 1, 2018). 

Note 3 Real
Estate Investments 

Real Estate
Portfolio 

 As of December
31, 2017, the Company owned 436 properties, with a total gross leasable area of approximately 8.7 million square feet. Net Real
Estate Investments totaled 1.2 billion as of December 31, 2017. As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned 366 properties, with
a total gross leasable area of 7.0 million square feet. Net Real Estate Investments totaled 950.3 million as of December 31, 2016. 

Tenant Leases 

 The properties
that the Company owns are typically leased to tenants under long term operating leases. The leases are generally net leases which
typically require the tenant to be responsible for minimum monthly rent and property operating expenses including property taxes,
insurance and maintenance. Certain of our properties are subject to leases under which we retain responsibility for specific costs
and expenses of the property. The leases typically provide the tenant with one or more multi-year renewal options subject to generally
the same terms and conditions, including rent increases, consistent with the initial lease term. 

As of December
31, 2017, the future minimum lease payments to be received under the terms of all non-cancellable tenant leases is as follows (in
thousands): 

For the Year Ending December 31, 

2018 
 114,983 
 
 2019 
 114,338 
 
 2020 
 112,189 
 
 2021 
 108,576 
 
 2022 
 104,531 
 
 Thereafter 
 682,299 
 
 Total 
 1,236,916 

F- 16 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Since lease renewal
periods are exercisable at the option of the tenant, the above table only presents future minimum lease payments due during the
current lease terms. In addition, this table does not include amounts for potential variable rent increases that are based on the
Consumer Price Index CPI or future contingent rents which may be received on the leases based on a percentage of
the tenant s gross sales. 

Of these future minimum
rents, approximately 6.5 of the total is attributable to Walgreens as of December 31, 2017. The loss of this tenant or the inability
of them to pay rent could have an adverse effect on the Company s business. 

Deferred
Revenue 

 As of December
31, 2017, and December 31, 2016, there was 1.8 million and 1.8 million, respectively, in deferred revenues resulting from rents
paid in advance. 

In July 2004,
the Company s tenant in a joint venture property located in Boynton Beach, FL repaid 4.0 million that had been contributed
by the Company s joint venture partner. As a result of this repayment, the Company became the sole member of the limited
liability company holding the property. Total assets of the property were approximately 4.0 million. The Company has treated the
 4.0 million as deferred revenue and accordingly, will recognize rental income over the term of the related leases. The remaining
deferred revenue for the Boynton Beach, FL property was fully recognized in 2016. 

Land Lease
Obligations 

 The Company is
subject to land lease agreements for certain of its properties. Land lease expense was 0.7 million, 0.7 million, and 0.6 million
for the years ending December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of December 31, 2017, future annual lease commitments under
these agreements are as follows (in thousands): 

For the Year Ending December 31, 

2018 
 641 
 
 2019 
 634 
 
 2020 
 632 
 
 2021 
 588 
 
 2022 
 505 
 
 Thereafter 
 7,342 
 
 Total 
 10,342 

Acquisitions 

 During 2017, the Company
purchased 79 retail net lease assets for approximately 338.0 million, including acquisition and closing costs. These properties
are located in 27 states and 100 leased to 49 different tenants operating in 22 unique retail sectors for a weighted average lease
term of approximately 11.1 years. None of the Company s investments during 2017 caused any new or existing tenant to comprise
10 or more of the Company s total assets or generate 10 or more of the Company s total annualized base rent at December
31, 2017. 

The aggregate 2017 acquisitions were allocated
approximately 94.1 million to land, 172.0 million to buildings and improvements, and 71.9 million to lease intangibles and other
assets. The acquisitions were substantially all cash purchases and there was no contingent consideration associated with these
acquisitions. In one acquisition, the Company assumed debt of 21.5 million. 

During 2016, the Company
purchased 82 retail net lease assets for approximately 295.6 million, including acquisition and closing costs. These properties
are located in 27 states and 100 leased to 49 different tenants operating in 22 unique retail sectors for a weighted average lease
term of approximately 10.7 years. None of the Company s investments during 2016 caused any new or existing tenant to comprise
10 or more of the Company s total assets or generate 10 or more of the Company s total annualized base rent at December
31, 2016. 

F- 17 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

The aggregate 2016 acquisitions were allocated
approximately 84.3 million to land, 170.0 million to buildings and improvements, and 41.3 million to lease intangibles and other
assets. The acquisitions were substantially all cash purchases and there was no contingent consideration associated with these
acquisitions. 

Developments 

 During the fourth quarter of 2017, construction
continued or commenced on seven development and Partner Capital Solutions PCS projects with anticipated total project
costs of approximately 41.3 million. The projects consist of the Company s first PCS project with Art Van Furniture in Canton,
Michigan; four development projects with Mister Car Wash; one Burger King development in North Ridgeville, Ohio; and the Company s
third project with Camping World in Grand Rapids, Michigan. 

During the twelve months ended December
31, 2017, the Company had 11 development or PCS projects completed or under construction. Anticipated total costs for those projects
are approximately 62.7 million and include the following completed or commenced projects: 

Tenant 
 Location 
 Lease Structure 
 Lease 
 Term 
 Actual or 
 Anticipated Rent 
Commencement 
 Status 
 
 Camping World 
 Tyler, TX 
 Build-to-Suit 
 20 Years 
 Q1 2017 
 Completed 
 
 Burger King(1) 
 Heber, UT 
 Build-to-Suit 
 20 Years 
 Q1 2017 
 Completed 
 
 Camping World 
 Georgetown, KY 
 Build-to-Suit 
 20 Years 
 Q2 2017 
 Completed 
 
 Orchard Supply 
 Boynton Beach, FL 
 Build-to-Suit 
 15 Years 
 Q3 2017 
 Completed 
 
 Mister Car Wash 
 Urbandale, IA 
 Build-to-Suit 
 20 years 
 Q1 2018 
 Under Construction 
 
 Mister Car Wash 
 Bernalillo, NM 
 Build-to-Suit 
 20 years 
 Q1 2018 
 Under Construction 
 
 Art Van Furniture 
 Canton, MI 
 Build-to-Suit 
 20 years 
 Q1 2018 
 Under Construction 
 
 Burger King(2) 
 North Ridgeville, OH 
 Build-to-Suit 
 20 years 
 Q1 2018 
 Under Construction 
 
 Camping World 
 Grand Rapids, MI 
 Build-to-Suit 
 20 years 
 Q2 2018 
 Under Construction 
 
 Mister Car Wash 
 Orlando, FL 
 Build-to-Suit 
 20 years 
 Q3 2018 
 Under Construction 
 
 Mister Car Wash 
 Tavares, FL 
 Build-to-Suit 
 20 years 
 Q3 2018 
 Under Construction 

Notes: 

 (1) Franchise restaurant operated by Meridian
Restaurants Unlimited, L.C. 

 (2) Franchise restaurant operated by TOMS
King, LLC. 

F- 18 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Dispositions 

 During
2017, the Company sold real estate properties for net proceeds of 44.3 million and a recorded net gain of 14.2 million (net of
any expected losses on real estate held for sale). 

During 2016, the
Company sold real estate properties for net proceeds of 27.9 million and a recorded net gain of 10.0 million (net of any expected
losses on real estate held for sale). 

During 2015, the
Company sold real estate properties for net proceeds of 28.1 million and a recorded net gain of 12.1 million (net of any expected
losses on real estate held for sale). 

Impairments 

 As
a result of our review of Real Estate Investments we did not recognize any real estate impairment charges for the years ended December
31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. 

Note 4 Debt 

In April 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-03,
which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction
from the gross carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. We adopted ASU 2015-03, effective March
31, 2016, and applied the guidance retrospectively to our Mortgage Notes Payable, Unsecured Term Loans and Senior Unsecured Notes
for all periods presented. Unamortized debt issuance costs of approximately 2.8 million and 3.1 million are included as an offset
to the respective debt balances as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively (previously included in Unamortized Deferred Expenses
on our Consolidated Balance Sheets). 

As of December 31, 2017, we had total indebtedness
of 522.4 million, including (i) 89.1 million of mortgage notes payable; (ii) 159.3 million of unsecured term loans; (iii) 260.0
million of senior unsecured notes; and (iv) 14.0 million of borrowings under our Credit Facility. 

Mortgage Notes Payable 

 As of December 31, 2017,
the Company had total gross mortgage indebtedness of 89.1 million which was collateralized by related real estate and tenants 
leases with an aggregate net book value of 142.1 million. Including mortgages that have been swapped to a fixed interest rate,
the weighted average interest rate on the Company s mortgage notes payable was 3.74 as of December 31, 2017 and 3.97 as
of December 31, 2016. 

In December 2017, the Company assumed an
interest only mortgage note for 21.5 million with PNC Bank, National Association in connection with an acquisition. The
mortgage note is due October 2019, secured by a multi-tenant property and has a fixed interest rate of 3.32 . 

F- 19 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Mortgages payable consisted of the following: 

December 31, 2017 
 December 31, 2016 
 
 (not presented in thousands) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Note payable in monthly installments of interest only at LIBOR plus 160 basis points, swapped to a fixed rate of 2.49 with a balloon payment due April 4, 2018 
 25,000 
 25,000 

Note payable in monthly installments of interest only at 3.32 per annum, with a balloon payment due October 2019 
 21,500 
 - 

Note payable in monthly installments of 153,838, including interest at 6.90 per annum, with the final monthly payment due January 2020 
 3,573 
 5,114 

Note payable in monthly installments of 23,004, including interest at 6.24 per annum, with a balloon payment of 2,781,819 due February 2020 
 2,963 
 3,049 

Note payable in monthly installments of interest only at 3.60 per annum, with a balloon payment due January 1, 2023 
 23,640 
 23,640 

Note payable in monthly installments of 35,673, including interest at 5.01 per annum, with a balloon payment of 4,034,627 due September 2023 
 5,131 
 5,294 

Note payable in monthly installments of 91,675 including interest at 6.27 per annum, with a final monthly payment due July 2026 
 7,288 
 7,910 

Total principal 
 89,095 
 70,007 
 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 (825 
 (940 
 
 Total 
 88,270 
 69,067 

The mortgage loans encumbering our properties
are generally non-recourse, subject to certain exceptions for which we would be liable for any resulting losses incurred by the
lender. These exceptions vary from loan to loan, but generally include fraud or material misrepresentations, misstatements or omissions
by the borrower, intentional or grossly negligent conduct by the borrower that harms the property or results in a loss to the lender,
filing of a bankruptcy petition by the borrower, either directly or indirectly, and certain environmental liabilities. At December
31, 2017, there were no mortgage loans with partial recourse to us. 

We have entered into mortgage loans which
are secured by multiple properties and contain cross-default and cross-collateralization provisions. Cross-collateralization provisions
allow a lender to foreclose on multiple properties in the event that we default under the loan. Cross-default provisions allow
a lender to foreclose on the related property in the event a default is declared under another loan. 

The Company was in compliance with covenant
terms for all mortgages payable at December 31, 2017. 

F- 20 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Senior Unsecured Notes 

 The
following table presents the Senior Unsecured Notes balance net of unamortized debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2017, and
2016 (in thousands): 

December 31, 2017 
 December 31, 2016 

2025 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 
 2027 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 
 2028 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 60,000 
 60,000 
 
 2029 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 100,000 
 - 
 
 Total Principal 
 260,000 
 160,000 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 (878 
 (824 
 
 Total 
 259,122 
 159,176 

In May 2015, the Company completed a private
placement of 100.0 million principal amount of senior unsecured notes. The senior unsecured notes were sold in two series; 50.0
million of 4.16 notes due May 2025 and 50.0 million of 4.26 notes due May 2027. The weighted average term of the senior unsecured
notes is 11 years and the weighted average interest rate is 4.21 . 

In July 2016, the Company
entered into a note purchase agreement with institutional purchasers. Pursuant to the note purchase agreement, the Operating Partnership
completed a private placement of 60.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.42 senior unsecured notes due July 2028. The
senior unsecured notes were sold only to institutional investors and did not involve a public offering in reliance on the exemption
from registration in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

In August 2017, the Company
entered into a note purchase agreement with institutional purchasers. Pursuant to the note purchase agreement, the Operating Partnership
completed a private placement of 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.19 senior unsecured notes due September 2029.
The senior unsecured notes are guaranteed by the Company. The closing of the private placement was consummated in September 2017;
and, on that date, the Operating Partnership issued the senior unsecured notes. The senior unsecured notes were sold only to institutional
investors and did not involve a public offering in reliance on the exemption from registration in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. 

Unsecured Term Loan Facilities 

 The following table presents the Unsecured
Term Loans balance net of unamortized debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (in thousands): 

December 31, 2017 
 December 31, 2016 

2019 Term Loan 
 19,304 
 20,044 
 
 2023 Term Loan 
 40,000 
 40,000 
 
 2024 Term Loans 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 
 Total Principal 
 159,304 
 160,044 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 (1,133 
 (1,365 
 
 Total 
 158,171 
 158,679 

The amended and restated credit agreement,
described below, extended the maturity dates of the 65.0 million unsecured term loan facility and 35.0 million unsecured term
loan facility (together, the 2024 Term Loan Facilities to January 2024. In connection with entering into the amended
and restated credit agreement, the prior notes evidencing the existing 65.0 million unsecured term loan facility and 35.0 million
unsecured term loan facility were canceled and new notes evidencing the 2024 Term Loan Facilities were executed. Borrowings under
the unsecured 2024 Term Loan Facilities bear interest at a variable LIBOR plus 165 to 235 basis points, depending on the Company's
leverage ratio. The Company utilized existing interest rate swaps to effectively fix the LIBOR rate (refer to Note 8 Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activity). 

F- 21 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

In July 2016, the Company completed a 40.0
million unsecured term loan facility that matures July 2023 (the 2023 Term Loan ). Borrowings under the 2023
Term Loan are priced at LIBOR plus 165 to 225 basis points, depending on the Company s leverage. The Company entered into
an interest rate swap to fix LIBOR at 140 basis points until maturity. As of December 31, 2017, 40.0 million was outstanding
under the 2023 Term Loan, which was subject to an all-in interest rate of 3.05 . 

In August 2016, the Company
entered into a 20.3 million unsecured amortizing term loan that matures May 2019 (the 2019 Term Loan ). Borrowings
under the 2019 Term Loan are priced at LIBOR plus 170 basis points. In order to fix LIBOR on the 2019 Term Loan at 1.92 until
maturity, the Company had an interest rate swap agreement in place, which was assigned by the lender under the Mortgage Note to
the 2019 Term Loan lender. As of December 31, 2017, 19.3 million was outstanding under the 2019 Term Loan bearing an all-in
interest rate of 3.62 . 

Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit
Facility 

 In December 2016, the Company amended and restated
the credit agreement that governs the Company's senior unsecured revolving credit facility and the Company's unsecured term loan
facility to increase the aggregate borrowing capacity to 350.0 million. The agreement provides for a 250.0 million unsecured
revolving credit facility, a 65.0 million unsecured term loan facility and a 35.0 million unsecured term loan facility (Referenced
above as 2024 Term Loan Facilities). The unsecured revolving credit facility matures January 2021 with options to extend the maturity
date to January 2022. The 2024 Term Loan Facilities mature January 2024. The Company has the ability to increase the aggregate
borrowing capacity under the credit agreement up to 500.0 million, subject to lender approval. Borrowings under the revolving
credit facility bear interest at LIBOR plus 130 to 195 basis points, depending on the Company s leverage ratio. Additionally,
the Company is required to pay an unused commitment fee at an annual rate of 15 or 25 basis points of the unused portion of the
revolving credit facility, depending on the amount of borrowings outstanding. The credit agreement contains certain financial covenants,
including a maximum leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, and a maximum percentage of secured debt to total asset
value. As of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, the Company had 14.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the revolving
credit facility, respectively, bearing weighted average interest rates of approximately 2.6 and 1.9 , respectively. As of December
31, 2017, 236.0 million was available for borrowing under the revolving credit facility and the Company was in compliance with
the credit agreement covenants. 

Concurrent with the amendment and restatement
of the Company s senior unsecured revolving credit facility, conforming changes were made to the 2023 Term Loan and 2019
Term Loan. 

Debt Maturities 

The following table presents scheduled
principal payments related to our debt as of December 31, 2017 (in thousands): 

Scheduled 
 Balloon 

Principal 
 Payment 
 Total 
 
 2018 
 3,336 
 25,000 
 28,336 
 
 2019 
 2,751 
 40,044 
 42,795 
 
 2020 
 1,092 
 2,775 
 3,867 
 
 2021 (1) 
 998 
 14,000 
 14,998 
 
 2022 
 1,060 
 - 
 1,060 
 
 Thereafter 
 3,687 
 427,656 
 431,343 
 
 Total 
 12,924 
 509,475 
 522,399 

(1) The balloon payment balance includes the balance outstanding
under the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2017. The Credit Facility matures in January 2021, with options to extend the maturity
for one year at the Company s election, subject to certain conditions. 

F- 22 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Note 5 Common
Stock 

In April 2017, the Company entered into
a new 200.0 million at-the-market equity program ATM program through which the Company may, from time to time,
sell shares of common stock. The Company uses the proceeds generated from its ATM program for general corporate purposes, including
funding our investment activity, the repayment or refinancing of outstanding indebtedness, working capital and other general purposes. 

During the year ended December 31, 2017, the
Company issued 2,368,359 shares of common stock under its ATM program at an average price of 49.17, realizing gross proceeds of
approximately 116.5 million. The Company had approximately 83.5 million remaining under the ATM program as of December 31, 2017. 

In May 2017, the Company filed an automatic
shelf registration statement on Form S-3, registering an unspecified amount at an indeterminant aggregate initial offering price
of common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares and warrants. The Company may periodically offer one or more of these securities
in amounts, prices and on terms to be announced when and if these securities are offered. The specifics of any future offerings,
along with the use of proceeds of any securities offered, will be described in detail in a prospectus supplement, or other offering
materials, at the time of any offering. 

In June 2017, the Company completed a follow-on
underwritten offering of 2,415,000 shares of common stock. The offering, which included the full exercise of the overallotment
option by the underwriters, raised net proceeds of approximately 108.0 million, after deducting the underwriting discount. The
proceeds from the offering were used to repay borrowings under our revolving credit facility to fund property acquisitions and
for general corporate purposes. 

In October 2016, under a previously filed
shelf registration, the Company completed a follow-on underwritten offering of 2,087,250 shares of common stock. The
offering, which included the full exercise of the overallotment option by the underwriters, raised net proceeds of
approximately 95.0 million after deducting the underwriting discount. The proceeds from the offering were used to repay
borrowings under our revolving credit facility to fund property acquisitions and for general corporate purposes. 

In May 2016, under a previously
filed shelf registration, the Company completed a follow-on underwritten offering of 2,875,000 shares of common stock. The
offering, which included the full exercise of the overallotment option by the underwriters, raised net proceeds of
approximately 109.6 million after deducting the underwriting discount. The proceeds from the offering were used to repay
borrowings under our revolving credit facility to fund property acquisitions and for general corporate purposes. 

Note 6 Dividends
and Distribution Payable 

The Company declared dividends of 2.025,
 1.920 and 1.845 per share during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015; the dividends have been reflected for federal
income tax purposes as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Ordinary Income 
 1.695 
 1.557 
 1.519 
 
 Return of Capital 
 0.330 
 0.363 
 0.326 

Total 
 2.025 
 1.920 
 1.845 

On December 5, 2017, the Company declared
a dividend of 0.520 per share for the quarter ended December 31, 2017. The holders Operating Partnership Units were entitled to
an equal distribution per Operating Partnership Unit held as of December 20, 2017. The dividends and distributions payable are
recorded as liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2017. The dividend has been reflected as a
reduction of stockholders' equity and the distribution has been reflected as a reduction of the limited partners' non-controlling
interest. These amounts were paid on January 3, 2018. 

F- 23 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Note 7 Income
Taxes (not presented in thousands) 

The Company is subject to the provisions
of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification 740-10 FASB ASC 740-10 and has analyzed
its various federal and state filing positions. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions are documented
and supported. Additionally, the Company believes that its accruals for tax liabilities are adequate. Therefore, no reserves for
uncertain income tax positions have been recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 740-10. The Company s Federal income tax returns are
open for examination by taxing authorities for all tax years after December 31, 2014. The Company has elected to record related
interest and penalties, if any, as income tax expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 

For income tax purposes, the Company has
certain TRS entities that have been established and in which certain real estate activities are conducted. 

As
of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had accrued a deferred income tax liability in the amount of 475,000
and 705,000, respectively. This deferred income tax balance represents the federal and state tax effect of deferring income
tax in 2007 on the sale of an asset under section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code. This transaction was accrued within the
TRS entities described above. During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company recognized net federal and
state tax expense of approximately 227,000 and 157,000, respectively, which are included in general and
administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted
comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ). The Tax Act makes
broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code that will affect 2017, including but not limited to reducing the U.S. federal corporate
rate from 35 percent to 21 percent. In connection with our initial analysis of the impact of the Tax Act, we have recorded a discrete
net tax benefit related to one of the Company s TRS entities reducing the deferred income tax liability by 230,000 in
the period ending December 31, 2017. This is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive income. 

Note 8 Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activity 

The Company is exposed to certain risks arising
from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business
and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risk, including interest
rate, liquidity and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources and duration of its debt funding and, to a limited extent,
the use of derivative instruments. For additional information regarding the leveling of our derivatives, (refer to Note 10 
Fair Value Measurements.) 

The Company s objective in using
interest rate derivatives is to manage its exposure to interest rate movements and add stability to interest expense. To accomplish
this objective, the Company uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps
designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making
fixed rate payments over the life of the agreement without exchange of the underlying notional amount. 

In April 2012, the Company entered
into an amortizing forward-starting interest rate swap agreement to hedge against changes in future cash flows resulting from
changes in interest rates on 22.3 million in variable-rate borrowings. Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement,
the Company receives from the counterparty interest on the notional amount based on 1 month LIBOR and pays to the
counterparty a fixed rate of 1.92 . The notional amount as of December 31, 2017 is 19.3 million. This swap effectively
converted 22.3 million of variable-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings from July 1, 2013 to May 1, 2019. As of December
31, 2017, this interest rate swap was valued as a liability of approximately 0.0 million. 

In December 2012, the Company entered into
interest rate swap agreements to hedge against changes in future cash flows resulting from changes in interest rates on 25.0 million
in variable-rate borrowings. Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives from the counterparty interest
on the notional amount based on 1 month LIBOR and pays to the counterparty a fixed rate of 0.89 . This swap effectively converted
 25.0 million of variable-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings from December 6, 2012 to April 4, 2018. As of December 31, 2017,
this interest rate swap was valued as an asset of approximately 0.0 million. 

F- 24 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

In September 2013, the Company entered
into an interest rate swap agreement to hedge against changes in future cash flows resulting from changes in interest rates on
 35.0 million in variable-rate borrowings. Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives from the counterparty
interest on the notional amount based on 1 month LIBOR and pays to the counterparty a fixed rate of 2.20 . This swap effectively
converted 35.0 million of variable-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings from October 3, 2013 to September 29, 2020. As of
December 31, 2017, this interest rate swap was valued as a liability of approximately 0.2 million. 

In July 2014, the Company entered into
interest rate swap agreements to hedge against changes in future cash flows resulting from changes in interest rates on 65.0 million
in variable-rate borrowings. Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives from the counterparty interest
on the notional amount based on 1 month LIBOR and pays to the counterparty a fixed rate of 2.09 . This swap effectively converted
 65.0 million of variable-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings from July 21, 2014 to July 21, 2021. As of December 31, 2017,
this interest rate swap was valued as a liability of approximately 0.1 million. 

In September 2016, the Company entered into
an interest rate swap agreement to hedge against changes in future cash flows resulting from changes in interest rates on 40.0
million in variable-rate borrowings. Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives from the counterparty
interest on the notional amount based on 1 month LIBOR and pays to the counterparty a fixed rate of 1.40 . This swap effectively
converted 40.0 million of variable-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings from August 1, 2016 to July 1, 2023. As of December
31, 2017, this interest rate swap was valued as an asset of approximately 1.5 million. 

Companies are required to recognize all
derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet. The Company has designated these derivative
instruments as cash flow hedges. As such, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivatives designated, and
that qualify as cash flow hedges, is recorded as a component of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). The ineffective portion of the
change in fair value of the derivative instrument is recognized directly in interest expense. For the years ended December 31,
2017 and 2016, the Company has not recorded any hedge ineffectiveness in earnings. Amounts in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
(Loss) related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s variable-rate
debt. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that an additional 0.2 million will be reclassified as an increase
to interest expense. 

The Company had the following outstanding
interest rate derivatives that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk (in thousands, except number of instruments): 

Number of Instruments 
 Notional 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 December 31, 
 December 31, 
 
 Interest Rate Derivatives 
 2017 
 2016 
 2017 
 2016 

Interest Rate Swap 
 5 
 5 
 184,304 
 185,044 

The table below presents the estimated
fair value of the Company s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification in the consolidated balance
sheets (in thousands). 

F- 25 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Asset Derivatives 

December 31, 2017 
 December 31, 2016 

Fair Value 
 Fair Value 
 
 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: 

Interest Rate Swaps 
 1,592 
 1,409 

Liability Derivatives 

December 31, 2017 
 December 31, 2016 

Fair Value 
 Fair Value 
 
 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: 

Interest Rate Swaps 
 242 
 1,994 

The table below presents the effect of
the Company s derivative financial instruments in the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive loss
for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 (in thousands). 

Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
 Amount of Income/(Loss) Recognized in OCI
 on Derivative (Effective Portion) 
 Location of Income/(Loss) Reclassifed from Accumulated
 OCI into Income (Effective Portion) 
 Amount of Income/(Loss) Reclassified from
 Accumulated OCI into Expense (Effective Portion) 

Twelve months ended December 31 
 2017 
 2016 
 
 2017 
 2016 

Interest rate swaps 
 1,935 
 2,618 
 Interest Expense 
 (1,495 
 (2,493 

The Company does not use derivative instruments
for trading or other speculative purposes and did not have any other derivative instruments or hedging activities as of December
31, 2017. 

Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 

The Company has agreements with two of
its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where the Company could be declared in default on its derivative obligations
if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated by the lender due to the Company's default on the indebtedness. 

As of December 31, 2017, the fair value
of derivatives in a net liability position related to these agreements, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment
for nonperformance risk, was 0.2 million. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has not posted any collateral related to these
net liability positions. If the Company had breached any of these provisions as of December 31, 2017, it could have been required
to settle its obligations under the agreements at their termination value of 0.2 million. 

Although the derivative contracts are subject
to master netting arrangements, which serve as credit mitigants to both us and our counterparties under certain situations, we
do not net our derivative fair values or any existing rights or obligations to cash collateral on the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 26 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

The table below presents a gross presentation
of the effects of offsetting and a net presentation of the Company s derivatives as of December 31, 2017 and December 31,
2016. The gross amounts of derivative assets or liabilities can be reconciled to the Tabular Disclosure of Fair Values of Derivative
Instruments above, which also provides the location that derivative assets and liabilities are presented on the consolidated balance
sheets (in thousands): 

Offsetting of Derivative Assets 

As of December 31, 2017 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of Financial Position 

Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets 
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement
 of Financial Position 
 Net Amounts of Assets presented in the
 statement of Financial Position 
 Financial Instruments 
 Cash Collateral Received 
 Net Amount 
 
 Derivatives 
 1,592 
 - 
 1,592 
 (42 
 - 
 1,550 

Offsetting of Derivative Liabilities 

As of December 31, 2017 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of Financial Position 

Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities 
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement
 of Financial Position 
 Net Amounts of Liabilities presented
 in the statement of Financial Position 
 Financial Instruments 
 Cash Collateral Received 
 Net Amount 
 
 Derivatives 
 242 
 - 
 242 
 (42 
 - 
 200 

Offsetting of Derivative Assets 

As of December 31, 2016 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of Financial Position 

Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets 
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement
 of Financial Position 
 Net Amounts of Assets presented in the
 statement of Financial Position 
 Financial Instruments 
 Cash Collateral Received 
 Net Amount 
 
 Derivatives 
 1,409 
 - 
 1,409 
 (50 
 - 
 1,359 

Offsetting of Derivative Liabilities 

As of December 31, 2016 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of Financial Position 

Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities 
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement
 of Financial Position 
 Net Amounts of Liabilities presented
 in the statement of Financial Position 
 Financial Instruments 
 Cash Collateral Received 
 Net Amount 
 
 Derivatives 
 1,994 
 - 
 1,994 
 (50 
 - 
 1,944 

Note 9 Discontinued
Operations 

There were no properties classified as discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016
and 2015. 

F- 27 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Note 10 
Fair Value Measurements 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair
Value 

 The Company accounts for fair values in
accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure (ASC 820). ASC 820
defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. 
ASC 820 applies to reported balances that are required or permitted to be measured at fair value under existing accounting pronouncements;
accordingly, the standard does not require any new fair value measurements of reported balances. 

ASC 820 emphasizes that fair value is a
market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. Therefore, a fair value measurement should be determined based
on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis for considering market
participant assumptions in fair value measurements, ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market
participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that
are classified within Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant
assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy). 

Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Level 2 inputs are inputs other
than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs
may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, as well as inputs that are observable for the asset
or liability (other than quoted prices), such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and yield curves that are observable at
commonly quoted intervals. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are typically based on an entity s
own assumptions, as there is little, if any, related market activity. In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement
is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire
fair value measurement falls, is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires
judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

Currently, the Company uses interest rate
swap agreements to manage its interest rate risk. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation
techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual
terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. 

To comply with the provisions of ASC 820,
the Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective
counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts
for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements,
such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees. 

Although the Company has determined that
the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation
adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the
likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. However, as of December 31, 2017, the Company has assessed the significance
of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that
the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Company
has determined that its derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

F- 28 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

The table below presents the Company s
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (in thousands): 

Total Fair Value 
 Level 2 
 
 December 31, 2017 

Derivative assets - interest rate swaps 
 1,592 
 1,592 
 
 Derivative liabilities - interest rate swaps 
 242 
 242 

December 31, 2016 

Derivative assets - interest rate swaps 
 1,409 
 1,409 
 
 Derivative liabilities - interest rate swaps 
 1,994 
 1,994 

The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents,
receivables and accounts payable and accrued liabilities are reasonable estimates of their fair values because of the short maturity
of these financial instruments. 

The Company estimated the fair value
of our debt based on our incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements with the same remaining
maturity and on the discounted estimated future cash payments to be made for other debt. The discount rate used to
calculate the fair value of debt approximates current lending rates for loans and assumes the debt is outstanding through
maturity. Since such amounts are estimates that are based on limited available market information for similar
transactions, which is a Level 2 non-recurring measurement, there can be no assurance that the disclosed value of any
financial instrument could be realized by immediate settlement of the instrument. 

Fixed rate debt (including variable rate debt swapped to fixed, excluding the value of the derivatives) with
carrying values of 505.6 million and 386.9 million as of December 31, 2017 and December 31,
2016, respectively, had fair values of approximately 516.5 million and 401.4 million, respectively. Variable
rate debt s fair value is estimated to be equal to the carrying values of 14.0 million as of December 31,
2017 and December 31, 2016. 

Note 11 Equity
Incentive Plan 

In 2005, the Company s stockholders
approved the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2005 Plan ), which replaced a stock incentive plan established in 1994.
The 2005 Plan authorized the issuance of a maximum of 1,000,000 shares of common stock. 

In 2014, the Company s stockholders
approved the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ), which replaced the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. The 2014
Plan authorizes the issuance of a maximum of 700,000 shares of common stock. 

No options were granted during 2017, 2016
or 2015. 

Restricted common stock has been granted
to certain employees under the 2014 Plan. As of December 31, 2017, there was 6.7 million of unrecognized compensation costs related
to the outstanding restricted stock, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.5 years. The Company
used 0 for both the discount factor and forfeiture rate for determining the fair value of restricted stock. 

The holder of a restricted share award is generally entitled at all times on and after the date of issuance
of the restricted shares to exercise the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote the shares and the
right to receive dividends on the shares. The Company granted 88,466, 93,363 and 85,597 shares of restricted stock in 2017, 2016
and 2015, respectively to employees and Directors. The restricted shares vest over a five-year period based on continued service
to the Company. 

F- 29 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

Restricted
share activity is summarized as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

Shares Outstanding 
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 

Unvested restricted stock at December 31, 2014 
 239 
 26.24 

Restricted stock granted 
 86 
 33.46 
 
 Restricted stock vested 
 (80 
 25.13 
 
 Restricted stock forfeited 
 (32 
 29.54 

Unvested restricted stock at December 31, 2015 
 213 
 29.07 

Restricted stock granted 
 93 
 37.67 
 
 Restricted stock vested 
 (72 
 27.07 
 
 Restricted stock forfeited 
 (6 
 35.58 

Unvested restricted stock at December 31, 2016 
 228 
 33.02 

Restricted stock granted 
 88 
 48.59 
 
 Restricted stock vested 
 (78 
 30.95 
 
 Restricted stock forfeited 
 (11 
 39.68 

Unvested restricted stock at December 31, 2017 
 227 
 39.47 

The
intrinsic value of restricted shares redeemed was 1.1 millions, 0.7 million and 0.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Note 12 Profit-Sharing
Plan 

The Company has a discretionary profit-sharing
plan whereby it contributes to the plan such amounts as the Board of Directors of the Company determines. The participants in the
plan cannot make any contributions to the plan. Contributions to the plan are allocated to the employees based on their percentage
of compensation to the total compensation of all employees for the plan year. Participants in the plan become fully vested after
six years of service. No contributions were made to the plan in 2017, 2016, or 2015. 

Note 13 Quarterly
Financial Data (Unaudited) 

The following summary represents the unaudited
results of operations of the Company, expressed in thousands except per share amounts, for the periods from January 1, 2016
through December 31, 2017. Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation of discontinued operations: 

F- 30 

Agree Realty Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2017 

2017 

Three Months Ended 

March 31 
 June 30 
 September 30 
 December 31 

Revenue 
 26,560 
 28,080 
 30,387 
 33,375 

Net Income 
 14,768 
 15,067 
 12,283 
 16,672 

Earnings per Share - diluted 
 0.55 
 0.56 
 0.42 
 0.55 

2016 

Three Months Ended 

March 31 
 June 30 
 September 30 
 December 31 

Revenue 
 20,224 
 21,844 
 24,161 
 25,299 

Net Income 
 7,586 
 10,828 
 14,476 
 12,906 

Earnings per Share - diluted 
 0.36 
 0.48 
 0.61 
 0.50 

Note 14 Commitments
and Contingencies 

In the ordinary course of business, we
are party to various legal actions which we believe are routine in nature and incidental to the operation of our business. We believe
that the outcome of the proceedings will not have a material adverse effect upon our consolidated financial position or results
of operations 

Note 15 Subsequent
Events 

In February 2018, the Company granted
shares of restricted stock to employees under the 2014 Plan. The fair value of these grants was approximately 3.9 million. The
grants were a mix of both Performance Shares and restricted shares that vest over a five-year period based on continued service
to the Company. 

There
were no other reportable subsequent events or transactions as of February 22, 2018. 

F- 31 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2017 

COLUMN
 A 
 COLUMN
 B 
 COLUMN C 
 COLUMN
 D 
 COLUMN
 E 
 COLUMN
 F 
 COLUMN
 G 
 COLUMN
 H 

Life on Which Depreciation in 

Initial Cost 
 Costs Capitalized 
 Gross Amount
 at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Latest Income 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Building
 and 
 Improvements 
 Subsequent
 to Acquisition 
 Land 
 Building
 and Improvements 
 Total 
 Accumulated 
 Depreciation 
 Date of 
 Acquisition 
 Statement is 
 Computed 
 
 Real Estate Held for Investment 

Borman Center, MI 
 - 
 550,000 
 562,404 
 1,087,596 
 550,000 
 1,650,000 
 2,200,000 
 1,650,000 
 1977 
 40 Years 
 
 Capital Plaza, KY 
 - 
 7,379 
 2,240,607 
 3,510,131 
 7,379 
 5,750,738 
 5,758,117 
 3,318,488 
 1978 
 40 Years 
 
 Grayling Plaza, MI 
 - 
 200,000 
 1,778,657 
 (46,867 
 200,000 
 1,731,790 
 1,931,790 
 1,446,774 
 1984 
 40 Years 
 
 West Frankfort Plaza, IL 
 - 
 8,002 
 784,077 
 202,463 
 8,002 
 986,540 
 994,542 
 774,374 
 1982 
 40 Years 
 
 Omaha Store, NE 
 - 
 150,000 
 - 
 - 
 150,000 
 - 
 150,000 
 - 
 1995 
 40 Years 
 
 Wichita Store, KS 
 1,669,449 
 1,039,195 
 1,690,644 
 (48,910 
 1,139,677 
 1,541,252 
 2,680,929 
 875,350 
 1995 
 40 Years 
 
 Monroeville, PA 
 - 
 6,332,158 
 2,249,724 
 (2,586,265 
 3,153,890 
 2,841,727 
 5,995,617 
 1,153,029 
 1996 
 40 Years 
 
 Boynton Beach, FL 
 - 
 1,534,942 
 2,043,122 
 3,743,613 
 1,534,942 
 5,786,735 
 7,321,677 
 1,770,137 
 1996 
 40 Years 
 
 Waterford, MI 
 - 
 971,009 
 1,562,869 
 144,236 
 971,009 
 1,707,105 
 2,678,114 
 848,092 
 1997 
 40 Years 
 
 Chesterfield Township, MI 
 - 
 1,350,590 
 1,757,830 
 (46,164 
 1,350,590 
 1,711,666 
 3,062,256 
 835,019 
 1998 
 40 Years 
 
 Grand Blanc, MI 
 - 
 1,104,285 
 1,998,919 
 43,929 
 1,104,285 
 2,042,848 
 3,147,133 
 967,706 
 1998 
 40 Years 
 
 Pontiac, MI 
 - 
 1,144,190 
 1,808,955 
 (113,506 
 1,144,190 
 1,695,449 
 2,839,639 
 817,644 
 1998 
 40 Years 
 
 Mt Pleasant Shopping Ctr, MI 
 - 
 907,600 
 8,081,968 
 1,617,649 
 907,600 
 9,699,617 
 10,607,217 
 5,831,294 
 1998 
 40 Years 
 
 Rochester, MI 
 715,980 
 2,438,740 
 2,188,050 
 1,950 
 2,438,740 
 2,190,000 
 4,628,740 
 1,012,853 
 1999 
 40 Years 
 
 Ypsilanti, MI 
 646,668 
 2,050,000 
 2,222,097 
 32,641 
 2,050,000 
 2,254,738 
 4,304,738 
 1,013,770 
 1999 
 40 Years 
 
 Petoskey, MI 
 449,809 
 - 
 2,332,473 
 1,179 
 - 
 2,333,652 
 2,333,652 
 1,030,607 
 2000 
 40 Years 
 
 Flint, MI 
 678,466 
 2,026,625 
 1,879,700 
 (1,200 
 2,026,625 
 1,878,500 
 3,905,125 
 798,371 
 2000 
 40 Years 
 
 Flint, MI 
 583,788 
 1,477,680 
 2,241,293 
 - 
 1,477,680 
 2,241,293 
 3,718,973 
 945,541 
 2001 
 40 Years 
 
 New Baltimore, MI 
 498,042 
 1,250,000 
 2,285,781 
 (16,503 
 1,250,000 
 2,269,278 
 3,519,278 
 929,161 
 2001 
 40 Years 
 
 Flint, MI 
 2,393,334 
 1,729,851 
 1,798,091 
 660 
 1,729,851 
 1,798,751 
 3,528,602 
 706,346 
 2002 
 40 Years 
 
 Indianapolis, IN 
 - 
 180,000 
 1,117,617 
 119,931 
 180,000 
 1,237,548 
 1,417,548 
 457,876 
 2002 
 40 Years 
 
 Big Rapids, MI 
 - 
 1,201,675 
 2,014,107 
 (2,000 
 1,201,675 
 2,012,107 
 3,213,782 
 742,007 
 2003 
 40 Years 
 
 Flint, MI 
 - 
 - 
 471,272 
 (201,809 
 - 
 269,463 
 269,463 
 166,120 
 2003 
 20 Years 
 
 Canton Twp, MI 
 - 
 1,550,000 
 2,132,096 
 23,021 
 1,550,000 
 2,155,117 
 3,705,117 
 758,728 
 2003 
 40 Years 
 
 Flint, MI 
 2,773,830 
 1,537,400 
 1,961,674 
 - 
 1,537,400 
 1,961,674 
 3,499,074 
 678,493 
 2004 
 40 Years 
 
 Webster, NY 
 - 
 1,600,000 
 2,438,781 
 - 
 1,600,000 
 2,438,781 
 4,038,781 
 840,872 
 2004 
 40 Years 
 
 Albion, NY 
 - 
 1,900,000 
 3,037,864 
 - 
 1,900,000 
 3,037,864 
 4,937,864 
 996,804 
 2004 
 40 Years 
 
 Flint, MI 
 2,120,635 
 1,029,000 
 2,165,463 
 (6,666 
 1,029,000 
 2,158,797 
 3,187,797 
 708,311 
 2004 
 40 Years 
 
 Lansing, MI 
 - 
 785,000 
 348,501 
 3,045 
 785,000 
 351,546 
 1,136,546 
 118,610 
 2004 
 40 Years 
 
 Boynton Beach, FL 
 - 
 1,569,000 
 2,363,524 
 3,911,082 
 1,569,000 
 6,274,606 
 7,843,606 
 857,122 
 2004 
 40 Years 
 
 Midland, MI 
 - 
 2,350,000 
 2,313,413 
 (79,235 
 2,268,695 
 2,315,483 
 4,584,178 
 721,102 
 2005 
 40 Years 
 
 Grand Rapids, MI 
 - 
 1,450,000 
 2,646,591 
 - 
 1,450,000 
 2,646,591 
 4,096,591 
 816,032 
 2005 
 40 Years 
 
 Delta Township, MI 
 - 
 2,075,000 
 2,535,971 
 7,014 
 2,075,000 
 2,542,985 
 4,617,985 
 773,550 
 2005 
 40 Years 
 
 Roseville, MI 
 - 
 1,771,000 
 2,327,052 
 395 
 1,771,000 
 2,327,447 
 4,098,447 
 705,400 
 2005 
 40 Years 
 
 Mt Pleasant, MI 
 1,252,087 
 1,075,000 
 1,432,390 
 4,787 
 1,075,000 
 1,437,177 
 2,512,177 
 434,132 
 2005 
 40 Years 
 
 N Cape May, NJ 
 - 
 1,075,000 
 1,430,092 
 495 
 1,075,000 
 1,430,587 
 2,505,587 
 432,152 
 2005 
 40 Years 
 
 Summit Twp, MI 
 - 
 998,460 
 1,336,357 
 12,686 
 998,460 
 1,349,043 
 2,347,503 
 379,333 
 2006 
 40 Years 

F- 32 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2017 

COLUMN A 
 COLUMN B 
 COLUMN C 
 COLUMN D 
 COLUMN E 
 COLUMN F 
 COLUMN G 
 COLUMN H 

Life on Which 

Depreciation in 

Initial Cost 
 Costs Capitalized 
 Gross Amount at
 Which Carried at Close of Period 

Latest Income 

Building and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Building and 
 
 Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Statement is 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Total 
 Depreciation 
 Acquisition 
 Computed 

Livonia, MI 
 - 
 1,200,000 
 3,441,694 
 817,589 
 1,200,000 
 4,259,283 
 5,459,283 
 1,097,512 
 2007 
 40 Years 
 
 Barnesville, GA 
 - 
 932,500 
 2,091,514 
 5,490 
 932,500 
 2,097,004 
 3,029,504 
 535,142 
 2007 
 40 Years 
 
 East Lansing, MI 
 - 
 240,000 
 54,531 
 (38,420 
 240,000 
 16,111 
 256,111 
 12,337 
 2007 
 40 Years 
 
 Plainfield, IN 
 - 
 2,708,415 
 - 
 - 
 2,708,415 
 - 
 2,708,415 
 - 
 2007 
 40 Years 
 
 Macomb Township, MI 
 - 
 424,222 
 - 
 - 
 424,222 
 - 
 424,222 
 - 
 2008 
 40 Years 
 
 Brighton, MI 
 - 
 1,365,000 
 2,802,036 
 5,615 
 1,365,000 
 2,807,651 
 4,172,651 
 619,945 
 2009 
 40 Years 
 
 Southfield, MI 
 1,483,000 
 1,200,000 
 125,616 
 2,063 
 1,200,000 
 127,679 
 1,327,679 
 26,193 
 2009 
 40 Years 
 
 Atchison, KS 
 - 
 943,750 
 3,021,672 
 - 
 823,170 
 3,142,252 
 3,965,422 
 587,664 
 2010 
 40 Years 
 
 Johnstown, OH 
 2,384,927 
 485,000 
 2,799,502 
 - 
 485,000 
 2,799,502 
 3,284,502 
 524,908 
 2010 
 40 Years 
 
 Lake in the Hills, IL 
 - 
 2,135,000 
 3,328,560 
 - 
 1,690,000 
 3,773,560 
 5,463,560 
 701,982 
 2010 
 40 Years 
 
 Concord, NC 
 - 
 7,676,305 
 - 
 - 
 7,676,305 
 - 
 7,676,305 
 - 
 2010 
 40 Years 
 
 Antioch, IL 
 1,669,449 
 1,087,884 
 - 
 - 
 1,087,884 
 - 
 1,087,884 
 - 
 2010 
 40 Years 
 
 St Augustine Shores, FL 
 - 
 1,700,000 
 1,973,929 
 (4,754 
 1,700,000 
 1,969,175 
 3,669,175 
 350,619 
 2010 
 40 Years 
 
 Mansfield, CT 
 2,170,284 
 700,000 
 1,902,191 
 508 
 700,000 
 1,902,699 
 2,602,699 
 338,917 
 2010 
 40 Years 
 
 Spring Grove, IL 
 2,313,000 
 1,191,199 
 - 
 968 
 1,192,167 
 - 
 1,192,167 
 - 
 2010 
 40 Years 
 
 Tallahassee, FL 
 1,628,000 
 - 
 1,482,462 
 - 
 - 
 1,482,462 
 1,482,462 
 260,972 
 2010 
 40 Years 
 
 Wilmington, NC 
 2,186,000 
 1,500,000 
 1,348,591 
 - 
 1,500,000 
 1,348,591 
 2,848,591 
 230,386 
 2011 
 40 Years 
 
 Marietta, GA 
 900,000 
 575,000 
 696,297 
 6,359 
 575,000 
 702,656 
 1,277,656 
 114,105 
 2011 
 40 Years 
 
 Baltimore, MD 
 2,534,000 
 2,610,430 
 - 
 (3,447 
 2,606,983 
 - 
 2,606,983 
 - 
 2011 
 40 Years 
 
 Dallas, TX 
 1,844,000 
 701,320 
 778,905 
 1,042,730 
 701,320 
 1,821,635 
 2,522,955 
 281,357 
 2011 
 40 Years 
 
 Chandler, AZ 
 1,550,203 
 332,868 
 793,898 
 360 
 332,868 
 794,258 
 1,127,126 
 124,140 
 2011 
 40 Years 
 
 New Lenox, IL 
 1,192,464 
 1,422,488 
 - 
 - 
 1,422,488 
 - 
 1,422,488 
 - 
 2011 
 40 Years 
 
 Roseville, CA 
 4,752,000 
 2,800,000 
 3,695,455 
 (96,364 
 2,695,636 
 3,703,455 
 6,399,091 
 586,317 
 2011 
 40 Years 
 
 Fort Walton Beach, FL 
 1,768,000 
 542,200 
 1,958,790 
 82,553 
 542,200 
 2,041,343 
 2,583,543 
 304,107 
 2011 
 40 Years 
 
 Leawood, KS 
 2,963,352 
 989,622 
 3,003,541 
 16,197 
 989,622 
 3,019,738 
 4,009,360 
 452,958 
 2011 
 40 Years 
 
 Salt Lake City, UT 
 4,948,724 
 - 
 6,810,104 
 (44,416 
 - 
 6,765,688 
 6,765,688 
 1,050,325 
 2011 
 40 Years 
 
 Burton, MI 
 - 
 80,000 
 - 
 - 
 80,000 
 - 
 80,000 
 - 
 2011 
 0 
 
 Macomb Township, MI 
 1,793,000 
 1,605,134 
 - 
 - 
 1,605,134 
 - 
 1,605,134 
 - 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Madison, AL 
 1,552,000 
 675,000 
 1,317,927 
 - 
 675,000 
 1,317,927 
 1,992,927 
 197,688 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Walker, MI 
 887,000 
 219,200 
 1,024,738 
 - 
 219,200 
 1,024,738 
 1,243,938 
 147,306 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Portland, OR 
 - 
 7,969,403 
 - 
 161 
 7,969,564 
 - 
 7,969,564 
 - 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Cochran, GA 
 - 
 365,714 
 2,053,726 
 - 
 365,714 
 2,053,726 
 2,419,440 
 282,389 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Baton Rouge, LA 
 1,073,217 
 - 
 1,188,322 
 - 
 - 
 1,188,322 
 1,188,322 
 165,870 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Southfield, MI 
 - 
 1,178,215 
 - 
 - 
 1,178,215 
 - 
 1,178,215 
 - 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Clifton Heights, PA 
 - 
 2,543,941 
 3,038,561 
 (3,105 
 2,543,941 
 3,035,456 
 5,579,397 
 414,216 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Newark, DE 
 - 
 2,117,547 
 4,777,516 
 (4,881 
 2,117,547 
 4,772,635 
 6,890,182 
 651,329 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Vineland, NJ 
 - 
 4,102,710 
 1,501,854 
 7,986 
 4,102,710 
 1,509,840 
 5,612,550 
 206,034 
 2012 
 40 Years 

F- 33 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2017 

COLUMN A 
 COLUMN B 
 COLUMN C 
 COLUMN D 
 COLUMN E 
 COLUMN F 
 COLUMN G 
 COLUMN H 

Life on Which 

Depreciation in 

Initial
 Cost 
 Costs Capitalized 
 Gross Amount
 at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Latest Income 

Building and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Building and 
 
 Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Statement is 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Total 
 Depreciation 
 Acquisition 
 Computed 

Fort Mill, SC 
 - 
 750,000 
 1,187,380 
 - 
 750,000 
 1,187,380 
 1,937,380 
 160,790 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Spartanburg, SC 
 - 
 250,000 
 765,714 
 4,387 
 250,000 
 770,101 
 1,020,101 
 103,114 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Springfield, IL 
 - 
 302,520 
 653,654 
 10,255 
 302,520 
 663,909 
 966,429 
 88,027 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Jacksonville, NC 
 - 
 676,930 
 1,482,748 
 - 
 676,930 
 1,482,748 
 2,159,678 
 197,699 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Morrow, GA 
 - 
 525,000 
 1,383,489 
 (99,849 
 525,000 
 1,283,640 
 1,808,640 
 169,103 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Charlotte, NC 
 - 
 1,822,900 
 3,531,275 
 (572,344 
 1,822,900 
 2,958,931 
 4,781,831 
 384,578 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Lyons, GA 
 - 
 121,627 
 2,155,635 
 (103,392 
 121,627 
 2,052,243 
 2,173,870 
 262,352 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Fuquay-Varina, NC 
 - 
 2,042,225 
 1,763,768 
 (255,778 
 2,042,225 
 1,507,990 
 3,550,215 
 192,173 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Minneapolis, MN 
 - 
 1,088,015 
 345,958 
 (54,430 
 826,635 
 552,908 
 1,379,543 
 69,836 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Lake Zurich, IL 
 - 
 780,974 
 7,909,277 
 28,174 
 780,974 
 7,937,451 
 8,718,425 
 1,000,420 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Lebanon, VA 
 - 
 300,000 
 612,582 
 20,380 
 300,000 
 632,962 
 932,962 
 84,862 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Harlingen, TX 
 - 
 430,000 
 1,614,378 
 12,854 
 430,000 
 1,627,232 
 2,057,232 
 203,402 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Wichita, TX 
 - 
 340,000 
 1,530,971 
 12,855 
 340,000 
 1,543,826 
 1,883,826 
 192,979 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Pensacola, FL 
 - 
 650,000 
 1,165,415 
 12,854 
 650,000 
 1,178,269 
 1,828,269 
 147,282 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Pensacola, FL 
 - 
 400,000 
 1,507,583 
 12,854 
 400,000 
 1,520,437 
 1,920,437 
 190,056 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 Venice, FL 
 - 
 1,300,196 
 - 
 4,892 
 1,305,088 
 - 
 1,305,088 
 - 
 2012 
 40 Years 
 
 St. Joseph, MO 
 - 
 377,620 
 7,639,521 
 - 
 377,620 
 7,639,521 
 8,017,141 
 939,024 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Statham, GA 
 - 
 191,919 
 3,851,073 
 - 
 191,919 
 3,851,073 
 4,042,992 
 473,359 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 North Las Vegas, NV 
 - 
 214,552 
 717,435 
 - 
 214,552 
 717,435 
 931,987 
 87,437 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 - 
 322,520 
 748,890 
 - 
 322,520 
 748,890 
 1,071,410 
 90,494 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Rancho Cordova, CA 
 - 
 1,339,612 
 - 
 - 
 1,339,612 
 - 
 1,339,612 
 - 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Kissimmee, FL 
 - 
 1,453,500 
 971,683 
 - 
 1,453,500 
 971,683 
 2,425,183 
 115,388 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Pinellas Park, FL 
 - 
 2,625,000 
 874,542 
 4,163 
 2,625,000 
 878,705 
 3,503,705 
 100,611 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Manchester, CT 
 - 
 397,800 
 325,705 
 - 
 397,800 
 325,705 
 723,505 
 38,000 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Rapid City, SD 
 - 
 1,017,800 
 2,348,032 
 - 
 1,017,800 
 2,348,032 
 3,365,832 
 271,490 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Chicago, IL 
 - 
 272,222 
 649,063 
 2,451 
 272,222 
 651,514 
 923,736 
 74,558 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Brooklyn, OH 
 - 
 3,643,700 
 15,079,714 
 14,207 
 3,643,700 
 15,093,921 
 18,737,621 
 1,696,705 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Madisonville, TX 
 - 
 96,680 
 1,087,642 
 9,600 
 96,680 
 1,097,242 
 1,193,922 
 122,361 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Baton Rouge, LA 
 - 
 271,400 
 1,086,434 
 - 
 271,400 
 1,086,434 
 1,357,834 
 119,959 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Forest, MS 
 - 
 - 
 1,298,176 
 21,925 
 - 
 1,320,101 
 1,320,101 
 144,072 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Sun Valley, NV 
 - 
 308,495 
 1,373,336 
 (51,008 
 253,495 
 1,377,328 
 1,630,823 
 149,140 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Rochester, NY 
 - 
 2,500,000 
 7,398,639 
 2,017 
 2,500,000 
 7,400,656 
 9,900,656 
 793,912 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Allentown, PA 
 - 
 2,525,051 
 7,896,613 
 - 
 2,525,051 
 7,896,613 
 10,421,664 
 847,241 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Casselberry, FL 
 - 
 1,804,000 
 793,101 
 - 
 1,804,000 
 793,101 
 2,597,101 
 87,572 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Berwyn, IL 
 - 
 186,791 
 933,959 
 5,400 
 186,791 
 939,359 
 1,126,150 
 95,882 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Grand Forks, ND 
 - 
 1,502,609 
 2,301,337 
 1,801,028 
 1,502,609 
 4,102,365 
 5,604,974 
 419,826 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Ann Arbor, MI 
 7,089,196 
 3,000,000 
 4,595,757 
 277,040 
 3,000,000 
 4,872,797 
 7,872,797 
 496,807 
 2013 
 40 Years 

F- 34 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2017 

COLUMN
 A 
 COLUMN
 B 
 COLUMN
 C 
 COLUMN
 D 
 COLUMN
 E 
 COLUMN
 F 
 COLUMN
 G 
 COLUMN
 H 

Life on Which 

Depreciation in 

Initial
 Cost 
 Costs Capitalized 
 Gross Amount
 at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Latest Income 

Building and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Building and 
 
 Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Statement is 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Total 
 Depreciation 
 Acquisition 
 Computed 

Joplin, MO 
 - 
 1,208,225 
 1,160,843 
 - 
 1,208,225 
 1,160,843 
 2,369,068 
 120,920 
 2013 
 40 Years 
 
 Red Bay, AL 
 - 
 38,981 
 2,528,437 
 3,856 
 38,981 
 2,532,293 
 2,571,274 
 200,459 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Birmingham, AL 
 - 
 230,106 
 231,313 
 (297 
 230,106 
 231,016 
 461,122 
 17,808 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Birmingham, AL 
 - 
 245,234 
 251,339 
 (324 
 245,234 
 251,015 
 496,249 
 19,350 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Birmingham, AL 
 - 
 98,271 
 179,824 
 - 
 98,271 
 179,824 
 278,095 
 13,862 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Birmingham, AL 
 - 
 235,641 
 127,477 
 (313 
 235,641 
 127,164 
 362,805 
 9,804 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Montgomery, AL 
 - 
 325,389 
 217,850 
 - 
 325,389 
 217,850 
 543,239 
 16,793 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Littleton, CO 
 5,130,974 
 819,000 
 8,756,266 
 399 
 819,000 
 8,756,665 
 9,575,665 
 711,475 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 St Petersburg, FL 
 - 
 1,225,000 
 1,025,247 
 6,592 
 1,225,000 
 1,031,839 
 2,256,839 
 96,457 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 St Augustine, FL 
 - 
 200,000 
 1,523,230 
 - 
 200,000 
 1,523,230 
 1,723,230 
 123,762 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 East Palatka, FL 
 - 
 730,000 
 575,236 
 6,911 
 730,000 
 582,147 
 1,312,147 
 47,258 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Pensacola, FL 
 - 
 136,365 
 398,773 
 - 
 136,365 
 398,773 
 535,138 
 30,739 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Jacksonville, FL 
 - 
 299,312 
 348,862 
 12,497 
 299,312 
 361,359 
 660,671 
 27,073 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Fort Oglethorpe, GA 
 - 
 1,842,240 
 2,844,126 
 7,307 
 1,842,240 
 2,851,433 
 4,693,673 
 279,183 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 New Lenox, IL 
 - 
 2,010,000 
 6,206,252 
 107,873 
 2,010,000 
 6,314,125 
 8,324,125 
 502,341 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Rockford, IL 
 - 
 303,395 
 2,436,873 
 - 
 303,395 
 2,436,873 
 2,740,268 
 197,996 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Indianapolis, IN 
 - 
 575,000 
 1,871,110 
 - 
 575,000 
 1,871,110 
 2,446,110 
 175,416 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Terre Haute, IN 
 - 
 103,147 
 2,477,263 
 32,376 
 103,147 
 2,509,639 
 2,612,786 
 186,763 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Junction City, KS 
 - 
 78,271 
 2,504,294 
 10,831 
 78,271 
 2,515,125 
 2,593,396 
 188,634 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Baton Rouge, LA 
 - 
 226,919 
 347,691 
 - 
 226,919 
 347,691 
 574,610 
 26,801 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Lincoln Park, MI 
 - 
 543,303 
 1,408,544 
 - 
 543,303 
 1,408,544 
 1,951,847 
 132,050 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Novi, MI 
 - 
 1,803,857 
 1,488,505 
 22,490 
 1,803,857 
 1,510,995 
 3,314,852 
 113,290 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Bloomfield Hills, MI 
 - 
 1,340,000 
 2,003,406 
 364,266 
 1,341,900 
 2,365,772 
 3,707,672 
 183,907 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Moorehead, MN 
 - 
 511,645 
 870,732 
 8,369 
 511,645 
 879,101 
 1,390,746 
 69,547 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Park Rapids, MN 
 - 
 413,151 
 706,884 
 5,925 
 413,151 
 712,809 
 1,125,960 
 56,396 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Jackson, MS 
 - 
 256,789 
 172,184 
 - 
 256,789 
 172,184 
 428,973 
 13,273 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Belton, MO 
 - 
 714,775 
 7,173,999 
 - 
 714,775 
 7,173,999 
 7,888,774 
 538,049 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Great Falls, MT 
 - 
 945,765 
 753,222 
 12,712 
 945,765 
 765,934 
 1,711,699 
 57,435 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Irvington, NJ 
 - 
 315,000 
 1,313,025 
 - 
 315,000 
 1,313,025 
 1,628,025 
 123,094 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Fargo, ND 
 - 
 629,484 
 707,799 
 505,065 
 629,484 
 1,212,864 
 1,842,348 
 95,952 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Jamestown, ND 
 - 
 234,545 
 1,158,486 
 8,499 
 234,545 
 1,166,985 
 1,401,530 
 92,337 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Grand Forks, ND 
 - 
 540,658 
 813,776 
 7,714 
 540,658 
 821,490 
 1,362,148 
 64,990 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Toledo, OH 
 - 
 500,000 
 1,372,363 
 (12 
 500,000 
 1,372,351 
 1,872,351 
 128,657 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Toledo, OH 
 - 
 155,250 
 762,500 
 72 
 155,250 
 762,572 
 917,822 
 65,131 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Toledo, OH 
 - 
 213,750 
 754,675 
 - 
 213,750 
 754,675 
 968,425 
 64,462 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Toledo, OH 
 - 
 168,750 
 785,000 
 16,477 
 168,750 
 801,477 
 970,227 
 68,289 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Port Clinton, OH 
 - 
 75,000 
 721,100 
 - 
 75,000 
 721,100 
 796,100 
 61,595 
 2014 
 40 Years 

F- 35 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2017 

COLUMN A 
 COLUMN B 
 COLUMN C 
 COLUMN D 
 COLUMN E 
 COLUMN F 
 COLUMN G 
 COLUMN H 

Life on Which 

Depreciation in 

Initial
 Cost 
 Costs Capitalized 
 Gross Amount
 at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Latest Income 

Building and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Building and 
 
 Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Statement is 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Total 
 Depreciation 
 Acquisition 
 Computed 

Mansfield, OH 
 - 
 306,000 
 725,600 
 - 
 306,000 
 725,600 
 1,031,600 
 61,978 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Orville, OH 
 - 
 344,250 
 716,600 
 - 
 344,250 
 716,600 
 1,060,850 
 61,209 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Akron, OH 
 - 
 427,750 
 715,700 
 - 
 427,750 
 715,700 
 1,143,450 
 61,133 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Akron, OH 
 - 
 696,000 
 845,000 
 - 
 696,000 
 845,000 
 1,541,000 
 72,177 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Hubbard, OH 
 - 
 204,000 
 726,500 
 - 
 204,000 
 726,500 
 930,500 
 62,056 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Youngstown, OH 
 - 
 285,000 
 745,700 
 - 
 285,000 
 745,700 
 1,030,700 
 63,696 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Calcutta, OH 
 - 
 208,050 
 758,750 
 1,462 
 208,050 
 760,212 
 968,262 
 64,852 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Columbus, OH 
 - 
 - 
 1,136,250 
 2,795 
 - 
 1,139,045 
 1,139,045 
 94,688 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Tulsa, OK 
 - 
 459,148 
 640,550 
 (16,477 
 459,148 
 624,073 
 1,083,221 
 60,150 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Ligonier, PA 
 - 
 330,000 
 5,021,849 
 (9,500 
 330,000 
 5,012,349 
 5,342,349 
 428,699 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Clarion, PA 
 - 
 121,200 
 771,500 
 - 
 121,200 
 771,500 
 892,700 
 65,900 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Mercer, PA 
 - 
 121,200 
 770,000 
 - 
 121,200 
 770,000 
 891,200 
 65,772 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Limerick, PA 
 - 
 369,000 
 - 
 - 
 369,000 
 - 
 369,000 
 - 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Harrisburg, PA 
 - 
 124,757 
 1,446,773 
 11,175 
 124,757 
 1,457,948 
 1,582,705 
 109,264 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Anderson, SC 
 - 
 781,200 
 4,441,535 
 - 
 781,200 
 4,441,535 
 5,222,735 
 434,901 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Easley, SC 
 - 
 332,275 
 268,612 
 - 
 332,275 
 268,612 
 600,887 
 20,706 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Spartanburg, SC 
 - 
 141,307 
 446,706 
 - 
 141,307 
 446,706 
 588,013 
 34,434 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Spartanburg, SC 
 - 
 94,770 
 261,640 
 - 
 94,770 
 261,640 
 356,410 
 20,168 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Columbia, SC 
 - 
 303,932 
 1,221,964 
 (13,830 
 303,932 
 1,208,134 
 1,512,066 
 93,724 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Alcoa, TN 
 - 
 329,074 
 270,719 
 - 
 329,074 
 270,719 
 599,793 
 20,868 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Knoxville, TN 
 - 
 214,077 
 286,037 
 - 
 214,077 
 286,037 
 500,114 
 22,049 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Red Bank, TN 
 - 
 229,100 
 302,146 
 - 
 229,100 
 302,146 
 531,246 
 23,290 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 New Tazewell, TN 
 - 
 91,006 
 328,561 
 5,074 
 91,006 
 333,635 
 424,641 
 25,015 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Maryville, TN 
 - 
 94,682 
 1,529,621 
 27,243 
 94,682 
 1,556,864 
 1,651,546 
 116,399 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Morristown, TN 
 - 
 46,404 
 801,506 
 4,990 
 46,404 
 806,496 
 852,900 
 60,479 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Clinton, TN 
 - 
 69,625 
 1,177,927 
 11,564 
 69,625 
 1,189,491 
 1,259,116 
 89,200 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Knoxville, TN 
 - 
 160,057 
 2,265,025 
 12,927 
 160,057 
 2,277,952 
 2,438,009 
 170,824 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Sweetwater, TN 
 - 
 79,100 
 1,009,290 
 6,740 
 79,100 
 1,016,030 
 1,095,130 
 76,190 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 McKinney, TX 
 - 
 2,671,020 
 6,785,815 
 331 
 2,671,020 
 6,786,146 
 9,457,166 
 593,759 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Forest Va 
 - 
 282,600 
 956,027 
 - 
 282,600 
 956,027 
 1,238,627 
 83,651 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Colonial Heights, VA 
 - 
 547,692 
 1,059,557 
 (5,963 
 547,692 
 1,053,594 
 1,601,286 
 81,218 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Chester, VA 
 - 
 300,583 
 794,417 
 (3,777 
 300,583 
 790,640 
 1,091,223 
 60,947 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Midlothian, VA 
 - 
 232,337 
 802,602 
 (3,839 
 232,337 
 798,763 
 1,031,100 
 61,573 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Ashland, VA 
 - 
 426,396 
 965,925 
 (5,050 
 426,396 
 960,875 
 1,387,271 
 74,070 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Mecanicsville, VA 
 - 
 219,496 
 906,590 
 (4,225 
 219,496 
 902,365 
 1,121,861 
 69,560 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Glen Allen, VA 
 - 
 590,101 
 1,129,495 
 (6,867 
 590,101 
 1,122,628 
 1,712,729 
 86,540 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Burlington, WA 
 - 
 610,000 
 3,647,279 
 (4,602 
 610,000 
 3,642,677 
 4,252,677 
 282,178 
 2014 
 40 Years 

F- 36 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2017 

COLUMN A 
 COLUMN B 
 COLUMN C 
 COLUMN D 
 COLUMN E 
 COLUMN F 
 COLUMN G 
 COLUMN H 

Life on Which 

Depreciation in 

Initial Cost 
 Costs Capitalized 
 Gross Amount
 at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Latest Income 

Building and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Building and 
 
 Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Statement is 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Total 
 Depreciation 
 Acquisition 
 Computed 

Wausau, WI 
 - 
 909,092 
 1,405,899 
 - 
 909,092 
 1,405,899 
 2,314,991 
 123,015 
 2014 
 40 Years 
 
 Foley AL 
 - 
 305,332 
 506,203 
 - 
 305,332 
 506,203 
 811,535 
 38,893 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Sulligent, AL 
 - 
 58,803 
 1,085,906 
 - 
 58,803 
 1,085,906 
 1,144,709 
 76,853 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Eutaw, AL 
 - 
 103,746 
 1,212,006 
 2,935 
 103,746 
 1,214,941 
 1,318,687 
 85,982 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Tallassee, AL 
 - 
 154,437 
 850,448 
 11,125 
 154,437 
 861,573 
 1,016,010 
 56,758 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Orange Park, AL 
 - 
 649,652 
 1,775,000 
 - 
 649,652 
 1,775,000 
 2,424,652 
 103,542 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Aurora, CO 
 - 
 976,865 
 1,999,651 
 1,743 
 976,865 
 2,001,394 
 2,978,259 
 104,236 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Pace, FL 
 - 
 37,860 
 524,400 
 - 
 37,860 
 524,400 
 562,260 
 38,137 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Pensacola, FL 
 - 
 309,607 
 775,084 
 (25 
 309,607 
 775,059 
 1,084,666 
 56,326 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Jacksonville Beach, FL 
 - 
 623,031 
 370,612 
 - 
 623,031 
 370,612 
 993,643 
 25,436 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Freeport, FL 
 - 
 312,615 
 1,277,386 
 - 
 312,615 
 1,277,386 
 1,590,001 
 79,837 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Glenwood, GA 
 - 
 29,489 
 1,027,370 
 - 
 29,489 
 1,027,370 
 1,056,859 
 70,586 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Albany, GA 
 - 
 47,955 
 641,123 
 - 
 47,955 
 641,123 
 689,078 
 43,997 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Belvidere, IL 
 - 
 184,136 
 644,492 
 - 
 184,136 
 644,492 
 828,628 
 44,196 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Springfield, IL 
 - 
 680,045 
 2,870,606 
 - 
 680,045 
 2,870,606 
 3,550,651 
 191,373 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Peru, IL 
 - 
 380,254 
 2,125,498 
 - 
 380,254 
 2,125,498 
 2,505,752 
 119,559 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Davenport, IA 
 - 
 776,366 
 6,623,542 
 - 
 776,366 
 6,623,542 
 7,399,908 
 413,971 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Le Mars, IA 
 - 
 53,198 
 613,534 
 (300,000 
 53,198 
 313,534 
 366,732 
 38,346 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Buffalo Center, IA 
 - 
 159,353 
 700,460 
 - 
 159,353 
 700,460 
 859,813 
 42,319 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Sheffield, IA 
 - 
 131,794 
 729,543 
 - 
 131,794 
 729,543 
 861,337 
 44,077 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Topeka, KS 
 - 
 1,853,601 
 12,427,839 
 12,465 
 1,853,601 
 12,440,304 
 14,293,905 
 880,135 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Lenexa, KS 
 - 
 303,175 
 2,186,864 
 - 
 303,175 
 2,186,864 
 2,490,039 
 109,343 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Tompkinsville , KY 
 - 
 70,252 
 1,132,033 
 - 
 70,252 
 1,132,033 
 1,202,285 
 80,116 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Hazard, KY 
 - 
 8,392,841 
 13,731,648 
 (16,857 
 8,375,591 
 13,732,041 
 22,107,632 
 686,597 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 DeQuincy, LA 
 - 
 114,407 
 1,881,056 
 4,725 
 114,407 
 1,885,781 
 2,000,188 
 133,295 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Portland, MA 
 - 
 - 
 3,831,860 
 3,172 
 - 
 3,835,032 
 3,835,032 
 239,650 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Flint, MI 
 - 
 120,078 
 2,561,015 
 20,490 
 120,078 
 2,581,505 
 2,701,583 
 129,075 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Hutchinson, MN 
 - 
 67,914 
 720,799 
 - 
 67,914 
 720,799 
 788,713 
 43,548 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Lowry City, MO 
 - 
 103,202 
 614,065 
 - 
 103,202 
 614,065 
 717,267 
 38,379 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Branson, MO 
 - 
 564,066 
 940,585 
 175 
 564,066 
 940,760 
 1,504,826 
 50,957 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Branson, MO 
 - 
 721,135 
 717,081 
 940 
 721,135 
 718,021 
 1,439,156 
 38,884 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Enfield, NH 
 - 
 93,628 
 1,295,320 
 48,989 
 93,628 
 1,344,309 
 1,437,937 
 94,417 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Marietta, OH 
 - 
 319,157 
 1,225,026 
 - 
 319,157 
 1,225,026 
 1,544,183 
 84,162 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Lorain, OH 
 - 
 293,831 
 1,044,956 
 - 
 293,831 
 1,044,956 
 1,338,787 
 69,664 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Franklin, OH 
 - 
 264,153 
 1,191,777 
 - 
 264,153 
 1,191,777 
 1,455,930 
 76,969 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Elyria, OH 
 - 
 82,023 
 910,404 
 - 
 82,023 
 910,404 
 992,427 
 56,900 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Elyria, OH 
 - 
 126,641 
 695,072 
 - 
 126,641 
 695,072 
 821,713 
 43,442 
 2015 
 40 Years 

F- 37 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2017 

COLUMN
 A 
 COLUMN
 B 
 COLUMN
 C 
 COLUMN
 D 
 COLUMN
 E 
 COLUMN
 F 
 COLUMN
 G 
 COLUMN
 H 

Life on Which 

Depreciation in 

Initial
 Cost 
 Costs Capitalized 
 Gross Amount
 at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Latest Income 

Building and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Building and 
 
 Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Statement is 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Total 
 Depreciation 
 Acquisition 
 Computed 

Bedford Heights, OH 
 - 
 226,920 
 959,528 
 - 
 226,920 
 959,528 
 1,186,448 
 57,972 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Newburgh Heights, OH 
 - 
 224,040 
 959,099 
 - 
 224,040 
 959,099 
 1,183,139 
 57,946 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Warrensville Heights, OH 
 - 
 186,209 
 920,496 
 4,900 
 186,209 
 925,396 
 1,111,605 
 56,144 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Heath, OH 
 - 
 325,381 
 757,994 
 135 
 325,381 
 758,129 
 1,083,510 
 41,065 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Lima, OH 
 - 
 335,386 
 592,154 
 - 
 335,386 
 592,154 
 927,540 
 29,608 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Elk City, OK 
 - 
 45,212 
 1,242,220 
 - 
 45,212 
 1,242,220 
 1,287,432 
 80,226 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Salem, OR 
 - 
 1,450,000 
 2,951,167 
 1,346,640 
 1,450,000 
 4,297,807 
 5,747,807 
 214,887 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Westfield, PA 
 - 
 47,346 
 1,117,723 
 - 
 47,346 
 1,117,723 
 1,165,069 
 81,400 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Bloomsburg, PA 
 - 
 152,645 
 1,091,115 
 - 
 152,645 
 1,091,115 
 1,243,760 
 70,468 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Altoona, PA 
 - 
 555,903 
 9,489,791 
 1,017 
 555,903 
 9,490,808 
 10,046,711 
 533,843 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Grindstone, PA 
 - 
 288,246 
 500,379 
 - 
 288,246 
 500,379 
 788,625 
 25,019 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Blythewood, SC 
 - 
 475,393 
 878,586 
 - 
 475,393 
 878,586 
 1,353,979 
 61,245 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Columbia, SC 
 - 
 249,900 
 809,935 
 - 
 249,900 
 809,935 
 1,059,835 
 55,583 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Liberty, SC 
 - 
 27,929 
 1,222,856 
 90 
 27,929 
 1,222,946 
 1,250,875 
 83,989 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Blacksburg, SC 
 - 
 27,547 
 1,468,101 
 - 
 27,547 
 1,468,101 
 1,495,648 
 97,874 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Easley, SC 
 - 
 51,325 
 1,187,506 
 - 
 51,325 
 1,187,506 
 1,238,831 
 76,693 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Fountain Inn, SC 
 - 
 107,633 
 1,076,633 
 - 
 107,633 
 1,076,633 
 1,184,266 
 69,533 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Walterboro, SC 
 - 
 21,414 
 1,156,820 
 - 
 21,414 
 1,156,820 
 1,178,234 
 74,711 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Jackson, TN 
 - 
 277,000 
 495,103 
 - 
 277,000 
 495,103 
 772,103 
 24,755 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Arlington, TX 
 - 
 494,755 
 710,416 
 - 
 494,755 
 710,416 
 1,205,171 
 51,508 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Sweetwater, TX 
 - 
 626,578 
 652,127 
 - 
 626,578 
 652,127 
 1,278,705 
 47,551 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Fort Worth, TX 
 - 
 2,999,944 
 6,198,198 
 - 
 2,999,944 
 6,198,198 
 9,198,142 
 413,214 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Brenham, TX 
 - 
 355,486 
 17,280,895 
 581 
 355,486 
 17,281,476 
 17,636,962 
 1,152,060 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Corpus Christi, TX 
 - 
 316,916 
 2,140,056 
 - 
 316,916 
 2,140,056 
 2,456,972 
 124,837 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Harlingen, TX 
 - 
 126,102 
 869,779 
 - 
 126,102 
 869,779 
 995,881 
 50,737 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Midland, TX 
 - 
 194,174 
 5,005,720 
 2,000 
 194,174 
 5,007,720 
 5,201,894 
 281,659 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Rockwall, TX 
 - 
 578,225 
 1,768,930 
 210 
 578,225 
 1,769,140 
 2,347,365 
 88,452 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Bluefield, VA 
 - 
 88,431 
 1,161,840 
 - 
 88,431 
 1,161,840 
 1,250,271 
 79,832 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Princeton, WV 
 - 
 111,653 
 1,029,090 
 - 
 111,653 
 1,029,090 
 1,140,743 
 70,688 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Beckley, WV 
 - 
 162,024 
 991,653 
 - 
 162,024 
 991,653 
 1,153,677 
 68,126 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Martinsburg, WV 
 - 
 620,892 
 943,163 
 - 
 620,892 
 943,163 
 1,564,055 
 47,158 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Grand Chute, WI 
 - 
 2,766,417 
 7,084,942 
 4,700 
 2,766,417 
 7,089,642 
 9,856,059 
 486,949 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 New Richmond, WI 
 - 
 71,969 
 648,850 
 - 
 71,969 
 648,850 
 720,819 
 40,553 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Ashland, WI 
 - 
 142,287 
 684,545 
 - 
 142,287 
 684,545 
 826,832 
 41,358 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Baraboo, WI 
 - 
 142,563 
 653,176 
 - 
 142,563 
 653,176 
 795,739 
 39,463 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Mauston, WI 
 - 
 289,882 
 3,302,490 
 - 
 289,882 
 3,302,490 
 3,592,372 
 178,885 
 2015 
 40 Years 
 
 Decatur, AL 
 - 
 337,738 
 510,706 
 - 
 337,738 
 510,706 
 848,444 
 14,896 
 2016 
 40 Years 

F- 38 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2017 

COLUMN
 A 
 COLUMN
 B 
 COLUMN
 C 
 COLUMN
 D 
 COLUMN
 E 
 COLUMN
 F 
 COLUMN
 G 
 COLUMN
 H 

Life on Which 

Depreciation in 

Initial
 Cost 
 Costs Capitalized 
 Gross Amount
 at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Latest Income 

Building and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Building and 
 
 Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Statement is 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Total 
 Depreciation 
 Acquisition 
 Computed 

Greenville, AL 
 - 
 203,722 
 905,780 
 9,911 
 203,722 
 915,691 
 1,119,413 
 22,849 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Bullhead City, AZ 
 - 
 177,500 
 1,364,406 
 - 
 177,500 
 1,364,406 
 1,541,906 
 59,678 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Page, AZ 
 - 
 256,982 
 1,299,283 
 - 
 256,982 
 1,299,283 
 1,556,265 
 56,844 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Safford, AZ 
 - 
 349,269 
 1,196,307 
 - 
 349,269 
 1,196,307 
 1,545,576 
 42,239 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Tuscon, AZ 
 - 
 3,208,580 
 4,410,679 
 - 
 3,208,580 
 4,410,679 
 7,619,259 
 165,400 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Bentonville, AR 
 - 
 610,926 
 897,562 
 170 
 610,926 
 897,732 
 1,508,658 
 39,305 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Sunnyvale, CA 
 - 
 7,351,903 
 4,638,432 
 735 
 7,351,903 
 4,639,167 
 11,991,070 
 183,437 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Upland, CA 
 - 
 4,413,871 
 8,318,559 
 - 
 4,413,871 
 8,318,559 
 12,732,430 
 329,276 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Whittier, CA 
 - 
 4,237,918 
 7,343,869 
 - 
 4,237,918 
 7,343,869 
 11,581,787 
 290,695 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Aurora, CO 
 - 
 847,349 
 834,301 
 - 
 847,349 
 834,301 
 1,681,650 
 20,858 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Aurora, CO 
 - 
 1,132,676 
 5,716,367 
 32,402 
 1,132,676 
 5,748,769 
 6,881,445 
 143,582 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Evergreen, CO 
 - 
 1,998,860 
 3,827,245 
 - 
 1,998,860 
 3,827,245 
 5,826,105 
 151,495 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Apopka, FL 
 - 
 1,996,995 
 3,456,839 
 14,303 
 1,996,995 
 3,471,142 
 5,468,137 
 136,863 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Lakeland, FL 
 - 
 61,000 
 1,227,037 
 - 
 61,000 
 1,227,037 
 1,288,037 
 35,789 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Mt Dora, FL 
 - 
 1,678,671 
 3,691,615 
 - 
 1,678,671 
 3,691,615 
 5,370,286 
 146,126 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 North Miami Beach, FL 
 - 
 1,622,742 
 512,717 
 10,328 
 1,622,742 
 523,045 
 2,145,787 
 13,022 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 - 
 903,411 
 1,627,159 
 (24,843 
 903,411 
 1,602,316 
 2,505,727 
 53,319 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Port Orange, FL 
 - 
 1,493,863 
 3,114,697 
 - 
 1,493,863 
 3,114,697 
 4,608,560 
 123,290 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Royal Palm Beach, FL 
 - 
 2,052,463 
 956,768 
 - 
 2,052,463 
 956,768 
 3,009,231 
 33,886 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Sarasota, FL 
 - 
 1,769,175 
 3,587,992 
 22,885 
 1,769,175 
 3,610,877 
 5,380,052 
 142,025 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Venice, FL 
 - 
 281,936 
 1,291,748 
 - 
 281,936 
 1,291,748 
 1,573,684 
 42,966 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Vero Beach, FL 
 - 
 4,469,033 
 - 
 - 
 4,469,033 
 - 
 4,469,033 
 - 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Dalton, GA 
 - 
 211,362 
 220,927 
 - 
 211,362 
 220,927 
 432,289 
 8,263 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Crystal Lake, IL 
 - 
 2,446,521 
 7,012,819 
 120 
 2,446,521 
 7,012,939 
 9,459,460 
 189,933 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Glenwood, IL 
 - 
 815,483 
 970,108 
 - 
 815,483 
 970,108 
 1,785,591 
 28,295 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Morris, IL 
 - 
 1,206,749 
 2,062,495 
 - 
 1,206,749 
 2,062,495 
 3,269,244 
 81,640 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Wheaton, IL 
 - 
 447,291 
 751,458 
 - 
 447,291 
 751,458 
 1,198,749 
 31,311 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Bicknell, IN 
 - 
 215,037 
 2,381,471 
 - 
 215,037 
 2,381,471 
 2,596,508 
 79,278 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Fort Wayne, IN 
 - 
 711,430 
 1,258,357 
 - 
 711,430 
 1,258,357 
 1,969,787 
 60,296 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Indianapolis, IN 
 - 
 734,434 
 970,175 
 - 
 734,434 
 970,175 
 1,704,609 
 42,443 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Des Moines, IA 
 - 
 322,797 
 1,374,153 
 - 
 322,797 
 1,374,153 
 1,696,950 
 54,394 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Frankfort, KY 
 - 
 - 
 514,277 
 - 
 - 
 514,277 
 514,277 
 17,699 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 DeRidder, LA 
 - 
 814,891 
 2,156,542 
 480 
 814,891 
 2,157,022 
 2,971,913 
 80,904 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Lake Charles, LA 
 - 
 1,308,418 
 4,235,719 
 5,761 
 1,308,418 
 4,241,480 
 5,549,898 
 114,753 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Shreveport, LA 
 - 
 891,872 
 2,058,257 
 - 
 891,872 
 2,058,257 
 2,950,129 
 77,194 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Marshall, MI 
 - 
 339,813 
 - 
 - 
 339,813 
 - 
 339,813 
 - 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Mt Pleasant, MI 
 - 
 - 
 511,282 
 (254 
 - 
 511,028 
 511,028 
 12,777 
 2016 
 40 Years 

F- 39 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2017 

COLUMN
 A 
 COLUMN
 B 
 COLUMN
 C 
 COLUMN
 D 
 COLUMN
 E 
 COLUMN
 F 
 COLUMN
 G 
 COLUMN
 H 

Life on Which 

Depreciation in 

Initial
 Cost 
 Costs Capitalized 
 Gross Amount
 at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Latest Income 

Building and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Building and 
 
 Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Statement is 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Total 
 Depreciation 
 Acquisition 
 Computed 

Norton Shores, MI 
 - 
 495,605 
 667,982 
 7,274 
 495,605 
 675,256 
 1,170,861 
 18,243 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Portage, MI 
 - 
 262,181 
 1,102,990 
 - 
 262,181 
 1,102,990 
 1,365,171 
 39,064 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Stephenson, MI 
 - 
 223,152 
 1,044,947 
 270 
 223,152 
 1,045,217 
 1,268,369 
 26,128 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Sterling, MI 
 - 
 127,844 
 905,607 
 25,464 
 127,844 
 931,071 
 1,058,915 
 26,949 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Cambridge, MN 
 - 
 536,812 
 1,334,601 
 - 
 536,812 
 1,334,601 
 1,871,413 
 52,828 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Eagle Bend, MN 
 - 
 96,558 
 1,165,437 
 - 
 96,558 
 1,165,437 
 1,261,995 
 36,360 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Brandon, MS 
 - 
 428,464 
 969,346 
 - 
 428,464 
 969,346 
 1,397,810 
 40,389 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Clinton, MS 
 - 
 370,264 
 1,057,143 
 - 
 370,264 
 1,057,143 
 1,427,407 
 44,048 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Columbus, MS 
 - 
 1,103,458 
 2,128,089 
 - 
 1,103,458 
 2,128,089 
 3,231,547 
 97,537 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Flowood, MS 
 - 
 360,267 
 1,044,807 
 - 
 360,267 
 1,044,807 
 1,405,074 
 43,534 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Holly Springs, MS 
 - 
 413,316 
 952,574 
 - 
 413,316 
 952,574 
 1,365,890 
 35,600 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Jackson, MS 
 - 
 242,796 
 963,188 
 - 
 242,796 
 963,188 
 1,205,984 
 40,133 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Jackson, MS 
 - 
 732,944 
 2,862,813 
 - 
 732,944 
 2,862,813 
 3,595,757 
 89,463 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Meridian, MS 
 - 
 396,329 
 1,152,729 
 - 
 396,329 
 1,152,729 
 1,549,058 
 48,009 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Pearl, MS 
 - 
 299,839 
 616,351 
 7,355 
 299,839 
 623,706 
 923,545 
 15,538 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Ridgeland, MS 
 - 
 407,041 
 864,498 
 - 
 407,041 
 864,498 
 1,271,539 
 36,021 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Bowling Green, MO 
 - 
 360,201 
 2,809,170 
 - 
 360,201 
 2,809,170 
 3,169,371 
 87,742 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 St Robert, MO 
 - 
 394,859 
 1,305,366 
 11,379 
 394,859 
 1,316,745 
 1,711,604 
 32,860 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Hamilton, MT 
 - 
 558,047 
 1,083,570 
 442 
 558,047 
 1,084,012 
 1,642,059 
 29,356 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Beatty, NV 
 - 
 198,928 
 1,265,084 
 8,051 
 198,928 
 1,273,135 
 1,472,063 
 39,669 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Alamogordo, NM 
 - 
 654,965 
 2,716,166 
 143 
 654,965 
 2,716,309 
 3,371,274 
 84,842 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Alamogordo, NM 
 - 
 524,763 
 941,615 
 7,522 
 524,763 
 949,137 
 1,473,900 
 25,660 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Alcalde, NM 
 - 
 435,486 
 836,499 
 - 
 435,486 
 836,499 
 1,271,985 
 20,912 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Cimarron, NM 
 - 
 345,693 
 1,236,437 
 7,613 
 345,693 
 1,244,050 
 1,589,743 
 33,647 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 La Luz, NM 
 - 
 487,401 
 835,455 
 - 
 487,401 
 835,455 
 1,322,856 
 22,627 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Fayetteville, NC 
 - 
 1,267,529 
 2,527,462 
 16,292 
 1,267,529 
 2,543,754 
 3,811,283 
 68,794 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Gastonia, NC 
 - 
 401,119 
 979,803 
 1,631 
 401,119 
 981,434 
 1,382,553 
 26,580 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Devils Lake, ND 
 - 
 323,508 
 1,133,773 
 955 
 323,508 
 1,134,728 
 1,458,236 
 37,357 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 West Fargo, ND 
 - 
 789,855 
 600,976 
 255,626 
 789,855 
 856,602 
 1,646,457 
 20,383 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Cambridge, OH 
 - 
 168,717 
 1,113,232 
 - 
 168,717 
 1,113,232 
 1,281,949 
 51,023 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Columbus, OH 
 - 
 1,109,044 
 1,291,313 
 - 
 1,109,044 
 1,291,313 
 2,400,357 
 48,344 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Grove City, OH 
 - 
 334,032 
 176,274 
 - 
 334,032 
 176,274 
 510,306 
 6,592 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Lorain, OH 
 - 
 808,162 
 1,390,481 
 10,000 
 808,162 
 1,400,481 
 2,208,643 
 60,834 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Reynoldsburg, OH 
 - 
 843,336 
 1,197,966 
 - 
 843,336 
 1,197,966 
 2,041,302 
 44,861 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Springfield, OH 
 - 
 982,451 
 3,957,512 
 (3,500 
 982,451 
 3,954,012 
 4,936,463 
 181,158 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Ardmore, OK 
 - 
 571,993 
 1,590,151 
 - 
 571,993 
 1,590,151 
 2,162,144 
 62,945 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Dillon, SC 
 - 
 85,896 
 1,697,160 
 - 
 85,896 
 1,697,160 
 1,783,056 
 81,322 
 2016 
 40 Years 

F- 40 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2017 

COLUMN
 A 
 COLUMN
 B 
 COLUMN
 C 
 COLUMN
 D 
 COLUMN
 E 
 COLUMN
 F 
 COLUMN
 G 
 COLUMN
 H 

Life on Which 

Depreciation in 

Initial
 Cost 
 Costs Capitalized 
 Gross Amount
 at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Latest Income 

Building and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Building and 
 
 Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Statement is 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Total 
 Depreciation 
 Acquisition 
 Computed 

Jasper, TN 
 - 
 190,582 
 966,125 
 6,888 
 190,582 
 973,013 
 1,163,595 
 24,298 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Austin, TX 
 - 
 4,986,082 
 5,179,446 
 9,988 
 4,986,082 
 5,189,434 
 10,175,516 
 248,182 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Carthage, TX 
 - 
 597,995 
 1,965,290 
 - 
 597,995 
 1,965,290 
 2,563,285 
 73,705 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Cedar Park, TX 
 - 
 1,386,802 
 4,656,229 
 - 
 1,386,802 
 4,656,229 
 6,043,031 
 184,309 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Granbury, TX 
 - 
 944,223 
 2,362,540 
 - 
 944,223 
 2,362,540 
 3,306,763 
 88,603 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Hemphill, TX 
 - 
 250,503 
 1,955,918 
 11,886 
 250,503 
 1,967,804 
 2,218,307 
 61,107 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Lampasas, TX 
 - 
 245,312 
 1,063,701 
 - 
 245,312 
 1,063,701 
 1,309,013 
 39,883 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Lubbock, TX 
 - 
 1,501,556 
 2,341,031 
 - 
 1,501,556 
 2,341,031 
 3,842,587 
 87,799 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Odessa, TX 
 - 
 921,043 
 2,434,384 
 5,615 
 921,043 
 2,439,999 
 3,361,042 
 91,310 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Port Arthur, TX 
 - 
 1,889,732 
 8,121,417 
 55 
 1,889,732 
 8,121,472 
 10,011,204 
 270,482 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Tyler, TX 
 - 
 4,446,648 
 3,178,302 
 2,650 
 4,446,648 
 3,180,952 
 7,627,600 
 104,137 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Farr West, UT 
 - 
 679,206 
 1,040,737 
 3,062 
 679,206 
 1,043,799 
 1,723,005 
 37,858 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Provo, UT 
 - 
 1,692,785 
 5,874,584 
 40,450 
 1,692,785 
 5,915,034 
 7,607,819 
 208,176 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 St George, UT 
 - 
 313,107 
 1,009,161 
 13,030 
 313,107 
 1,022,191 
 1,335,298 
 44,151 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Tappahannock, VA 
 - 
 1,076,745 
 14,904 
 - 
 1,076,745 
 14,904 
 1,091,649 
 526 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Kirkland, WA 
 - 
 816,072 
 - 
 - 
 816,072 
 - 
 816,072 
 - 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Manitowoc, WI 
 - 
 879,237 
 4,467,960 
 - 
 879,237 
 4,467,960 
 5,347,197 
 148,764 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Oak Creek, WI 
 - 
 487,277 
 3,082,180 
 41,775 
 487,277 
 3,123,955 
 3,611,232 
 141,924 
 2016 
 40 Years 
 
 Oxford, AL 
 - 
 148,407 
 641,820 
 - 
 148,407 
 641,820 
 790,227 
 10,666 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Oxford, AL 
 - 
 255,786 
 7,273,871 
 - 
 255,786 
 7,273,871 
 7,529,657 
 121,231 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Oxford, AL 
 - 
 24,875 
 600,936 
 - 
 24,875 
 600,936 
 625,811 
 10,016 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Jonesboro, AR 
 - 
 3,656,554 
 3,219,456 
 - 
 3,656,554 
 3,219,456 
 6,876,010 
 17,989 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Lowell, AR 
 - 
 949,519 
 1,435,056 
 - 
 949,519 
 1,435,056 
 2,384,575 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Southington, CT 
 - 
 1,088,181 
 1,287,837 
 - 
 1,088,181 
 1,287,837 
 2,376,018 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Millsboro, DE 
 - 
 3,501,109 
 - 
 - 
 3,501,109 
 - 
 3,501,109 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Jacksonville,FL 
 - 
 2,298,885 
 2,894,565 
 - 
 2,298,885 
 2,894,565 
 5,193,450 
 6,030 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Orange Park, FL 
 - 
 214,858 
 2,304,095 
 - 
 214,858 
 2,304,095 
 2,518,953 
 28,769 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Port Richey, FL 
 - 
 1,140,182 
 1,649,773 
 - 
 1,140,182 
 1,649,773 
 2,789,955 
 20,608 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Americus, GA 
 - 
 1,318,463 
 - 
 - 
 1,318,463 
 - 
 1,318,463 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Brunswick, GA 
 - 
 1,279,688 
 2,158,863 
 - 
 1,279,688 
 2,158,863 
 3,438,551 
 40,299 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Brunswick, GA 
 - 
 126,335 
 1,626,530 
 - 
 126,335 
 1,626,530 
 1,752,865 
 3,389 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Buford, GA 
 - 
 341,860 
 1,023,813 
 - 
 341,860 
 1,023,813 
 1,365,673 
 12,761 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Carrollton, GA 
 - 
 597,465 
 886,644 
 - 
 597,465 
 886,644 
 1,484,109 
 9,152 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Decatur, GA 
 - 
 558,859 
 1,429,106 
 - 
 558,859 
 1,429,106 
 1,987,965 
 2,977 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Metter, GA 
 - 
 256,743 
 766,818 
 - 
 256,743 
 766,818 
 1,023,561 
 7,944 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Villa Rica, GA 
 - 
 410,936 
 1,311,444 
 - 
 410,936 
 1,311,444 
 1,722,380 
 19,095 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Chicago, IL 
 - 
 2,899,155 
 9,822,986 
 - 
 2,899,155 
 9,822,986 
 12,722,141 
 184,090 
 2017 
 40 Years 

F- 41 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2017 

COLUMN
 A 
 COLUMN
 B 
 COLUMN
 C 
 COLUMN
 D 
 COLUMN
 E 
 COLUMN
 F 
 COLUMN
 G 
 COLUMN
 H 

Life on Which 

Depreciation in 

Initial
 Cost 
 Costs Capitalized 
 Gross Amount
 at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Latest Income 

Building and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Building and 
 
 Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Statement is 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Total 
 Depreciation 
 Acquisition 
 Computed 

Chicago, IL 
 - 
 2,081,151 
 5,197,315 
 - 
 2,081,151 
 5,197,315 
 7,278,466 
 97,078 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Galesburg, IL 
 - 
 214,280 
 979,108 
 - 
 214,280 
 979,108 
 1,193,388 
 12,215 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Mundelein, IL 
 - 
 1,238,743 
 - 
 - 
 1,238,743 
 - 
 1,238,743 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Mundelein, IL 
 - 
 1,743,222 
 - 
 - 
 1,743,222 
 - 
 1,743,222 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Mundelein, IL 
 - 
 1,803,068 
 - 
 - 
 1,803,068 
 - 
 1,803,068 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Springfield, IL 
 - 
 574,805 
 1,554,786 
 - 
 574,805 
 1,554,786 
 2,129,591 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Woodstock, IL 
 - 
 683,419 
 1,002,207 
 - 
 683,419 
 1,002,207 
 1,685,626 
 2,088 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Frankfort, IN 
 - 
 50,458 
 2,008,275 
 - 
 50,458 
 2,008,275 
 2,058,733 
 33,471 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Kokomo, IN 
 - 
 95,196 
 1,484,778 
 - 
 95,196 
 1,484,778 
 1,579,974 
 3,093 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Nashville, IN 
 - 
 484,117 
 2,458,215 
 - 
 484,117 
 2,458,215 
 2,942,332 
 30,489 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Roeland Park, KS 
 - 
 7,829,806 
 - 
 - 
 7,829,806 
 - 
 7,829,806 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Georgetown, KY 
 - 
 1,996,456 
 6,315,768 
 - 
 1,996,456 
 6,315,768 
 8,312,224 
 85,869 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Hopkinsville, KY 
 - 
 413,269 
 996,619 
 - 
 413,269 
 996,619 
 1,409,888 
 12,427 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Salyersville, KY 
 - 
 289,663 
 906,455 
 - 
 289,663 
 906,455 
 1,196,118 
 13,182 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Amite, LA 
 - 
 601,238 
 1,695,242 
 - 
 601,238 
 1,695,242 
 2,296,480 
 24,670 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Bossier City, LA 
 - 
 797,899 
 2,925,864 
 - 
 797,899 
 2,925,864 
 3,723,763 
 6,096 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Kenner, LA 
 - 
 323,188 
 859,298 
 - 
 323,188 
 859,298 
 1,182,486 
 5,324 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Mandeville, LA 
 - 
 834,891 
 1,294,812 
 - 
 834,891 
 1,294,812 
 2,129,703 
 8,016 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 New Orleans, LA 
 - 
 - 
 6,846,313 
 - 
 - 
 6,846,313 
 6,846,313 
 85,529 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Baltimore, MD 
 - 
 782,819 
 745,092 
 - 
 782,819 
 745,092 
 1,527,911 
 3,005 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Canton, MI 
 - 
 3,655,296 
 - 
 - 
 3,655,296 
 - 
 3,655,296 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Grand Rapids, MI 
 - 
 7,015,035 
 - 
 - 
 7,015,035 
 - 
 7,015,035 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Bloomington, MN 
 - 
 1,491,302 
 - 
 - 
 1,491,302 
 - 
 1,491,302 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Maplewood, MN 
 - 
 2,050,168 
 3,517,854 
 - 
 2,050,168 
 3,517,854 
 5,568,022 
 14,658 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Monticello, MN 
 - 
 449,025 
 979,816 
 - 
 449,025 
 979,816 
 1,428,841 
 22,418 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Mountain Iron, MN 
 - 
 177,918 
 1,139,849 
 - 
 177,918 
 1,139,849 
 1,317,767 
 14,227 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Gulfport, MS 
 - 
 671,824 
 1,176,505 
 - 
 671,824 
 1,176,505 
 1,848,329 
 17,137 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Jackson, MS 
 - 
 802,230 
 1,434,997 
 - 
 802,230 
 1,434,997 
 2,237,227 
 20,902 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 McComb, MS 
 - 
 67,026 
 685,426 
 - 
 67,026 
 685,426 
 752,452 
 8,519 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Kansas City, MO 
 - 
 1,390,880 
 1,588,573 
 - 
 1,390,880 
 1,588,573 
 2,979,453 
 26,039 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Springfield, MO 
 - 
 616,344 
 2,448,360 
 - 
 616,344 
 2,448,360 
 3,064,704 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 St. Charles, MO 
 - 
 736,242 
 2,122,426 
 - 
 736,242 
 2,122,426 
 2,858,668 
 39,777 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 St. Peters, MO 
 - 
 1,364,670 
 - 
 - 
 1,364,670 
 - 
 1,364,670 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Boulder City, NV 
 - 
 566,639 
 993,399 
 - 
 566,639 
 993,399 
 1,560,038 
 12,341 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Egg Harbor, NJ 
 - 
 520,510 
 1,087,374 
 - 
 520,510 
 1,087,374 
 1,607,884 
 20,361 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Secaucus, NJ 
 21,500,000 
 19,915,781 
 17,306,541 
 - 
 19,915,781 
 17,306,541 
 37,222,322 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Sewell, NJ 
 - 
 1,809,771 
 6,892,134 
 - 
 1,809,771 
 6,892,134 
 8,701,905 
 86,144 
 2017 
 40 Years 

F- 42 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2017 

COLUMN
 A 
 COLUMN
 B 
 COLUMN
 C 
 COLUMN
 D 
 COLUMN
 E 
 COLUMN
 F 
 COLUMN
 G 
 COLUMN
 H 

Life on Which 

Depreciation in 

Initial
 Cost 
 Costs Capitalized 
 Gross Amount
 at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Latest Income 

Building and 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Building and 
 
 Accumulated 
 Date of 
 Statement is 
 
 Description 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Acquisition 
 Land 
 Improvements 
 Total 
 Depreciation 
 Acquisition 
 Computed 

Santa Fe, NM 
 - 
 1,072,340 
 4,013,237 
 - 
 1,072,340 
 4,013,237 
 5,085,577 
 100,328 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Statesville, NC 
 - 
 287,467 
 867,849 
 - 
 287,467 
 867,849 
 1,155,316 
 18,075 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Jacksonville, NC 
 - 
 308,321 
 875,652 
 - 
 308,321 
 875,652 
 1,183,973 
 10,920 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Minot, ND 
 - 
 928,796 
 1,619,726 
 - 
 928,796 
 1,619,726 
 2,548,522 
 23,551 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Grandview Heights, OH 
 - 
 1,276,870 
 8,557,690 
 - 
 1,276,870 
 8,557,690 
 9,834,560 
 124,636 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Hillard, OH 
 - 
 1,001,228 
 - 
 - 
 1,001,228 
 - 
 1,001,228 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Edmond, OK 
 - 
 1,063,243 
 3,816,155 
 - 
 1,063,243 
 3,816,155 
 4,879,398 
 15,901 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Oklahoma City, OK 
 - 
 868,648 
 1,820,174 
 - 
 868,648 
 1,820,174 
 2,688,822 
 14,952 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Erie, PA 
 - 
 425,267 
 1,284,883 
 - 
 425,267 
 1,284,883 
 1,710,150 
 10,574 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 - 
 692,454 
 2,509,358 
 - 
 692,454 
 2,509,358 
 3,201,812 
 31,190 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Gaffney, SC 
 - 
 200,845 
 878,455 
 - 
 200,845 
 878,455 
 1,079,300 
 10,952 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Sumter, SC 
 - 
 132,204 
 1,095,478 
 - 
 132,204 
 1,095,478 
 1,227,682 
 15,944 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 - 
 2,089,237 
 3,595,808 
 - 
 2,089,237 
 3,595,808 
 5,685,045 
 7,491 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Etowah, TN 
 - 
 74,057 
 862,436 
 - 
 74,057 
 862,436 
 936,493 
 16,148 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 - 
 1,661,764 
 3,874,356 
 - 
 1,661,764 
 3,874,356 
 5,536,120 
 80,656 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Alamo, TX 
 - 
 104,878 
 821,355 
 - 
 104,878 
 821,355 
 926,233 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Andrews, TX 
 - 
 172,373 
 817,252 
 - 
 172,373 
 817,252 
 989,625 
 15,323 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Arlington, TX 
 - 
 497,852 
 1,601,007 
 - 
 497,852 
 1,601,007 
 2,098,859 
 23,321 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Canyon Lake, TX 
 - 
 382,522 
 1,026,179 
 - 
 382,522 
 1,026,179 
 1,408,701 
 - 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Corpus Christi, TX 
 - 
 185,375 
 1,413,298 
 - 
 185,375 
 1,413,298 
 1,598,673 
 20,460 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Fort Stockton, TX 
 - 
 185,474 
 1,186,339 
 - 
 185,474 
 1,186,339 
 1,371,813 
 17,267 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Fort Worth, TX 
 - 
 1,016,587 
 4,622,507 
 - 
 1,016,587 
 4,622,507 
 5,639,094 
 28,820 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Lufkin, TX 
 - 
 1,497,171 
 4,948,906 
 - 
 1,497,171 
 4,948,906 
 6,446,077 
 92,708 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Heber, UT 
 - 
 367,013 
 1,204,635 
 - 
 367,013 
 1,204,635 
 1,571,648 
 24,186 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Newport News, VA 
 - 
 2,458,053 
 5,390,475 
 - 
 2,458,053 
 5,390,475 
 7,848,528 
 76,330 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Appleton, WI 
 - 
 417,249 
 1,525,582 
 - 
 417,249 
 1,525,582 
 1,942,831 
 18,935 
 2017 
 40 Years 
 
 Onalaska, WI 
 - 
 821,084 
 2,651,772 
 - 
 821,084 
 2,651,772 
 3,472,856 
 38,609 
 2017 
 40 Years 

Subtotal 
 89,094,878 
 410,008,398 
 848,998,112 
 17,096,625 
 405,850,207 
 870,252,928 
 1,276,103,135 
 85,467,011 

Property Under Development 

Various 
 - 
 - 
 25,402,255 
 - 
 - 
 25,402,255 
 25,402,255 
 - 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Sub Total 
 - 
 - 
 25,402,255 
 - 
 - 
 25,402,255 
 25,402,255 
 - 

Total 
 89,094,878 
 410,008,398 
 874,400,367 
 17,096,625 
 405,850,207 
 895,655,183 
 1,301,505,390 
 85,467,011 

F- 43 

Agree Realty Corporation 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2016 

1. Reconciliation of Real Estate Properties 

 The following table reconciles the Real Estate
Properties from January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2017. 

2017 
 2016 
 2015 

Balance at January 1 
 1,019,956,329 
 755,848,938 
 589,147,012 
 
 Construction and acquisition cost 
 312,695,116 
 284,968,286 
 196,672,924 
 
 Impairment charge 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Disposition of real estate 
 (31,146,055 
 (20,860,895 
 (29,970,998 
 
 Reclassified as assets held for sale 
 (2,250,558 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31 
 1,299,254,832 
 1,019,956,329 
 755,848,938 

2. Reconciliation of Accumulated Depreciation 

 The following table reconciles the Real Estate
Properties from January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2017. 

2017 
 2016 
 2015 

Balance at January 1 
 69,696,727 
 56,401,423 
 59,089,851 
 
 Current year depreciation expense 
 19,507,398 
 15,201,469 
 11,464,695 
 
 Disposition of real estate 
 (3,737,114 
 (1,906,165 
 (14,153,123 
 
 Reclassified as assets held for sale 
 (228,397 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31 
 85,238,614 
 69,696,727 
 56,401,423 

3. Tax Basis of Building and Improvements 

 The aggregate cost of Building and
Improvements for federal income tax purposes is approximately 38,194,000 less than the cost basis used for financial
statement purposes. 

F- 44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AGREE REALTY CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Joel N. Agree 
 
 Date: February 22, 2018 

Joel N. Agree 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE
PRESENTS, that we, the undersigned officers and directors of Agree Realty Corporation, hereby severally constitute Richard Agree,
Joel N. Agree and Clayton Thelen, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys with full power to them, and each of them
singly, to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below, the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed herewith and any
and all amendments to said Annual Report on Form 10-K, and generally to do all such things in our names and in our capacities as
officers and directors to enable Agree Realty Corporation to comply with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended and all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming our signatures as they
may be signed by our said attorneys, or any of them, to said Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto. 

PURSUANT to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities indicated on the 22nd day of February 2018. 

By: 
 /s/ Richard Agree 
 
 Date: February 22, 2018 

Richard Agree 

Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

By: 
 /s/ Joel N. Agree 
 
 Date: February 22, 2018 

Joel N. Agree 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Clayton Thelen 
 
 Date: February 22, 2018 

Clayton Thelen 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Merrie S. Frankel 
 
 Date: February 22, 2018 

Merrie S. Frankel 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ Farris G. Kalil 
 
 Date: February 22, 2018 

Farris G. Kalil 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ John Rakolta 
 
 Date: February 22, 2018 

John Rakolta Jr. 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ Jerome Rossi 
 
 Date: February 22, 2018 

Jerome Rossi 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ William S. Rubenfaer 
 
 Date: February 22, 2018 

William S. Rubenfaer 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ Leon M. Schurgin 
 
 Date: February 22, 2018 

Leon M. Schurgin 

Director 

39 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 tv485617_ex10-14.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.14

Exhibit 10.14 

SUMMARY OF COMPENSATION FOR 

 THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF 

 AGREE REALTY CORPORATION 

Annual Cash Retainer: 

Non-Employee Director : 30,000 

Audit Committee Chair : 4,000 (in addition
to non-employee retainer) 

Other: 

Directors traveling from outside the Bloomfield
Hills, Michigan area are reimbursed for all out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings of the Board
or any committees thereof. 

Directors who are employees or officers of the
Company do not receive any compensation for serving on the Board or any committees thereof. 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.17>
 3
 tv485617_ex10-17.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.17

Exhibit 10.17 

PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD NOTICE 

Agree Realty Corporation 

, 20 

THIS PERFORMANCE SHARE
AWARD NOTICE, dated as of _________, 20__, sets forth the terms of a grant of performance shares by Agree Realty Corporation, a
Maryland corporation (the Company ), to the Grantee named below. 

WHEREAS, the Company
has adopted the Agree Realty Corporation 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan in order to enhance the ability
of the Company to attract and retain highly qualified employees and to motivate those employees to improve the business results
of the Company; and 

WHEREAS, the Committee
has determined to grant to the Grantee an award of Performance Shares as provided herein to encourage the Grantee s efforts
toward the continuing success of the Company. 

The Company grants
to the Grantee an award on the following terms and subject to the following conditions: 

1. Grant by the Company . The Company grants
to the Grantee a Performance Award for Performance Shares (the Award ). Subject to the terms and conditions
hereof, payment with respect to vested Awards shall be made entirely in the form of shares of Restricted Stock of the Company.
This Award shall be construed in accordance and consistent with, and subject to, the provisions of the Plan (the provisions of
which are hereby incorporated by reference) and, except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, the capitalized terms used in
this Award shall have the same definitions as set forth in the Plan. 

AWARD SUMMARY 

Name of Grantee: 
 _________________ 
 
 Target Number of Performance Shares: 
 _________________ 
 
 Grant Date: 
 _____________, 20__ 
 
 Performance Period: 
 December 31, 20__ through December 31, 20__ 

2. Performance Objective . Performance Shares
shall be earned based on the achievement of (i) as to 50 of the Award, relative annualized Total Shareholder Return of the Company
percentile rank relative to the MSCI US REIT index from the period from December 31, 20__ through December 31, 20__ (the Performance
Period and (ii) as to 50 of the Award, relative annualized Total Shareholder Return compared to the Total Shareholder
Return of designated peer companies over the Performance Period as provided on the attached Appendix A . Total
Shareholder Return shall be defined as the increase in value of a fixed amount invested in the common shares of an
entity, taking into account both stock price appreciation and dividends or other distributions, during the Performance Period
(dividends are calculated as if they are reinvested in a company s stock as of the ex-dividend date based on such date s
closing stock price). In determining the value of shares at the beginning and end of the Performance Period, the Committee
shall use the average closing price for the twenty (20) trading days ending on the beginning and end of the Performance Period.
For the portion of the Award described in (ii), above, the Company s Total Shareholder Return shall be compared to the Total
Shareholder Returns achieved by a group of peer companies (the Peer Group ), with the result expressed as
a percentile (where the Company is considered to be part of the peer set). The applicable Peer Group for the Performance
Period is the group of publically traded REITs listed on the attached Appendix A . 

3. Peer Group Adjustments . Any company in the
Peer Group that files for bankruptcy protection shall be placed at the bottom of the Peer Group. Any company in the Peer
Group that is acquired and is no longer separately trading will be excluded from the Peer Group, and the size of the Peer Group
will be reduced by one. No changes to the Peer Group will be made as a result of an acquisition or divestiture by a company
in the Peer Group of a portion of its business, as such events are generally considered to be part of the ordinary course of business;
however, in the instance where a peer company has entered an agreement to be acquired and such transaction has not yet been consummated
at the end of the performance period, such peer company will be excluded from results as if it had already been acquired. 

4. Determination of Award and Notice . As soon as possible after the end of the Performance
Period, but in no event later than March 15 of the year following the end of the Performance Period, the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors (the Committee will certify in writing whether and to what extent the performance measures
have been achieved for the Performance Period and determine the number of shares of Restricted Stock, if any, to be issued to the
Grantee in accordance with the matrix set forth in Appendix A ; provided, that, if the Committee certifies that the performance
measures have been met, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, reduce the number of shares to be issued to the Grantee with
respect to the Award. The date of the Committee s certification pursuant to this Section 4 shall hereinafter be referred
to as the Certification Date . The Company will notify the Grantee of the Committee s certification promptly
following the Certification Date. Any Restricted Stock earned shall vest one-third on _________, 20__, one-third on __________,
20__ and one-third on ___________, 20__, in accordance with the Company s standard form of restricted stock award agreement. 

5. Forfeiture of Award Prior to Vesting Date . Except as provided by the Committee, the
Grantee will not be entitled to any issuance of shares with respect to the Award if the Grantee is not, for any reason, employed
by the Company or an Affiliate of the Company on the Certification Date. 

6. No Rights as a Shareholder . Prior to any issuance of shares, the Grantee shall
not at any time have any rights as a shareholder with respect to any Award. No dividends (or dividend equivalents) will be
paid on any unearned Performance Shares. Dividends on earned Performance Shares shall accrue from the Grant Date until the Certification
Date and shall be paid on ____________, 20__ [the date of the vesting of the first installment of restricted stock to vest], to
the extent of Performance Shares that are earned and result in a share issuance. 

7. No Right to Continued Employment . Nothing in this Award or the Plan shall
interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company to terminate the Grantee s employment, nor confer upon the Grantee
any right to continuance of employment by the Company or any Affiliate. 

8. Construction . This Award is made and granted pursuant to the Plan and is in all respects
limited by and subject to the terms of the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Award and the terms
of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall be controlling. To the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the Plan, the terms
of any employment, severance or change in control agreement between the Grantee and the Company shall supersede the terms and definitions
under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan and this Agreement with respect to the Performance Shares awarded hereunder. All decisions
of the Committee with respect to any question or issue arising under the Plan or this Award shall be conclusive and binding on
all persons having an interest in the Award. 

9. Resolution of Disputes . Any dispute or disagreement which may arise under,
or as a result of, or in any way relate to, the interpretation, construction or application of this Award shall be determined by
the Committee. Any determination made hereunder shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Grantee, the Grantee s heirs,
executors, administrators and successors, and the Company and its Affiliates for all purposes. 

10. Entire Statement of Award . This Award and the terms and conditions of the Plan
constitute the entire understanding between the Grantee and the Company and its Affiliates, and supersede all other agreements,
whether written or oral, with respect to the Award. 

11. Headings . The headings of this Award are inserted for convenience only and
do not constitute a part of this Award. 

12. Code Section 409A . The Award is intended to either be exempt from or to comply
with Code Section 409A and shall be interpreted and administered consistent with that intent, provided , however ,
that the Company makes no representation regarding the status of the Award under Code Section 409A and the Company shall not be
liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed upon the Grantee, or other damage that may be suffered by
the Grantee, as a result of the Award being subject to and not in compliance with Code Section 409A. Each payment required
to be made hereunder shall be treated as a separate and distinct payment for purposes of Code Section 409A. If (i) an amount owing
to the Grantee hereunder constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A, (ii) the amount is considered
to be payable to the Grantee as a result of the Grantee s separation from service with the Company and its
Affiliates for purposes and within the meaning of Code Section 409A, and (iii) the Grantee is at the time of separation from service
a specified employee of the Company and its Affiliates, then (notwithstanding any other provision hereof) the amount
shall not be paid to the Grantee any earlier than the time when such amount may be paid to the Grantee without the Grantee being
subject to liability for additional tax on such amount under Code Section 409A. 

13. Tax Withholding Obligation . If upon the Certification Date, any vesting date or other
applicable date there shall be payable by the Company or an affiliate of the Company any statutory income and/or employment tax
withholding, in the Company's discretion, then unless provided otherwise by the Company, such tax withholding obligations, if any,
will be satisfied by the Company withholding a number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be vested under the Award
in an amount that the Company determines has a fair market value sufficient to meet such tax withholding obligations, up to the
maximum statutory withholding requirement. In the Company's discretion, it may require or permit reimbursement or payment of such
tax withholding obligations by wire transfer, certified check, additional payroll withholding or other means acceptable to the
Company and upon such terms and conditions as the Company may prescribe. The Company may also permit the Grantee to tender shares
to the Company subsequent to receipt of such shares in respect of an Award. The Company is permitted to defer issuance of shares
until reimbursement or payment by the Grantee to the Company or an affiliate of the Company of the amount of any such tax. 

The Grantee
is ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed by such Grantee in connection with the Award, regardless of any action
the Company takes with respect to any tax withholding obligations that arise in connection with the Award. The Company makes no
representation or undertaking regarding the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the grant or issuance of the Performance
Shares or the subsequent sale of any of the shares underlying the Performance Shares. The Company does not commit and is under
no obligation to structure the Award program to reduce or eliminate the Participant's tax liability. 

AGREE REALTY COMPANY 

By: 

Its: 

APPENDIX A 

Custom Peer Group 

MSCI US REIT Index (as of , 20 

Payout level for each portion of the
Award 

Level 
 
 Comparative
Total 
 Shareholder Return 
 Percentile 
 
 Percentage of Target 
 Number of Performance 
 Shares 
 
 Threshold 
 
 __ th 
 
 __ 
 
 Target 
 
 __ th 
 
 __ 
 
 Maximum 
 
 __ th 
 
 __ 

There will be a linear increase in payout between the performance
levels if Threshold performance is achieved; no payout shall occur below __ th percentile performance. 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-12.1>
 4
 tv485617_ex12-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

EXHIBIT 12.1 

COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES
AND PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS 

Year 
 Year 
 Year 
 Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 
 Ended 
 Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 2017 
 December 31, 2016 
 December 31, 2015 
 December 31, 2014 
 December 31, 2013 

Income From Continuing Operations 
 58,790 
 45,797 
 39,762 
 18,776 
 18,945 
 
 Add: 

Interest on indebtedness 
 17,158 
 14,521 
 11,616 
 7,636 
 5,739 
 
 Amortization of financing costs 
 979 
 822 
 690 
 951 
 736 

Earnings 
 76,927 
 61,140 
 52,068 
 27,363 
 25,420 

Fixed charges and preferred stock dividends: 

Interest on indebtedness and capitalized interest 
 17,728 
 14,732 
 11,655 
 7,899 
 6,306 
 
 Amortization of financing costs 
 979 
 822 
 690 
 951 
 736 

Fixed charges 
 18,707 
 15,554 
 12,345 
 8,850 
 7,042 

Add: 

Preferred stock dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Combined fixed charges and preferred stock dividends 
 18,707 
 15,554 
 12,345 
 8,850 
 7,042 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 
 4.11 x 
 3.93 x 
 4.22 x 
 3.09 x 
 3.61 x 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-21>
 5
 tv485617_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

AGREE REALTY CORPORATION 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2017 

Subsidary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 
 Agree Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Columbia Crossing Project, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Ann Arbor Store No 1, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Indianapolis Store No. 16, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Boynton Beach Store No. 150, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Mt Pleasant Shopping Center LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Facility No. 1, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Bristol Fenton Project, LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Realty South-East, LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Elkhart, LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Plainfield, LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Port St. John LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Charlotte County, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Silver Springs Shores, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree St. Augustine Shores, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree 103-Middleburg Jacksonville, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Brighton, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Lowell, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Atlantic Beach, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Southfield Webster, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Development, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Realty Services, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Lawrence Store No. 203, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Ann Arbor Jackson, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Beecher LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Corunna LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Construction Management LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Atchison, LLC 
 
 Kansas 
 
 Agree Johnstown, LLC 
 
 Ohio 
 
 Agree Lake in the Hills, LLC 
 
 Illinois 
 
 NESOR REALTY VENTURES LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Agree Antioch, LLC 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Agree Concord, LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 Agree Mansfield, LLC 
 
 Connecticut 
 
 Agree Tallahassee, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Agree Spring Grove, LLC 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Agree Shelby, LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Wilmington, LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 Agree Marietta, LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Agree Boynton, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Agree Indianapolis, LLC 
 
 Indiana 
 
 Agree M-59 LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Dallas Forest Drive, LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Agree Roseville CA, LLC 
 
 California 
 
 Agree Wawa Baltimore, LLC 
 
 Maryland 
 
 Agree New Lenox, LLC 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Agree Chandler, LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 Agree Fort Walton Beach, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Agree Portland OR LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Rancho Cordova I 
 
 California 
 
 Agree Rancho Cordova II 
 
 California 
 
 Agree Southfield LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Poinciana LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Agree Venice, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Agree Madison AL LLC 
 
 Alabama 
 
 Agree Leawood, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Walker, LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree 17-92, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Agree Pinellas Park, LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Mall of Louisiana, LLC 
 
 Louisiana 
 
 Agree Cochran GA, LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Agree Tri-State Lease, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Fort Mill SC, LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 Agree Spartanburg SC LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 Agree Springfield IL LLC 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Agree Jacksonville NC, LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 Agree Greenville SC, LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 ACCP Maryland, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Milestone Center Project, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 AMCP Germantown, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Oklahoma City Store No. 151, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Omaha Store No. 166, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Phoenix Drive, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Morrow GA, LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Agree Charlotte Poplar, LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 Agree East Palatka, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Agree Lyons GA LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Agree Fuquay Varina LLC 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 Agree Minneapolis Clinton Ave, LLC 
 
 Minnesota 
 
 Agree Wichita, LLC 
 
 Kansas 
 
 Agree 117 Mission, LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Holdings I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Lake Zurich IL, LLC 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Agree Ann Arbor State Street, LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Lebanon VA LLC 
 
 Virginia 
 
 Agree Harlingen LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Agree Wichita Falls TX LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Agree Pensacola LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Agree Pensacola Nine Mile LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 2355 Jackson Avenue, LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Statham GA, LLC 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Agree North Las Vegas, LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Agree St. Joseph MO, LLC 
 
 Missouri 
 
 Agree Memphis Getwell, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 Agree Chicago Kedzie, LLC 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Agree Sun Valley NV LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Agree Rapid City SD, LLC 
 
 South Dakota 
 
 Agree Manchester CT, LLC 
 
 Connecticut 
 
 Agree Grand Forks LLC 
 
 North Dakota 
 
 Agree Madisonville TX LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Agree Brooklyn OH LLC 
 
 Ohio 
 
 Agree Baton Rouge LA LLC 
 
 Louisiana 
 
 Agree Forest MS LLC 
 
 Mississippi 
 
 Agree St Petersburg LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Agree Berkeley Solano, LLC 
 
 California 
 
 Agree Rochester NY LLC 
 
 New York 
 
 Agree New Lenox 2 LLC 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Agree Allentown PA LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Agree Joplin MO LLC 
 
 Missouri 
 
 Agree Berwyn IL LLC 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Agree Anderson SC LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Cannon Station LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Forest VA LLC 
 
 Virginia 
 
 Agree Indianapolis Glendale LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Burlington WA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree McKinney TX, LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Agree Littleton CO, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Ligonier PA, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Agree Montgomeryville PA, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Agree Columbia SC, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Richmond VA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Asset Services, LLC (LUNACORP, LLC) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Center Point Birmingham AL, LLC 
 
 Alabama 
 
 Agree Montgomery AL, LLC 
 
 Alabama 
 
 Agree Daniel Morgan Ave Spartanburg, LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 
 Agree Magnolia Knoxville TN, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 Agree Alcoa TN, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 Agree Belton MO, LLC 
 
 Missouri 
 
 Agree Terre Haute IN, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Junction City KS, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Novi MI, LLC 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Agree Palafox Pensacola FL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Arlington TX LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Agree Grand Chute WI LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Belvidere IL LLC 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Agree Lejune Springfield IL, LLC 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Agree Fort Worth TX, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Topeka KS, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Brenham TX, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Salem OR, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Portland ME, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Davenport IA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Buffalo Center IA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Springfield OH, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Altoona PA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Orange McCoy, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Agree Hazard KY, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Marshall MI Outlot, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Indianapolis IN II, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Mt. Pleasant Outlot I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Wheaton IL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Jackson MS, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Des Moines IA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Holly Springs MS, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Apopka FL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Cedar Park TX, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Evergreen CO, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Kirkland WA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Mt. Dora FL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Port Orange FL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Sarasota FL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Sunnyvale CA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Upland CA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Vero Beach FL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Whittier CA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree CW, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Provo UT, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree MCW, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree North Miami FL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Stores, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree 2016, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree 1031, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Statesville NC, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Archer Chicago IL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Oxford Commons AL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Egg Harbor NJ, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Grandview Heights OH, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Hopkinsville KY, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Minot ND, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree DT Jacksonville NC, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree RT Amite LA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree RT Arlington TX LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree RT Gulfport MS, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree RT Jackson MS, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree RT Villa Rica GA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree RT Port Richey 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Pharm Nashville IN, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Appleton WI, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Bloomington MN, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Millsboro DE, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Baltimore MD, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Secaucus NJ, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Americus GA, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Edmond OK, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Woodstock IL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Springfield MO LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree K G Joplin MO LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Lowell AR LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Crystal River FL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Agree Rockford IL, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 tv485617_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our reports dated February
22, 2018, with respect to the consolidated financial statements, schedule, and internal control over financial reporting included
in the Annual Report of Agree Realty Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. We consent to the incorporation
by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Agree Realty Corporation on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-218476 and 333-201420)
and on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-197096, 333-141471 and 333-121491). 

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP 

Southfield, Michigan 

February 22, 2018 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 tv485617_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Joel N. Agree, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ending December 31, 2017 of Agree Realty Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 22, 2018 
 
 /s/ Joel N. Agree 

Name: 
 Joel N. Agree 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 tv485617_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Clayton Thelen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ending December 31, 2017 of Agree Realty Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 22, 2018 
 
 /s/ Clayton Thelen 

Name: 
 Clayton Thelen 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 tv485617_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Based on a review of the Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ending December 31, 2017 of Agree Realty Corporation (the Company ), as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joel N. Agree, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report, containing the financial statements, fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Joel N. Agree 

Joel N. Agree 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

February 22, 2018 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 tv485617_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Based on a review of the Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ending December 31, 2017 of Agree Realty Corporation (the Company ), as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Clayton Thelen, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report, containing the financial statements, fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Clayton Thelen 

Clayton Thelen 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

February 22, 2018 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 11
 tv485617_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS

The following discussion amends, re-states and
supersedes in its entirety the discussion of material U.S. federal income tax considerations included under the heading Material
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations in Agree Realty Corporation s base prospectus (the Prospectus included in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR filed on June 2, 2017, as amended and supplemented, in light
of the signing into law of H.R. 1, commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, on December 22, 2017. 

We urge you to consult your tax advisor regarding
the specific tax consequences to you of ownership of our securities and of our election to be taxed as a real estate investment
trust REIT ). Specifically, you are urged to consult your tax advisor regarding the federal, state, local, foreign,
and other tax consequences to you regarding the purchase, ownership and sale of our securities. You are also urged to consult with
your tax advisor regarding the impact of potential changes in the applicable tax laws. 

The following is a summary of the material federal
income tax consequences and considerations relating to the acquisition, holding, and disposition of our securities. For purposes
of this discussion under the heading Material Federal Income Tax Considerations, we, our, 
 us, and the Company refer to Agree Realty Corporation, but excluding all its subsidiaries and affiliated
entities, and the Operating Partnership refers to Agree Limited Partnership. This summary is based upon the Code,
the regulations promulgated by the U.S. Treasury Department (which are referred to in this section as Treasury Regulations ),
rulings and other administrative pronouncements issued by the IRS, and judicial decisions, all as currently in effect, and all
of which are subject to differing interpretations or to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The following reflects changes
to the U.S. federal income tax laws made by legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which was signed into
law on December 22, 2017. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a far-reaching and complex revision to the U.S. federal income tax laws
with disparate and, in some cases, countervailing impacts on different categories of taxpayers and industries, and will require
subsequent rulemaking in a number of areas. The long-term impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on us, our stockholders, our tenants
and the real estate industry cannot be reliably predicted at this early stage of the new law's implementation. 

No assurance can be given that the IRS would
not assert, or that a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any description of the tax consequences summarized below.
No advance ruling has been or will be sought from the IRS regarding any matter discussed in this the Prospectus. This summary is
also based upon the assumption that we, and each of our subsidiaries and affiliated entities, will act in accordance with any applicable
organizational documents or partnership or limited liability company operating agreement. This summary is for general information
only, and does not purport to discuss all aspects of federal income taxation that may be important to a particular investor in
light of its investment or tax circumstances, or to investors subject to special tax rules, such as: 

financial institutions; 

insurance companies; 

broker-dealers; 

regulated investment companies; 

holders who receive securities through the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation; 

persons holding securities as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion transaction, 
 synthetic security or other integrated investment; 

except to the extent discussed below, tax-exempt organizations; and 

except to the extent discussed below, foreign investors. 

In addition, certain U.S. expatriates, including
certain individuals who have lost U.S. citizenship and long-term residents (within the meaning of Section 877(e)(2)
of the Code) who have ceased to be lawful permanent residents of the United States, are subject to special rules. 

The federal income tax treatment of holders
of securities depends in some instances on determinations of fact and interpretations of complex provisions of federal income tax
law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. In addition, the tax consequences of holding securities to any
particular holder will depend on the holder s particular tax circumstances. You are urged to consult your own tax advisor
regarding the federal, state, local, and foreign income and other tax consequences to you (in light of your particular investment
or tax circumstances) of acquiring, holding, exchanging, or otherwise disposing of securities. 

Taxation of the Company 

We have elected to be a REIT for federal income
tax purposes under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code and applicable provisions of the Treasury Regulations, which set forth
the requirements for qualifying as a REIT. Our policy has been and is to operate in such a manner as to qualify as a REIT for
federal income tax purposes. If we so qualify, then we will generally not be subject to federal income tax on income we distribute
to our shareholders. For any year in which we do not meet the requirements for qualification as a REIT, we will be taxed as a
corporation. See Failure to Qualify below. 

Taxation of REITs in General 

As indicated above, our qualification and taxation
as a REIT depend upon our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various qualification requirements imposed upon REITs by the
Code. The material qualification requirements are summarized below under Requirements for Qualification 
General. 

While we intend to operate so that we qualify
as a REIT, no assurance can be given that the IRS will not challenge our REIT status, or that we will be able to operate in accordance
with the REIT requirements in the future. 

As a REIT, we will generally be entitled to
a deduction for dividends that we pay, and therefore will not be subject to federal corporate income tax on our net income that
is currently distributed to our shareholders. This treatment substantially eliminates the double taxation at the
corporate and shareholder levels that results from investment in a corporation or an entity treated as a corporation for federal
income tax purposes. Rather, income generated by a REIT generally is taxed only at the shareholder level upon a distribution of
dividends by the REIT. Net operating losses, foreign tax credits and other tax attributes of a REIT do not pass through to the
shareholders of the REIT, subject to special rules for certain items such as capital gains recognized by REITs. See Federal
Income Taxation of Shareholders below. 

As a REIT, we will nonetheless be subject to
federal tax in the following circumstances: 

We will be taxed at regular corporate rates on any undistributed income, including undistributed net capital gains. 

If we have net income from prohibited transactions, which are, in general, sales or other dispositions of property,
other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, such income will be subject
to a 100 excise tax. See Prohibited Transactions and Foreclosure Property 
below. 

If we elect to treat property that we acquire in connection with a foreclosure of a mortgage loan or certain leasehold terminations
as foreclosure property, we may thereby avoid the 100 excise tax on gain from a resale of that property (if the
sale would otherwise constitute a prohibited transaction), but the income from the sale or operation of the property may be subject
to corporate income tax at the highest applicable rate (currently 21 ). 

We will be subject to a 100 penalty tax on
any redetermined rents, redetermined deductions, excess interest, and redetermined TRS service income. In general, redetermined
rents are rents from real property that are overstated as a result of services furnished by a taxable REIT subsidiary TRS of ours to any of our tenants. Redetermined deductions and excess interest represent amounts that are deducted
by a TRS of ours for amounts paid to us that are in excess of the amounts that would have been charged based on arm s-length
negotiations. Redetermined TRS service income is income of a TRS attributable to services provided to, or on behalf of, us (other
than services furnished or rendered to a tenant of ours) to the extent such income is lower than the income the TRS would have
earned based on arm s length negotiations. See Redetermined Rents, Redetermined Deductions, Excess Interest
and Redetermined TRS Service Income below. 

If we should fail to satisfy the 75 gross income
test or the 95 gross income test discussed below, due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect, and we maintain our
qualification as a REIT as a result of specified cure provisions, we will be subject to a 100 tax on an amount equal to (1) the
amount by which we fail the 75 gross income test or the amount by which we fail the 95 gross income test (whichever is greater),
multiplied by (2) a fraction intended to reflect our profitability. 

If we fail to satisfy any of the REIT asset
tests (other than a de minimis failure of the 5 and 10 asset tests) described below, due to reasonable cause and not due to willful
neglect, and we maintain our REIT qualification as a result of specified cure provisions, we will be required to pay a tax equal
to the greater of 50,000 or the highest corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the nonqualifying
assets that caused us to fail such test. 

If we fail to satisfy any requirement of the
Code for qualifying as a REIT, other than a failure to satisfy the REIT gross income tests or asset tests, and the failure is due
to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect, we may retain our REIT qualification but we will be required to pay a penalty
of 50,000 for each such failure. 

If we should fail to distribute during each
calendar year at least the sum of (1) 85 of our REIT ordinary income (i.e., REIT taxable income 
excluding capital gain and without regard to the dividends paid deduction) for such year, (2) 95 of our REIT capital gain net
income for such year, and (3) any undistributed taxable income from prior periods, we would be subject to a 4 excise tax on the
excess of such sum over the aggregate of amounts actually distributed and retained amounts on which income tax is paid at the corporate
level. 

We may be required to pay monetary penalties
to the IRS in certain circumstances, including if we fail to meet certain record keeping requirements intended to monitor our compliance
with rules relating to the composition of a REIT s shareholders, as described below in Requirements for Qualification 
General. 

If we acquire any asset from a subchapter C
corporation in a transaction in which gain or loss is not recognized, and we subsequently recognize gain on the disposition of
any such asset during the five-year period (to which we refer in this section as the Recognition Period beginning
on the date on which we acquire the asset, then the excess of (1) the fair market value of the asset as of the beginning
of the Recognition Period, over (2) our adjusted basis in such asset as of the beginning of such Recognition Period (to which we
refer in this section as Built-in Gain will generally be (with certain adjustments) subject to tax at the highest
corporate income tax rate. Similar rules would apply if within the five-year period beginning on the first day of a taxable year
for which we re-qualify as a REIT after being subject to tax as a corporation under subchapter C of the Code for more than two
years we were to dispose of any assets that we held on such first day. 

Certain of our subsidiaries are corporations
and their earnings are subject to corporate income tax. 

In addition, we and our subsidiaries may be
subject to a variety of taxes, including payroll taxes, and state and local income, property and other taxes on our assets and
operations. We could also be subject to tax in situations and on transactions not currently contemplated. 

Requirements for Qualification General 

The Code defines a REIT as a corporation, trust
or association: 

(1) that is managed by one or more trustees or directors; 

(2) the beneficial ownership of which is evidenced by transferable shares or by transferable certificates of beneficial interest; 

(3) that would be taxable as a domestic corporation but for the special Code provisions applicable to REITs; 

(4) that is neither a financial institution nor an insurance company subject to certain provisions of the Code; 

(5) the beneficial ownership of which is held by 100 or more persons; 

(6) not more than 50 in value of the outstanding stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly through the application of certain
attribution rules, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain tax-exempt entities) during the last
half of each taxable year; and 

(7) that meets other tests described below, including tests with respect to the nature of its income and assets and the amount
of its distributions. 

The Code provides that conditions (1) through
(4) must be met during the entire taxable year and that condition (5) must be met during at least 335 days of a taxable year of
12 months, or during a proportionate part of a taxable year of less than 12 months. We believe that we have been organized and
operated in a manner that has allowed us to satisfy the requirements set forth in (1) through (7) above. In addition, our charter
currently includes certain restrictions regarding transfer of our shares of capital stock which are intended (among other things)
to assist us in continuing to satisfy the share ownership requirements described in (5) and (6) above. 

To monitor compliance with the share ownership
requirements, we are required to maintain records regarding the actual ownership of our shares. To do so, we must demand written
statements each year from the record holders of significant percentages of our shares in which the record holders are to disclose
the actual owners of such shares (that is, the persons required to include in gross income the dividends we paid). A list of those
persons failing or refusing to comply with this demand must be maintained as part of our records. Our failure to comply with these
record-keeping requirements could subject us to monetary penalties. A shareholder that fails or refuses to comply with the demand
is required by Treasury Regulations to submit a statement with its tax return disclosing the actual ownership of the shares and
other information. 

In addition, we may not elect to become a REIT
unless our taxable year is the calendar year. We satisfy this requirement. 

Effect of Subsidiary Entities 

Ownership of Partnership Interests. In
the case of a REIT that is a partner in a partnership (treating, as a partner of a partnership for this purpose, a member of a
limited liability company that is classified as a partnership for federal income tax purposes), Treasury Regulations provide that
the REIT will be deemed to own its proportionate share of the assets of the partnership, and the REIT will be deemed to be entitled
to the income of the partnership attributable to such share. The character of the assets and gross income of the partnership (determined
at the level of the partnership) are the same in the hands of the REIT for purposes of Section 856 of the Code, including satisfying
the gross income and asset tests described below. Accordingly, our proportionate share of the assets, liabilities, and items of
income of the Operating Partnership and our other subsidiary partnerships (provided that the subsidiary partnerships are not taxable
as corporations for federal income tax purposes) is treated as our assets, liabilities and items of income for purposes of applying
the requirements described in this summary (including the gross income and asset tests described below). One exception to the rule
described above is that, for purposes of the prohibition against holding securities having a value greater than 10 of the total
value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer discussed under Asset Tests below, a REIT s proportionate
share of any securities held by a partnership is not based solely on its capital interest in the partnership but also includes
its interest (as a creditor) in certain debt securities of the partnership (excluding straight debt and certain other
securities described under Asset Tests below). A summary of certain rules governing the federal income taxation
of partnerships and their partners is provided below in Tax Aspects of Investment in the Operating Partnership. 

Disregarded Subsidiaries. If
a REIT owns a corporate subsidiary that is a qualified REIT subsidiary, that subsidiary is disregarded for federal
income tax purposes, and all assets, liabilities and items of income, deduction and credit of the subsidiary are treated as assets,
liabilities and items of income, deduction and credit of the REIT itself, including for purposes of applying the gross income and
asset tests applicable to REITs summarized below. A qualified REIT subsidiary is any corporation, other than a taxable REIT
subsidiary (described below), that is wholly-owned by a REIT, or by other disregarded subsidiaries, or by a combination
of the two. Other entities we wholly own, including single member limited liability companies, are also generally disregarded as
separate entities for federal income tax purposes, including for purposes of applying the REIT income and asset tests described
below. Disregarded subsidiaries, along with our subsidiary partnerships, are sometimes referred to as pass-through subsidiaries. 
In the event that any of our disregarded subsidiaries ceases to be wholly-owned by us (for example, if any equity interest in the
subsidiary is acquired by a person other than us or one of our other disregarded subsidiaries), the subsidiary s separate
existence would no longer be disregarded for federal income tax purposes. Instead, it would have multiple owners and would be treated
as either a partnership or a taxable corporation. Such an event could, depending on the circumstances, adversely affect our ability
to satisfy the various asset and gross income requirements applicable to REITs, including the requirement that REITs generally
may not own, directly or indirectly, more than 10 (as measured by either voting power or value) of the securities of any one issuer.
See Income Tests and Asset Tests below. 

Taxable Subsidiaries. A
REIT may jointly elect with a subsidiary corporation, whether or not wholly-owned, to treat the subsidiary corporation as a TRS
of the REIT. In addition, a corporation (other than a REIT or qualified REIT subsidiary) is treated as a TRS if a TRS of a REIT
owns directly or indirectly securities possessing more than 35 of the total voting power, or having more than 35 of the total
value, of the outstanding securities of the corporation. We have interests in several corporations treated as TRSs. The separate
existence of a TRS or other taxable corporation, unlike a disregarded subsidiary as discussed above, is not ignored for federal
income tax purposes. Accordingly, our TRSs are subject to corporate income tax on their earnings, and this may reduce the aggregate
cash flow that we and our subsidiaries generate and thus our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 

A parent REIT is not treated as holding the
assets of a taxable subsidiary corporation or as receiving any undistributed income that the subsidiary earns. Rather, the stock
issued by the subsidiary is an asset in the hands of the parent REIT, and the REIT recognizes, as income, any dividends that it
receives from the subsidiary. This treatment can affect the income and asset test calculations that apply to the REIT. Because
a parent REIT does not include the assets and undistributed income of taxable subsidiary corporations in determining the parent s
compliance with the REIT requirements, these entities may be used by the parent REIT indirectly to undertake activities that the
applicable rules might otherwise preclude the parent REIT from doing directly or through pass-through subsidiaries (for example,
activities that give rise to certain categories of income, such as management fees, that do not qualify under the 75 and 95 gross
income tests described below). 

In addition, certain sections of the Code that
are intended to ensure that transactions between a parent REIT and its TRS occur at arm s length and on commercially reasonably
terms may prevent a TRS from deducting interest on debt funded directly or indirectly by its parent REIT if certain tests regarding
the TRS s debt to equity ratio and interest expense are not satisfied. 

Income Tests 

In order to maintain qualification as a REIT,
we must annually satisfy two gross income requirements. First, at least 75 of our gross income for each taxable year, excluding
gross income from sales of inventory or dealer property in prohibited transactions, must derive from (1) investments
in real property or mortgages on real property, including rents from real property, dividends received from other
REITs, interest income derived from mortgage loans secured by real property (including certain types of mortgage-backed securities),
interest on mortgage loans secured by both real and personal property if the fair market value of such personal property does not
exceed 15 of the total fair market value of all property securing the loans, and gains from the sale of real estate assets, or
(2) certain kinds of temporary investment of new capital. Second, at least 95 of our gross income in each taxable year, excluding
gross income from prohibited transactions, must derive from some combination of such income from investments in real property and
temporary investment of new capital (that is, income that qualifies under the 75 income test described above), as well as other
dividends, interest, and gain from the sale or disposition of stock or securities, which need not have any relation to real property.
Income from debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs is qualifying income for purposes of the 95 gross income test, but
is not qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test unless such debt instruments would otherwise be treated as real
estate assets. 

From time to time, we enter into transactions,
such as interest rate swaps, that hedge our risk with respect to one or more of our assets or liabilities. Any income we derive
from hedging transactions entered into prior to July 31, 2008, will be nonqualifying income for purposes of
the 75 gross income test. Income from hedging transactions that are clearly identified in the manner specified by
the Code will not constitute gross income, and will not be counted, for purposes of the 75 gross income test if entered into by
us on or after July 31, 2008, and will not constitute gross income, and will not be counted, for purposes of the 95 gross
income test if entered into by us on or after January 1, 2005. The term hedging transaction, as used above,
generally means any transaction into which we enter in the normal course of our business primarily to manage risk of interest rate
changes or fluctuations with respect to borrowings made or to be made by us in order to acquire or carry real estate assets. Certain
income from hedging transactions to hedge existing hedging positions after any portion of the hedged indebtedness or property is
disposed of will also be disregarded for purposes of the 95 and 75 gross income tests. We intend to structure our hedging activities
in a manner that does not jeopardize our status as a REIT. 

For purposes of satisfying the 75 and 95 gross
income tests, rents from real property generally include rents from interests in real property, charges for services
customarily furnished or rendered in connection with the rental of real property (whether or not such charges are separately stated),
and rent attributable to personal property which is leased under, or in connection with, a lease of real property. However, the
inclusion of these items as rents from real property is subject to the conditions described immediately below. 

Any amount received or accrued, directly or
indirectly, with respect to any real or personal property cannot be based in whole or in part on the income or profits of any person
from such property. However, an amount received or accrued generally will not be excluded from rents from real property solely
by reason of being based on a fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or sales. In addition, amounts received or accrued based
on income or profits do not include amounts received from a tenant based on the tenant s income from the property if the
tenant derives substantially all of its income with respect to such property from leasing or subleasing substantially all of such
property, provided that the tenant receives from subtenants only amounts that would be treated as rents from real property if received
directly by the REIT. 

Amounts received from a tenant generally will
not qualify as rents from real property in satisfying the gross income tests if the REIT directly, indirectly, or constructively
owns, (1) in the case of a tenant which is a corporation, 10 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock
entitled to vote or 10 or more of the total value of shares of all classes of stock of such tenant, or (2) in the case of a tenant
which is not a corporation, an interest of 10 or more in the assets or net profits of such tenant. (Such a tenant is referred
to in this section as a Related Party Tenant. Rents that we receive from a Related Party Tenant that is also a TRS
of ours, however, will not be excluded from the definition of rents from real property if at least 90 of
the space at the property to which the rents relate is leased to third parties, and the rents paid by the TRS are substantially
comparable to rents paid by our other tenants for comparable space. Whether rents paid by our TRS are substantially comparable
to rents paid by our other tenants is determined at the time the lease with the TRS is entered into, extended, and modified, if
such modification increases the rents due under such lease. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, if a
lease with a controlled TRS is modified and such modification results in an increase in the rents payable by such
TRS, any such increase will not qualify as rents from real property. For purposes of this rule, a controlled TRS
is a TRS in which we own stock possessing more than 50 of the voting power or more than 50 of the total value. 

If rent attributable to personal property leased
in connection with a lease of real property is greater than 15 of the total rent received under the lease, then the portion of
rent attributable to such personal property will not qualify as rents from real property. The determination of whether more than
15 of the rents received by a REIT from a property is attributable to personal property is based upon a comparison of the fair
market value of the personal property leased by the tenant to the fair market value of all the property leased by the tenant. 

Rents from real property do not include any
amount received or accrued directly or indirectly by a REIT for services furnished or rendered to tenants of a property or for
managing or operating a property, unless the services furnished or rendered, or management or operations provided, are of a type
that a tax-exempt organization can provide to its tenants without causing its rental income to be unrelated business taxable income
under the Code (that is, unless they are of a type usually or customarily rendered in connection with the rental of space
for occupancy only or are not considered primarily for the tenant s convenience ). Services, management,
or operations which, if provided by a tax-exempt organization, would give rise to unrelated business taxable income (referred to
in this section as Impermissible Tenant Services will not be treated as provided by the REIT if provided by either
an independent contractor (as defined in the Code) who is adequately compensated and from whom the REIT does not
derive any income, or by a TRS. If an amount received or accrued by a REIT for providing Impermissible Tenant Services to tenants
of a property exceeds 1 of all amounts received or accrued by the REIT with respect to such property in any year, none of such
amounts will constitute rents from real property. For purposes of this test, the income received from Impermissible Tenant Services
is deemed to be at least 150 of the direct cost of providing the services. If the 1 threshold is not exceeded, only the amounts
received for providing Impermissible Tenant Services will not constitute rents from real property. 

Substantially all of our income derives from
the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership s income derives largely from rent attributable to our properties (which
properties are referred to in this section as the Properties ). The Operating Partnership also derives income from
its TRSs insofar as they pay dividends on shares owned by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership does not, and is
not expected to, charge rent that is based in whole or in part on the income or profits of any person (but does charge rent based
on a fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or sales). The Operating Partnership does not, and is not anticipated to, derive
rent attributable to personal property leased in connection with real property that exceeds 15 of the total rent for such property. 

In addition, we do not believe that we derive
(through the Operating Partnership) rent from a Related Party Tenant. However, the determination of whether we own 10 or more
(as measured by either voting power or value) of any tenant is made after the application of complex attribution rules under which
we will be treated as owning interests in tenants that are owned by our Ten Percent Shareholders. In identifying
our Ten Percent Shareholders, each individual or entity will be treated as owning shares held by related individuals and entities.
Accordingly, we cannot be absolutely certain whether all Related Party Tenants have been or will be identified. Although rent derived
from a Related Party Tenant will not qualify as rents from real property and, therefore, will not be qualifying income under the
75 or 95 gross income test, we believe that the aggregate amount of any such rental income (together with any other nonqualifying
income) in any taxable year will not cause us to exceed the limits on nonqualifying income under such gross income tests. 

The Operating Partnership provides certain services
with respect to the Properties (and expects to provide such services with respect to any newly acquired properties) through certain
TRSs. Because the services are provided through our TRSs, the provision of such services will not cause the amounts received by
us (through our ownership interest in the Operating Partnership) with respect to the Properties to fail to qualify as rents from
real property for purposes of the 75 and 95 gross income tests. 

We may (through one or more pass-through subsidiaries)
indirectly receive distributions from TRSs or other corporations that are neither REITs nor qualified REIT subsidiaries. These
distributions will be classified as dividend income to the extent of the earnings and profits of the distributing corporation.
Such distributions will generally constitute qualifying income for purposes of the 95 gross income test, but not for purposes
of the 75 gross income test. 

In sum, our investment in real properties through
the Operating Partnership and the provision of services with respect to those properties through TRSs, gives and will give rise
mostly to rental income qualifying under the 75 and 95 gross income tests. Gains on sales of such properties, or of our interest
in such properties or in the Operating Partnership, will generally qualify under the 75 and 95 gross income tests. We anticipate
that income on our other investments will not result in our failing the 75 or 95 gross income test for any year. 

If we fail to satisfy one or both of the 75 
and 95 gross income tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless qualify as a REIT for such year if we are entitled to relief
under certain provisions of the Code. We may avail ourselves of the relief provisions if: (1) following our identification of the
failure to meet the 75 or 95 gross income test for any taxable year, we file a schedule with the IRS setting forth each item
of our gross income for purposes of the 75 or 95 gross income test for such taxable year in accordance with Treasury Regulations
to be issued; and (2) our failure to meet the test was due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect. It is not possible,
however, to state whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to the benefit of these relief provisions. As discussed above
in Taxation of REITs in General, even if these relief provisions apply, a tax would be imposed with respect
to the excess nonqualifying gross income. 

Asset Tests 

At the close of each calendar quarter of our
taxable year, we must also satisfy the following four tests relating to the nature of our assets. For purposes of each of these
tests, our assets are deemed to include the assets of any disregarded subsidiary and our share of the assets of any subsidiary
partnership, such as the Operating Partnership. 

At least 75 of the value of our total assets
must be represented by some combination of real estate assets, cash, cash items, U.S. government securities,
and, under some circumstances, stock or debt instruments purchased with new capital. For this purpose, real estate assets 
include interests in real property, such as land, buildings, leasehold interests in real property, stock of corporations that qualify
as REITs, some kinds of mortgage-backed securities and mortgage loans, anddebt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs, personal
property leased in connection with a lease of real property to the extent that rent attributable to such personal property meets
the 15 test described above to qualify as rents from real property for purposes of the 75 income test, and debt
secured by a mortgage on both real and personal property if the fair market value of the personal property securing the debt does
not exceed 15 of the total fair market value of all property securing the debt. 

The aggregate value of all securities of TRSs
we hold may not exceed 20 of the value of our total assets. 

The value of any one issuer s securities
owned by us may not exceed 5 of the value of our assets. This asset test does not apply to securities of TRSs or to any security
that qualifies as a real estate asset. 

We may not own more than 10 of any one issuer s
outstanding securities, as measured by either voting power or value. This asset test does not apply to securities of TRSs or to
any security that qualifies as a real estate asset. In addition, solely for purposes of the 10 value test, certain
types of securities, including certain straight debt securities, are disregarded. 

No more than 25 of the value of our assets
can consist of debt instruments of publicly offered REITs unless they would otherwise be treated as real estate assets. 

No securities issued by a corporation or partnership
will qualify as straight debt if we own (or a TRS in which we own a greater than 50 interest, as measured by vote
or value owns) other securities of such issuer that represent more than 1 of the total value of all securities of such issuer. 

Debt instruments issued by a partnership that
do not qualify as straight debt are (1) not subject to the 10 value test to the extent of our interest as a partner
in that partnership and (2) completely excluded from the 10 value test if at least 75 of the partnership s gross income
(excluding income from prohibited transactions consists of income qualifying under the 75 gross income test. In
addition, the 10 value test does not apply to (1) any loan made to an individual or an estate, (2) certain rental agreements in
which one or more payments are to be made in subsequent years (other than agreements between us and certain persons related to
us), (3) any obligation to pay rents from real property, (4) securities issued by governmental entities that are not dependent
in whole or in part on the profits of (or payments made by) a non-governmental entity, and (5) any security issued by another
REIT. 

We are deemed to own, for purposes of the 10 
value test, the securities held by a partnership based on our proportionate interest in any securities issued by the partnership
(excluding straight debt and the securities described in the last sentence of the preceding paragraph). Thus, our
proportionate share is not based solely on our capital interest in the partnership but also includes our interest in certain debt
securities issued by the partnership. 

After meeting the asset tests at the close of
any quarter, we will not lose our status as a REIT for failure to satisfy the asset tests at the end of a later quarter solely
by reason of changes in asset values. If the failure to satisfy the asset tests results from an acquisition of securities or other
property during a quarter, the failure can be cured by a disposition of sufficient nonqualifying assets within 30 days after the
close of that quarter. We believe that we maintain adequate records with respect to the nature and value of our assets to enable
us to comply with the asset tests and to enable us to take such action within 30 days after the close of any quarter as may be
required to cure any noncompliance. There can be no assurance, however, that we will always successfully take such action. 

Certain relief provisions may be available to
us if we discover a failure to satisfy the asset tests described above after the 30-day cure period. Under these provisions, we
will be deemed to have met the 5 and 10 asset tests if the value of our nonqualifying assets (1) does not exceed the lesser of 
(a) 1 of the total value of our assets at the end of the applicable quarter or (b) 10,000,000 and (2) we dispose of the nonqualifying
assets or otherwise satisfy such tests within (a) six months after the last day of the quarter in which the failure to satisfy
the asset tests is discovered or (b) the period of time prescribed by Treasury Regulations to be issued. For violations of any
asset tests due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect and that are, in the case of the 5 and 10 asset tests, in
excess of the de minimis exception described in the preceding sentence, we may avoid disqualification as a REIT after the 30-day
cure period by taking steps including (1) the disposition of sufficient nonqualifying assets or the taking of other actions that
allow us to meet the asset tests within (a) six months after the last day of the quarter in which the failure to satisfy the asset
tests is discovered or (b) the period of time prescribed by Treasury Regulations to be issued, (2) paying a tax equal to the greater
of (a) 50,000 or (b) the highest corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the nonqualifying assets,
and (3) disclosing certain information to the IRS. Although we believe that we have satisfied the asset tests described above and
plan to take steps to ensure that we satisfy such tests for any calendar quarter with respect to which re-testing is to occur,
there can be no assurance that we will always be successful or that a reduction in our overall interest in an issuer (including
a TRS) will not be required. If we fail to cure any noncompliance with the asset tests in a timely manner and the relief provisions
described above are not available, we would cease to qualify as a REIT. See Failure to Qualify below. 

We believe that our holdings of securities and
other assets have complied and will continue to comply with the foregoing REIT asset requirements, and we intend to monitor compliance
on an ongoing basis. No independent appraisals have been obtained, however, to support our conclusions as to the value of our total
assets, or the value of any particular security or securities. Moreover, values of some assets may not be susceptible to a precise
determination, and values are subject to change in the future. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not contend
that we fail to meet the REIT asset requirements by reason of our interests in our subsidiaries or in the securities of other issuers
or for some other reason. 

Annual Distribution Requirement 

To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we
are required to distribute dividends (other than capital gain dividends) to our shareholders each year in an amount at least equal
to: (1) the sum of (a) 90 of our 

REIT taxable income (which is
our taxable income exclusive of net income from foreclosure property, and with certain other adjustments) but computed without
regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain, and (b) 90 of the excess of our net income, if any, from foreclosure
property (described below) over the tax imposed on that income; minus (2) the sum of certain items of non-cash income. 

These distributions must be paid in the taxable
year to which they relate, or in the following taxable year if the distributions are declared before we timely file our tax return
for the taxable year to which they relate, the distributions are paid on or before the first regular dividend payment after such
declaration, and we make an election to treat the distributions as relating to the prior taxable year. In order for distributions
to be counted for this purpose, and to give rise to a tax deduction by us, they must not be preferential dividends. 
A dividend is not a preferential dividend if it is pro rata among all outstanding shares within a particular class, and is in accordance
with the preferences among different classes of shares as set forth in our organizational documents. Tthe preferential dividend
rules do not apply to publicly offered REITs . A publicly offered REIT means a REIT that is required
to file annual and periodic reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. We are a publicly offered REIT. In addition, any dividend
we declare in October, November, or December of any year and payable to a shareholder of record on a specified date in any such
month will be treated as both paid by us and received by the shareholder on December 31 of such year, provided that we actually
pay the dividend before the end of January of the following calendar year. 

To the extent that we distribute at least 90 ,
but less than 100 , of our REIT taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and with
certain adjustments), we will be subject to tax at ordinary corporate rates on the retained portion. We may elect to retain, rather
than distribute, our net long-term capital gains and pay tax on such gains. In this case, we could elect to have our shareholders
include their proportionate share of such undistributed long-term capital gains in income, and to receive a corresponding credit
for their share of the tax we paid. Our shareholders would then increase the adjusted basis of their shares by the difference between
the designated amounts included in their long-term capital gains and the tax deemed paid with respect to their shares. 

Net operating losses that we are allowed to
carry forward from prior tax years may reduce the amount of distributions that we must make in order to comply with the REIT distribution
requirements. Such losses, however, will generally not affect the character, in the hands of the shareholders, of any distributions
that are actually made by us, which are generally taxable to the shareholders as dividends to the extent that we have current or
accumulated earnings and profits. See Federal Income Taxation of Shareholders Federal Income Taxation of Taxable
Domestic Shareholders Distributions below. 

If we fail to distribute during each calendar
year at least the sum of: (1) 85 of our REIT ordinary income (i.e., REIT taxable income excluding
capital gain and without regard to the dividends paid deduction) for that year; (2) 95 of our REIT capital gain net income for
that year; and (3) any undistributed taxable income from prior periods, we would be subject to a 4 excise tax on the excess of
such sum over the aggregate of amounts actually distributed and retained amounts on which income tax is paid at the corporate level.
We believe that we have made, and intend to continue to make, distributions in such a manner so as not to be subject to the 4 
excise tax. 

We intend to make timely distributions sufficient
to satisfy the annual distribution requirement. In this regard, the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership provides
that we, as general partner, must use our best efforts to cause the Operating Partnership to distribute to its partners amounts
sufficient to permit us to meet this distribution requirement. It is possible that, from time to time, we may not have sufficient
cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90 distribution requirement, as a result of timing differences between the actual receipt
of cash (including distributions from the Operating Partnership) and actual payment of expenses on the one hand, and the inclusion
of such income and deduction of such expenses in computing our REIT taxable income on the other hand. To avoid any
failure to comply with the 90 distribution requirement, we will closely monitor the relationship between our REIT taxable
income and cash flow, and if necessary, will borrow funds (or cause the Operating Partnership or other affiliates to borrow
funds) in order to satisfy the distribution requirement. 

Under certain circumstances, we may be able
to cure a failure to meet the distribution requirement for a year by paying deficiency dividends to shareholders
in a later year, which may be included in our deduction for dividends paid for the earlier year. Thus, we may be able to avoid
both losing our REIT status and being taxed on amounts distributed as deficiency dividends. We will be required to pay interest,
however, based upon the amount of any deduction taken for deficiency dividends. 

Failure to Qualify 

Specified cure provisions are available to us
in the event that we violate a provision of the Code that would otherwise result in our failure to qualify as a REIT. Except with
respect to violations of the REIT income tests and asset tests (for which the cure provisions are described above), and provided
the violation is due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect, these cure provisions impose a 50,000 penalty for each
violation in lieu of a loss of REIT status. If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT in any taxable year, and the relief provisions
do not apply, we will be subject to tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate
rates. Distributions to shareholders in any year in which we fail to qualify will not be deductible by us, nor will they be required
to be made. In such event, to the extent of current and accumulated earnings and profits, all distributions to shareholders will
be taxable as dividends and, subject to certain limitations in the Code, corporate distributees may be eligible for the dividends
received deduction. Unless entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions, we will also be disqualified from taxation as
a REIT for the four taxable years following the year of termination of our REIT status. It is not possible to state whether in
all circumstances we would be entitled to this statutory relief. 

Prohibited Transactions 

Net income derived from a prohibited
transaction is subject to a 100 excise tax. The term prohibited transaction includes a sale or other disposition
of property (other than foreclosure property) that is held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or
business. The Operating Partnership owns interests in real property that is situated on the periphery of certain of the Properties.
We and the Operating Partnership believe that this peripheral property is not held primarily for sale to customers and that the
sale of such peripheral property will not be in the ordinary course of the Operating Partnership s business. We intend to
conduct our operations so that no asset owned by us or our pass-through subsidiaries will be held primarily for sale to customers,
and that a sale of any such asset will not be a prohibited transaction subject to the 100 excise tax. Whether property is held
primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business depends, however, on the facts and circumstances as they
exist from time to time, including those relating to a particular property. As a result, no assurance can be given that the IRS
will not recharacterize property we own as property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business,
or that we can comply with certain safe-harbor provisions of the Code that would prevent such treatment. In the event we determine
that a property, the ultimate sale of which is expected to result in taxable gain, will be regarded as held primarily for sale
to customers in the ordinary course of trade or business, we intend to cause such property to be acquired by or transferred to
a TRS so that gain from such sale will be subject to regular corporate income tax as discussed above under Effect
of Subsidiary Entities Taxable Subsidiaries. 

Foreclosure Property 

Foreclosure property is real property and any
personal property incident to such real property (1) that is acquired by a REIT as the result of the REIT s having bid in
the property at foreclosure, or having otherwise reduced the property to ownership or possession by agreement or process of law,
after there was a default (or default was imminent) on a lease of the property or on a mortgage loan held by the REIT and secured
by the property, (2) the loan or lease related to which was acquired by the REIT at a time when default was not imminent or anticipated,
and (3) that such REIT makes a proper election to treat as foreclosure property. REITs are subject to tax at the maximum corporate
rate (currently 35 on any net income from foreclosure property, including any gain from the disposition of the foreclosure property,
other than income that would otherwise be qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test. Any gain from the sale of
property for which a foreclosure property election has been made will not be subject to the 100 excise tax on gains from prohibited
transactions described above, even if the property would otherwise constitute dealer property (i.e., property held primarily for
sale to customers in the ordinary course of business) in the hands of the selling REIT. A TRS may operate property on which a REIT
has made a foreclosure property election without loss of foreclosure property status. 

Redetermined Rents, Redetermined Deductions, Excess
Interest, and Redetermined TRS Service Income 

Any redetermined rents, redetermined deductions,
or excess interest we generate will be subject to a 100 penalty tax. In general, redetermined rents are rents from real property
that are overstated as a result of services furnished by a TRS to any of our tenants, and redetermined deductions and excess interest
represent amounts that are deducted by a TRS for amounts paid to us that are in excess of the amounts that would have been charged
based on arm s length negotiations. Under safe harbor provisions of the Code, rents we receive from tenants
of a property will not constitute redetermined rents (by reason of the performance of services by any TRS to such tenants) if: 

So much of such amounts as constitutes impermissible tenant service income does not exceed 1 of all amounts received or accrued
during the year with respect to the property; 

The TRS renders a significant amount of similar services to unrelated parties and the charges for such services are substantially
comparable; 

Rents paid by tenants leasing at least 25 of the net leasable space in the property who are not receiving services from the
TRS are substantially comparable to the rents paid by tenants leasing comparable space who are receiving such services from the
TRS and the charge for the services is separately stated; or 

The TRS s gross income from the service is not less than 150 of the subsidiary s direct cost in furnishing the
service. 

Any redetermined TRS service income will also
be subject to a 100 penalty tax. Redetermined TRS service income is income of a TRS attributable to services provided to, or on
behalf of, us (other than services furnished or rendered to a tenant of ours) to the extent such income is lower than the income
the TRS would have earned based on arm s length negotiations. 

Tax Aspects of Investment in the Operating Partnership 

General 

We hold a direct interest in the Operating Partnership,
which is classified as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. The Operating Partnership, together with any entities treated
as partnerships for federal income tax purposes that we hold an interest in, are referred to as the Partnerships. 
In general, partnerships are pass-through entities that are not subject to federal income tax. Rather, partners are
allocated their proportionate shares of the items of income, gain, loss, deduction, and credit of a partnership, and are potentially
subject to tax thereon, without regard to whether the partners receive a distribution from the partnership. We will include our
proportionate share of the foregoing partnership items in computing our REIT taxable income. See Taxation
of the Company Income Tests above. Any resultant increase in our REIT taxable income will increase
the amount we must distribute to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement (see Taxation of the Company Annual Distribution
Requirement above) but will generally not be subject to federal income tax in our hands provided that we distribute such
income to our shareholders. 

Entity Classification 

Our interests in the Partnerships involve special
tax considerations, including the possibility of a challenge by the IRS to the status of the Operating Partnership or any other
Partnership as a partnership (as opposed to an association taxable as a corporation) for federal income tax purposes. In general,
under certain Treasury Regulations which became effective January 1, 1997 (referred to in this section as the Check-the-Box
Regulations ), an unincorporated entity with at least two members may elect to be classified either as a corporation or as
a partnership for federal income tax purposes. If such an entity does not make an election, it generally will be treated as a partnership
for federal income tax purposes. For such an entity that was in existence prior to January 1, 1997, such as the Operating
Partnership and some of the Partnerships, the entity will have the same classification (unless it elects otherwise) that it claimed
under the rules in effect prior to the Check-the-Box Regulations. In addition, the federal income tax classification of an entity
that was in existence prior to January 1, 1997 will be respected for all periods prior to January 1, 1997 if 
(1) the entity had a reasonable basis for its claimed classification, (2) the entity and all members of the entity recognized the
federal income tax consequences of any changes in the entity s classification within the 60 months prior to January 1,
1997, and (3) neither the entity nor any member of the entity was notified in writing by a taxing authority on or before May 8,
1996 that the classification of the entity was under examination. We believe that the Operating Partnership and any other partnerships
in which we previously directly or indirectly held an interest that existed prior to January 1, 1997 reasonably claimed partnership
classification under the Treasury Regulations relating to entity classification in effect prior to January 1, 1997, and such
classification should be respected for federal income tax purposes. Each of them intends to continue to be classified as a partnership
for federal income tax purposes, and none of them intends to elect to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation under
the Check-the-Box Regulations. 

If the Operating Partnership or any of the other
Partnerships were to be treated as an association, it would be taxable as a corporation and therefore subject to an entity-level
tax on its income. In such a situation, the character of our assets and items of gross income would change, which would likely
preclude us from satisfying the asset tests and possibly the income tests (see Taxation of the Company Income Tests 
and Taxation of the Company Asset Tests above), and in turn would prevent us from qualifying as a REIT, unless
we were eligible for relief under the relief provisions described above. See Taxation of the Company Failure to
Qualify above for discussion of the effect of our failure to satisfy the REIT tests for a taxable year. In addition, any
change in the status of any of the Partnerships for federal income tax purposes might be treated as a taxable event, in which case
we could have taxable income that is subject to the REIT distribution requirement without receiving any cash. 

Tax Allocations with Respect to the Properties 

Pursuant to Section 704(c) of the Code and applicable
Treasury Regulations, income, gain, loss, and deduction attributable to appreciated or depreciated property that is contributed
to a partnership in exchange for an interest in the partnership (such as the Properties contributed to the Operating Partnership
by the limited partners of the Operating Partnership) must be allocated in such a manner that the contributing partner is charged
with, or benefits from, the unrealized gain or unrealized loss, respectively, associated with the property at the time of the contribution.
The amount of such unrealized gain or unrealized loss is equal to the difference between the fair market value of the contributed
property at the time of contribution and the adjusted tax basis of such property at the time of contribution (referred to in this
section as the Book-Tax Difference ). Such allocations are solely for federal income tax purposes and do not affect
the book capital accounts or other economic or legal arrangements among the partners. The Operating Partnership was formed with
contributions of appreciated property (including the Properties contributed by the limited partners of the Operating Partnership).
Consequently, the Operating Partnership s partnership agreement requires allocations to be made in a manner consistent with
Section 704(c) of the Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations. If a partner contributes cash to a partnership at a time when
the partnership holds appreciated (or depreciated) property, the applicable Treasury Regulations provide for a similar allocation
of these items to the other (that is, the pre-existing) partners. These rules may apply to any contribution by us to the Partnerships
of cash proceeds received from offerings of our securities, including any offering of common shares, preferred shares, or warrants
contemplated by the Prospectus. 

In general, the partners that contributed appreciated
Properties to the Operating Partnership will be allocated less depreciation, and increased taxable gain on sale, of such Properties.
This will tend to eliminate the Book-Tax Difference. However, the special allocation rules of Section 704(c) and the applicable
Treasury Regulations do not always rectify the Book-Tax Difference on an annual basis or with respect to a specific taxable transaction
such as a sale. Under the applicable Treasury Regulations, special allocations of income and gain and depreciation deductions must
be made on a property-by-property basis. Depreciation deductions resulting from the carryover basis of a contributed property are
used to eliminate the Book-Tax Difference by allocating such deductions to the non-contributing partners (for example, to us) up
to the amount of their share of book depreciation. Any remaining tax depreciation for the contributed property would be allocated
to the partners who contributed the property. The Operating Partnership has generally elected the traditional method 
of rectifying the Book-Tax Difference under the applicable Treasury Regulations, pursuant to which if depreciation deductions are
less than the non-contributing partners share of book depreciation, then the non-contributing partners lose the benefit
of the tax deductions to the extent of the difference. When the property is sold, the resulting tax gain is used to the extent
possible to eliminate any remaining Book-Tax Difference. Under the traditional method, it is possible that the carryover basis
of the contributed assets in the hands of a Partnership may cause us to be allocated less depreciation and other deductions than
would otherwise be allocated to us. This may cause us to recognize taxable income in excess of cash proceeds, which might adversely
affect our ability to comply with the REIT distribution requirement. See Taxation of the Company Annual Distribution
Requirement above. 

With respect to property purchased by (and not
contributed to) a Partnership, such property will initially have a tax basis equal to its fair market value, and Section 704(c)
of the Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations will not apply unless such property is subsequently revalued for capital accounting
purposes under applicable Treasury Regulations. 

Sale of the Properties 

The Operating Partnership intends to hold the
Properties for investment with a view to long-term appreciation, to engage in the business of acquiring, developing, owning, and
operating the Properties and other shopping centers and to make such occasional sales of the Properties as are consistent with
our investment objectives. We do not currently hold any Properties through any Partnerships other than the Operating Partnership.
Based primarily on such investment objectives, we believe that the Properties should not be considered dealer property (i.e., property
held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business). Whether property is dealer property is a question of fact that
depends on the particular facts and circumstances with respect to the particular transaction. No assurance can be given that any
property sold by us or any of our Partnerships will not be dealer property, or that we can comply with certain safe-harbor provisions
of the Code that would prevent such treatment. Our share of any gain realized by the Operating Partnership or any other Partnerships
on the sale of any dealer property generally will be treated as income from a prohibited transaction that is subject to a 100 
penalty tax. See Taxation of the Company Prohibited Transactions above. In the event we determine that a
property, the ultimate sale of which is expected to result in taxable gain, will be held primarily for sale to customers in the
ordinary course of a trade or business, we intend to cause such property to be acquired by or transferred to a TRS so that gain
from such sale will be subject to regular corporate income tax as discussed above under Effect of Subsidiary Entities
 Taxable Subsidiaries. 

Partnership Audit Rules 

Pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015,
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, if the IRS makes audit adjustments to the income tax returns of the Operating
Partnership or any other Partnership, it may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting
from such audit adjustment directly from the Operating Partnership or such other Partnership. The Operating Partnership or any
other Partnership may elect to have its partners take such audit adjustment into account in accordance with their interests in
the Operating Partnership or such other Partnership during the tax year under audit, but there can be no assurance that such election
will be effective in all circumstances. If, as a result of any such audit adjustment, the Operating Partnership or any other Partnership
is required to make payments of taxes, penalties and interest, the cash available for distribution to its partners might be substantially
reduced. These rules are not applicable for tax years beginning on or prior to December 31, 2017 (unless the Operating Partnership
or other Partnership elects for these rules to apply on an earlier date, which the Operating Partnership and any other Partnerships
do not expect to make). 

Federal Income Taxation of Shareholders 

As used herein, a taxable domestic shareholder 
means a beneficial owner of our shares or warrants, who is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 

a citizen or individual resident of the U.S. as defined in section 7701(b) of the Code; 

a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the
laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 

an estate the income of which is subject federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 

a trust if it (a) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the U.S. and one or more U.S. persons have the authority
to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) was in existence on August 20, 1996 and has a valid election in effect
under applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. 

If a partnership, including for this purpose
any entity treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, holds stock or warrants issued by us, the tax treatment of
a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. 

This summary assumes that investors will hold
their securities as capital assets, which generally means assets held for investment. 

Federal Income Taxation of Taxable Domestic Shareholders

Distributions. As a
result of our status as a REIT, distributions made to our taxable domestic shareholders out of current or accumulated earnings
and profits, and not designated as capital gain dividends, will generally be taken into account by them as ordinary income and
will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction for corporations. However, for taxable years prior to 2026, generally
individual stockholders are allowed to deduct 20 of the aggregate amount of ordinary dividends distributed by us, subject to certain
limitations, which would reduce the maximum marginal effective tax rate for individuals on the receipt of such ordinary dividends
to 29.6 . The maximum federal income tax rate applicable to corporations is 21 and that applicable to ordinary income of individuals
is currently 37 . 

The maximum individual rate of tax on dividends
and long-term capital gains is generally 20 . Because we are not generally subject to federal income tax on the portion of our
REIT taxable income or capital gains distributed to our shareholders, our dividends are generally not eligible for this 20 tax
rate on dividends. As a result, our ordinary REIT dividends will continue to be taxed at the higher tax rates applicable to ordinary
income. However, the 20 tax rate will generally apply to: 

our dividends attributable to dividends received by us from non-REIT corporations, such as TRSs; 

our dividends attributable to our REIT taxable income in the prior taxable year on which we were subject to corporate level
income tax (net of the amount of such tax); and 

our dividends attributable to income in the prior taxable year from the sale of appreciated (i.e., Built-in Gain) property
acquired by us from C corporations in carryover basis transactions or held by us on the first day of a taxable year
for which we first re-qualify as a REIT after being subject to tax as a C corporation for more than two years (net
of the amount of corporate tax on such income). 

Distributions that are designated as capital
gain dividends will be taxed to shareholders as long-term capital gains, to the extent that they do not exceed our actual net capital
gain for the taxable year, without regard to the period for which the shareholder has held its shares. A similar treatment will
apply to long-term capital gains we retain, to the extent that we elect the application of provisions of the Code that treat shareholders
of a REIT as having received, for federal income tax purposes, undistributed capital gains of the REIT, while passing through to
shareholders a corresponding credit for taxes paid by the REIT on such retained capital gains. The aggregate amount of dividends
that we may designate as qualified dividend income or as capital gain dividends cannot exceed the dividends actually paid by us
during such year. In addition, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to prescribe regulations or other guidance requiring
proportionality of the designation of particular types of dividends. Corporate shareholders may be required to treat up to 20 
of some capital gain dividends as ordinary income. Long-term capital gains are generally taxable at maximum federal rates of 20 
in the case of shareholders who are individuals, and 35 for corporations. Capital gains attributable to the sale of depreciable
real property held for more than 12 months are subject to a 25 maximum federal income tax rate for taxpayers who are individuals,
to the extent of previously claimed depreciation deductions. Pursuant to Treasury Regulations to be promulgated by the U.S. Treasury
Department, a portion of our distributions may be subject to the alternative minimum tax to the extent of our items of tax preference,
if any, allocated to the shareholders. 

Distributions in excess of current and accumulated
earnings and profits will not be taxable to a shareholder to the extent that they do not exceed the adjusted basis of the shareholder s
common or preferred shares in respect of which the distributions were made, but rather, will reduce the adjusted basis of those
common or preferred shares. To the extent that such distributions exceed the adjusted basis of a shareholder s shares, they
will be included in income as long-term capital gain, or short-term capital gain if the shares have been held for one year or less.
In addition, any dividend we declare in October, November or December of any year and payable to a shareholder of record on a specified
date in any such month will be treated both as paid by us and received by the shareholder on December 31 of such year, provided
that we actually pay the dividend before the end of January of the following calendar year. 

We may make distributions to shareholders paid
in common or preferred shares that are intended to be treated as dividends for federal income tax purposes. In that event, our
shareholders would generally have taxable income with respect to such distributions of our common or preferred shares and may have
tax liability by reason of such distributions in excess of the cash (if any) that is received by them. 

In determining the extent to which a distribution
with respect to our shares constitutes a dividend for tax purposes, our earnings and profits will be allocated first to distributions
with respect to our preferred shares and then to our common shares. In addition, the IRS has taken the position in published guidance
that if a REIT has two classes of shares, the amount of any particular type of income (including net capital gain) allocated to
each class in any year cannot exceed such class s proportionate share of such income based on the total dividends paid to
each class for such year. Consequently, if both common shares and preferred shares are outstanding, particular types of income
will be allocated in accordance with the classes proportionate shares of such income. Thus, net capital gain will be allocated
between holders of common shares and holders of preferred shares, if any, in proportion to the total dividends paid to each class
during the taxable year, or otherwise as required by applicable law. 

Net operating losses and capital losses that
we are allowed to carry forward from prior tax years may reduce the amount of distributions that we must make in order to comply
with the REIT distribution requirements. See Taxation of the Company Annual Distribution Requirement above.
Such losses, however, are not passed through to our shareholders and do not offset income of shareholders from other sources, nor
do they affect the character of any distributions that we actually make, which are generally taxable to our shareholders as dividends
to the extent that we have current or accumulated earnings and profits. 

We will be treated as having sufficient earnings
and profits for a year to treat as a dividend any distribution we make for such year up to the amount required to be distributed
in order to avoid imposition of the 4 federal excise tax discussed in Taxation of the Company Taxation of REITs
in General above. As a result, taxable domestic shareholders may be required to treat certain distributions as taxable dividends
even though we may have no overall, accumulated earnings and profits. Moreover, any deficiency dividend, which is
a dividend to our current shareholders that is permitted to relate back to a year for which the IRS determines a deficiency in
order to satisfy the distribution requirement for that year, will be treated as a dividend (an ordinary dividend or a capital gain
dividend, as the case may be) regardless of our earnings and profits for the year in which we pay the deficiency dividend. 

Certain domestic non-corporate taxpayers may
also be subject to an additional tax of 3.8 with respect to dividends on our shares of capital stock. See Material Federal
Income Tax Considerations Federal Income Taxation of Shareholders Disposition of Common and Preferred
Shares Medicare Tax. 

Disposition of Common and Preferred Shares 

In general, capital gains recognized by individuals
and other non-corporate shareholders upon the sale or disposition of common or preferred shares will be subject to a maximum federal
income tax rate of 20 (applicable to long-term capital gains) if the shares are held for more than 12 months, and will be taxed
at rates of up to 37 (applicable to short-term capital gains) if the shares are held for 12 months or less. Gains recognized by
shareholders that are corporations are subject to federal income tax at a maximum rate of 21 , whether or not classified as long-term
capital gains. Capital losses recognized by a shareholder upon the disposition of shares held for more than one year at the time
of disposition will be considered long-term capital losses, which are generally available first to offset long-term capital gain
(which is taxed at capital gain rates) and then short-term capital gain (which is taxed at ordinary income rates) of the shareholder,
but not ordinary income of the shareholder (except in the case of individuals, who may offset up to 3,000 of ordinary income each
year). Capital losses recognized by a shareholder upon the disposition of shares held for not more than one year are considered
short-term capital losses and are generally available first to offset short-term capital gain and then long-term capital gain of
the shareholder, but not ordinary income of the shareholder (except in the case of individuals, who may offset up to 3,000 of
ordinary income each year). In addition, any loss upon a sale or exchange of shares by a shareholder who has held the shares for
six months or less, after applying certain holding period rules, will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of distributions
received from us that are required to be treated by the shareholder as long-term capital gain. 

Certain domestic non-corporate taxpayers may
also be subject to an additional tax of 3.8 with respect to capital gains from the disposition of our shares of capital stock.
See Material Federal Income Tax Considerations Federal Income Taxation of Shareholders Disposition
of Common and Preferred Shares Medicare Tax. 

If a holder of common or preferred shares recognizes
a loss upon a disposition of those shares in an amount that exceeds a prescribed threshold, it is possible that the provisions
of certain Treasury Regulations involving reportable transactions could apply to require a disclosure filing with
the IRS concerning the loss-generating transaction. While these regulations are directed toward tax shelters, they
are quite broad, and apply to transactions that would not typically be considered tax shelters. The Code imposes significant penalties
for failure to comply with these requirements. Prospective shareholders should consult their tax advisors concerning any possible
disclosure obligation with respect to the receipt or disposition of common or preferred shares, or transactions that might be undertaken
directly or indirectly by us. Moreover, prospective shareholders should be aware that we and other participants in the transactions
involving us (including their advisors) might be subject to disclosure or other requirements pursuant to these regulations. 

A redemption of preferred shares will be treated
under Section 302 of the Code as a dividend subject to tax as such (to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits),
unless the redemption satisfies certain tests set forth in Section 302(b) of the Code enabling the redemption to be treated as
a sale or exchange of the preferred shares. The redemption will satisfy such test if it (1) is substantially disproportionate 
with respect to the holder (which will not be the case if only preferred shares are redeemed, since preferred shares generally
do not have voting rights), (2) results in a complete termination of the shareholder s stock interest in us,
or (3) is not essentially equivalent to a dividend with respect to the shareholder, all within the meaning of Section
302(b) of the Code. In determining whether any of these tests have been met, shares considered to be owned by the shareholder by
reason of certain constructive ownership rules set forth in the Code, as well as shares actually owned, must generally be taken
into account. Because the determination as to whether any of the alternative tests of Section 302(b) of the Code is satisfied with
respect to any particular holder of preferred shares will depend upon the facts and circumstances as of the time the determination
is made, prospective shareholders are advised to consult their own tax advisors to determine such tax treatment. 

If a redemption of preferred shares is not treated
as a distribution taxable as a dividend to a particular shareholder, it will be treated, as to that shareholder, as a taxable sale
or exchange. As a result, such shareholder will recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes in an amount equal to the
difference between (1) the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received (less any portion thereof attributable
to accumulated but unpaid dividends that we are legally obligated to pay at the time of the redemption, which will be taxable as
a dividend to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits), and (2) the shareholder s adjusted basis in
the preferred shares for tax purposes. Such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss
if, at the time of the redemption, the shares were held for more than 12 months. 

If a redemption of preferred shares is treated
as a distribution that is taxable as a dividend, the amount of the distribution would be measured by the amount of cash and the
fair market value of any property received by the shareholder. The shareholder s adjusted tax basis in the redeemed preferred
shares will be transferred to the shareholder s remaining shares of our capital stock, if any. If, however, the shareholder
has no remaining shares of our capital stock, such basis may, under certain circumstances, be transferred to a related person or
it may be lost entirely. 

Redemption Premium on Preferred Shares. If
the redemption price of preferred shares that are subject to redemption exceeds their issue price (such excess referred to in this
section as a redemption premium ), in certain situations the entire amount of the redemption premium will be treated
as being distributed to the holder of such shares, on an economic accrual basis, over the period from issuance of such shares until
the date the shares are first redeemable (such deemed distribution referred to in this section as a constructive distribution ).
A constructive distribution may occur only if the preferred shares are subject to a redemption premium, and only if (1)
we are required to redeem the shares at a specified time, (2) the holder of the shares has the option to require us to redeem the
shares, or (3) we have the right to redeem the shares, but only if under applicable regulations, redemption pursuant to that right
is more likely than not to occur. See the applicable prospectus supplement for further information regarding the possible tax treatment
of redemption premiums with respect to any such preferred shares offered by such prospective supplement. 

Passive Activity Loss and Investment Interest
Limitations. Taxable dividends that we distribute and gain from the disposition of common or preferred shares
will not be treated as passive activity income and, therefore, shareholders subject to the limitation on the use of passive
losses will not be able to apply passive losses against such income. Shareholders may elect to treat capital gain dividends,
capital gains from the disposition of shares and qualified dividend income as investment income for purposes of computing the limitation
on the deductibility of investment interest, but in such case the shareholder will be taxed at ordinary income rates on those amounts.
Other distributions made by us, to the extent they do not constitute a return of capital, will generally be treated as investment
income for purposes of computing the investment interest limitation. 

Medicare Tax. Certain
domestic shareholders who are individuals, estates or trusts will be required to pay a 3.8 Medicare tax with respect to, inter
alia , dividends on and capital gains from the sale or other disposition of stock, subject to certain exceptions. Prospective
shareholders should consult their tax advisors regarding the applicability of this tax to any income and gains in respect of an
investment in our common or preferred shares. 

Convertible Preferred Shares. See
the applicable prospectus supplement for a discussion of any additional tax consequences to a domestic shareholder of investing
in convertible preferred shares offered by such prospectus supplement. 

Federal Income Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders

The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal
income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of common and preferred shares applicable to non-U.S. shareholders. 
A non-U.S. shareholder is any holder of our shares who is a foreign person. For the purposes of this summary, a foreign
person is any person that is not a taxable domestic shareholder, tax-exempt entity (which are addressed below), or an entity treated
as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. 

The following summary is based on current law
and is for general information only. The summary addresses only selected and not all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation. Prospective
non-U.S. shareholders should consult with their own tax advisors to determine the impact of U.S. federal, state, and local income
tax and estate tax laws with regard to an investment in our shares, including any reporting requirements. 

Ordinary Dividends. The
portion of dividends received by non-U.S. shareholders payable out of our earnings and profits that are not attributable to our
capital gains and that are not effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the non-U.S. shareholder will be subject
to U.S. withholding tax at the rate of 30 , unless reduced by treaty. 

In general, non-U.S. shareholders will not be
considered to be engaged in a U.S. trade or business solely as a result of their ownership of common or preferred shares. In cases
where the dividend income from a non-U.S. shareholder s investment in common or preferred shares is, or is treated as, effectively
connected with the non-U.S. shareholder s conduct of a U.S. trade or business, the non-U.S. shareholder generally will be
subject to U.S. income tax at graduated rates, in the same manner as domestic shareholders are taxed with respect to such dividends,
and such income generally must be reported on a U.S. federal income tax return filed by or on behalf of the non-U.S. shareholder.
Such income may also be subject to the 30 branch profits tax (or lower tax treaty rate, if applicable) in the case of a non-U.S.
shareholder that is a corporation. 

As described above, we may make distributions
paid in common or preferred shares that are intended to be treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If we are
required to withhold an amount in excess of any cash that is distributed to non-U.S. shareholders along with the common or preferred
shares, we may retain and sell some of the common or preferred shares that would otherwise be distributed in order to satisfy any
withholding tax imposed on the distribution. 

Non-Dividend Distributions. Unless
our common or preferred shares constitute a U.S. real property interest (referred to in this section as a USRPI ),
distributions by us that are not dividends out of our earnings and profits will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income
tax. If it cannot be determined at the time at which a distribution is made whether or not the distribution will exceed current
and accumulated earnings and profits, the entire distribution will be subject to withholding at the rate applicable to dividends.
However, the non-U.S. shareholder may seek a refund from the IRS of any amounts withheld if it is subsequently determined that
the distribution was, in fact, in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. If our common or preferred shares
constitute a USRPI, as discussed below under Dispositions of Common or Preferred Shares, then distributions
by us in excess of the sum of our earnings and profits plus the shareholder s basis in its shares will be taxed under the
Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980 (which is referred to in this section as FIRPTA at the rate
of tax, including any applicable capital gains rates, that would apply to a domestic shareholder of the same type (that is, an
individual or a corporation, as the case may be), and the collection of the tax will be enforced by a refundable withholding at
a rate of 15 of the amount by which the distribution exceeds the shareholder s share of our earnings and profits. As discussed
below under FIRPTA Exception for Qualified Shareholders of REITs our shares will not be treated as USRPIs
when held directly or indirectly by a qualified shareholder. Additionally, as discussed below under 
FIRPTA Exception for Interests Held by Foreign Retirement or Pension Funds, qualified foreign pension funds 
will not be subject to FIRPTA withholding. 

Capital Gain Dividends. Distributions
that are attributable to gains from dispositions of USRPIs held by us directly or through pass-through subsidiaries (referred to
in this section as USRPI capital gains that are paid with respect to any class of shares which is regularly traded
on an established securities market located in the United States and that are made to a non-U.S. shareholder who does not own more
than 10 of the class of shares at any time during the one-year period ending on the date of distribution will be treated as a
regular distribution by us, and these distributions will be treated as ordinary dividend distributions. A distribution of USRPI
capital gains made by us to non-U.S. shareholders owning more than 10 of the class of shares in respect of which the distribution
is made will be considered effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the non-U.S. shareholder and will be subject
to U.S. income tax at the rates applicable to U.S. individuals or corporations, as the case may be (subject to alternative minimum
tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals), without regard to whether the distribution
is designated as a capital gain dividend. In the case of such a greater than 10 non-U.S. shareholder, we will be required to withhold
tax equal to 21 of the amount of dividends to the extent the dividends constitute USRPI capital gains. Distributions subject to
FIRPTA may also be subject to a 30 branch profits tax (or lower tax treaty rate, if applicable) in the hands of a non-U.S. shareholder
that is a corporation. 

Distributions to a non-U.S. shareholder that
we properly designate as capital gain dividends, other than those arising from the disposition of a USRPI, generally should not
be subject to U.S. federal income taxation unless: (1) the investment in our shares is treated as effectively connected with the
non-U.S. shareholder s U.S. trade or business, in which case the non-U.S. shareholder will be subject to the same treatment
as a U.S. shareholder with respect to such gain, except that a non-U.S. shareholder that is a foreign corporation may also be subject
to the 30 branch profits tax (or lower tax treaty rate, if applicable), or (2) the non-U.S. shareholder is a nonresident alien
individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and certain other conditions are satisfied,
in which case the nonresident alien individual will be subject to a 30 tax on the individual s capital gains (unless a lower
tax treaty rate applies). 

Retained Net Capital Gains. Although
the law is not clear on the matter, it appears that amounts designated by us as retained capital gains in respect of our shares
held by non-U.S. shareholders generally should be treated in the same manner as our actual distributions of capital gain dividends.
Under this approach, a non-U.S. shareholder would be able to claim as a credit against its U.S. federal income tax liability, its
proportionate share of the tax paid by us on the retained capital gains, and to obtain from the IRS a refund to the extent its
proportionate share of the tax paid by us exceeds its actual U.S. federal income tax liability. 

Dispositions of Common or Preferred Shares. Unless
our common or preferred shares constitute a USRPI, a sale of such shares by a non-U.S. shareholder generally will not be subject
to U.S. taxation under FIRPTA. The shares will not constitute a USRPI if we are a domestically-controlled REIT. 

A REIT is a domestically-controlled REIT 
if throughout the applicable testing period less than 50 of its stock was held directly or indirectly by non-U.S. persons. In
the case of a publicly traded REIT, a person holding less than 5 of a publicly traded class of stock at all times during the testing
period is treated as a U.S. person unless the REIT has actual knowledge that such person is not a U.S. person. We are a publicly
traded REIT. In the case of REIT stock held by a publicly traded REIT or certain publicly traded or open-ended registered investment
companies, the REIT or registered investment company will be treated as a U.S. person if the REIT or registered investment company
is domestically controlled and will be treated as a non-U.S. person otherwise. In the case of REIT stock held by a REIT or registered
investment company not described in the previous rule, the REIT or registered investment company is treated as a U.S. person or
a non-U.S. person on a look-through basis. We believe that we are, and we expect to continue to be, a domestically-controlled REIT
and, therefore, the sale of our common or preferred shares by non-U.S. shareholders is not expected to be subject to taxation under
FIRPTA. Because our shares are publicly traded, however, no assurance can be given that we are or will be a domestically-controlled
REIT. 

In the event that we do not constitute a domestically-controlled
REIT, a non-U.S. shareholder s sale of common or preferred shares nonetheless will not constitute a USRPI and accordingly
would not be subject to tax under FIRPTA as a sale of a USRPI, provided that (1) the shares are of a class that are regularly
traded as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, on an established securities market, and (2) the selling non-U.S.
shareholder held 10 or less of such class of shares at all times during a prescribed testing period. We believe that our common
shares are, and expect them to continue to be, regularly traded on an established securities market. 

If gain on the sale of common or preferred shares
were subject to taxation under FIRPTA, the non-U.S. shareholder would be subject to the same treatment as a U.S. shareholder with
respect to such gain, subject to applicable alternative minimum tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of non-resident
alien individuals, and the purchaser of the shares could, unless the shares are of a class that are regularly traded 
(as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations) on an established securities market, be required to withhold 15 of the purchase
price and remit such amount to the IRS. 

Gain from the sale of common or preferred shares
that would not be subject to FIRPTA will nonetheless be taxable in the United States to a non-U.S. shareholder in two cases: (1)
if the gain is effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business conducted by such non-U.S. shareholder and, where a treaty applies,
such trade or business is conducted through a permanent establishment in the U.S., then the non-U.S. shareholder will be subject
to the same treatment as a U.S. shareholder with respect to such gain, except that the non-U.S. shareholder may also be subject
to the 30 branch profits tax (or lower tax treaty rate, if applicable) if it is a foreign corporation, or (2) if the non-U.S.
shareholder is a nonresident alien individual who was present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year
and certain other conditions are satisfied, the nonresident alien individual will be subject to tax on the individual s capital
gain at a 30 rate (or lower tax treaty rate, if applicable). 

FIRPTA Exception for Qualified Shareholders
of REITs. Stock of a REIT held (directly or through one or more partnerships) by a qualified shareholder 
will not be a USRPI, and capital gain dividends from such a REIT will not be treated as gain from the sale of a USRPI, unless a
person (other than a qualified shareholder) that holds an interest (other than an interest solely as a creditor) in such qualified
shareholder owns, taking into account applicable constructive ownership rules, more than 10 of the stock of the REIT (an applicable
investor ). If the qualified shareholder has such an applicable investor, gains and REIT distributions allocable to the portion
of REIT stock held by the qualified shareholder indirectly owned through the qualified shareholder by the applicable investor will
be treated as gains from the sale of USRPIs. For these purposes, a qualified shareholder is a foreign person which
is in a treaty jurisdiction and satisfies certain publicly traded requirements, is a qualified collective investment vehicle, 
and maintains records on the identity of certain 5 owners. A qualified collective investment vehicle is a foreign
person that is eligible for a reduced withholding rate with respect to ordinary REIT dividends even if such person holds more than
10 of the REIT s stock, a publicly traded partnership that is a withholding foreign partnership that would be a United States
real property holding corporation if it were a United States corporation, or is designated as a qualified collective investment
vehicle by the Secretary of the Treasury and is either fiscally transparent within the meaning of the Code or required to include
dividends in its gross income but entitled to a deduction for distributions to its investors. Finally, capital gain dividends and
non-dividend redemption and liquidating distributions to a qualified shareholder that are not allocable to an applicable investor
will be treated as ordinary dividends. The rules applicable to qualified shareholders are complex and investors who believe that
they may be qualified shareholders should consult with their own tax advisor to find out if these rules are applicable to them. 

FIRPTA Exception for Interests Held by Foreign
Retirement or Pension Funds. Qualified foreign pension funds and entities that are wholly owned
by a qualified foreign pension fund are exempted from FIRPTA and FIRPTA withholding. For these purposes, a qualified foreign
pension fund is any trust, corporation, or other organization or arrangement if (i) it was created or organized
under foreign law, (ii) it was established to provide retirement or pension benefits to participants or beneficiaries that are
current or former employees (or persons designated by such employees) of one or more employers in consideration for services rendered,
(iii) it does not have a single participant or beneficiary with a right to more than 5 of its assets or income, (iv) it is subject
to government regulation and provides annual information reporting about its beneficiaries to the relevant tax authorities in the
country in which it is established or operates, and (v) under the laws of the country in which it is established or operates, either
contributions to such fund which would otherwise be subject to tax under such laws are deductible or excluded from the gross income
of such fund or taxed at a reduced rate, or taxation of any investment income of such fund is deferred or such income is taxed
at a reduced rate. The rules applicable to qualified foreign pension funds are complex and investors who believe that they may
be qualified foreign pension funds should consult with their own tax advisor to find out if these rules are applicable to them. 

No Cleansed REITs. The
so-called FIRPTA cleansing rule (which applies to corporations that no longer have any USRPIs and have recognized
all gain on their USRPIs) will not apply to a REIT or a registered investment company or a corporation if the corporation or any
predecessor was a REIT or a registered investment company during the applicable testing period. 

Convertible Preferred Shares. See
the applicable prospectus supplement for a discussion of any additional tax consequences to a non-U.S. shareholder of investing
in convertible preferred shares offered by such prospectus supplement. 

Federal Taxation of Tax-Exempt Shareholders 

Tax-exempt entities, including qualified employee
pension and profit sharing trusts and individual retirement accounts, generally are exempt from federal income taxation. However,
they are subject to taxation on their unrelated business taxable income (which is referred to in this section as UBTI ).
While many investments in real estate generate UBTI, the IRS has ruled that dividend distributions from a REIT to a tax-exempt
entity do not constitute UBTI. Based on that ruling, and provided that (1) a tax-exempt shareholder has not held its common or
preferred shares as debt financed property within the meaning of the Code (that is, property the acquisition of which
is financed through a borrowing by the tax-exempt shareholder), and (2) the shares are not otherwise used in an unrelated trade
or business, we believe that distributions from us and income from the sale of our shares should not give rise to UBTI to a tax-exempt
shareholder. 

Tax-exempt shareholders that are social clubs,
voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts, and qualified group legal services plans exempt
from federal income taxation under Sections 501(c)(7), (9), (17) and (20) of the Code, respectively, are subject to different UBTI
rules, which generally will require them to characterize distributions from us as UBTI. 

A pension trust that owns more than 10 of the
value of our shares could be required to treat a percentage of the dividends from us as UBTI if we are a pension-held REIT. 
We will not be a pension-held REIT unless either (1) one pension trust owns more than 25 of the value of our shares, or (2) a
group of pension trusts, each individually holding more than 10 of the value of our shares, collectively owns more than 50 of
the value of our shares. We believe that we currently are not a pension-held REIT. Because our shares are publicly traded, however,
no assurance can be given that we are not (or will not be) a pension-held REIT. 

Tax-exempt shareholders are urged to consult
their tax advisors regarding the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of an investment in our common or preferred
shares. 

Federal Income Taxation of Warrants 

A holder who receives shares upon the exercise
of a warrant should not recognize gain or loss except to the extent of any cash received for fractional shares. Except to the extent
of any cash so received, such a holder would have a tax basis in the shares acquired pursuant to a warrant equal to the amount
of the purchase price paid for (or, if the warrant is purchased as part of an investment unit, allocated to) the
warrant plus the amount paid for the shares pursuant to the warrant. The holding period for the shares acquired pursuant to a warrant
would begin on the date of exercise. Upon the subsequent sale of shares acquired pursuant to a warrant or upon a sale of a warrant,
the holder thereof would generally recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized
on the sale and its tax basis in such shares or warrant, as the case may be. The foregoing assumes that warrants will not be held
as a hedge, straddle or as a similar offsetting position with respect to our shares and that Section 1092 of the Code will not
apply. 

Other Tax Considerations 

Information Reporting Requirements and Backup Withholding
Tax 

Under certain circumstances, holders of our
securities may be subject to backup withholding at a rate of 24 (through 2025 and then at 28 thereafter) on payments made with
respect to, or cash proceeds of a sale or exchange of, our securities. Backup withholding will apply only if the holder (1) fails
to furnish its taxpayer identification number, referred to in this section as a TIN (which, for an individual, would
be his or her social security number), (2) furnishes an incorrect TIN, (3) is notified by the IRS that it has failed to properly
report payments of interest and dividends, or (4) under certain circumstances, fails to certify, under penalty of perjury, that
it has not been notified by the IRS that it is subject to backup withholding for failure to report interest and dividend payments.
Backup withholding will not apply with respect to payments made to certain exempt recipients, such as corporations and tax-exempt
organizations. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding their qualification for exemption from backup
withholding and the procedure for obtaining such an exemption. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount
of any backup withholding with respect to a payment to a holder of our securities will be allowed as a credit against such holder s
U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the required information is furnished
to the IRS. In addition, we may be required to withhold a portion of capital gain distributions to, or gross proceeds from our
redemption of shares or other securities from, any holders who fail to certify their non-foreign status, if applicable. 

Additional issues may arise pertaining to information
reporting and backup withholding with respect to foreign investors, and foreign investors should consult their tax advisors with
respect to any such information reporting and backup withholding requirements. Backup withholding with respect to foreign investors
is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding with respect to a payment to a foreign investor will be
allowed as a credit against any U.S. federal income tax liability of such foreign investor. If withholding results in an overpayment
of taxes, a refund may be obtained, provided that the required information is furnished to the IRS. 

Additional U.S. Federal Income Tax Withholding Rules Reporting
and Withholding on Foreign Financial Accounts 

Withholding taxes may be imposed under Sections
1471 to 1474 of the Code (such sections commonly referred to as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA) on certain types
of payments made to non-U.S. financial institutions and certain other non-U.S. entities. Currently, certain foreign financial institutions
and non-financial foreign entities are subject to a 30 U.S. federal withholding tax on dividends on our shares of capital stock
unless (i) in the case of a foreign financial institution, such institution enters into an agreement with the U.S. government (or
complies with applicable alternative procedures pursuant to an applicable intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and the
relevant foreign government) to withhold on certain payments and to collect and provide to the U.S. tax authorities substantial
information regarding U.S. account holders of such institution (which includes certain equity and debt holders of such institution,
as well as certain account holders that are foreign entities with U.S. owners), and (ii) in the case of a non-financial foreign
entity, such entity provides the withholding agent with a certification identifying the direct and indirect U.S. owners of the
entity and complies with certain other applicable reporting obligations. In addition, if such disclosure requirements are not satisfied,
withholding at a 30 rate on gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of our shares of capital stock by such foreign financial
institutions and non-financial foreign entities will generally begin after December 31, 2018. Under certain circumstances,
a non-U.S. shareholder might be eligible for refunds or credits of such taxes. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors
regarding the possible implications of these withholding provisions on the acquisition, ownership, and disposition of our shares
of capital stock. We will not pay any additional amounts in respect of any amounts withheld. 

Dividend Reinvestment Plan 

To the extent that a shareholder receives common
shares or preferred shares pursuant to a dividend reinvestment plan, the federal income tax treatment of the shareholder and us
will generally be the same as if the distribution had been made in cash. See Federal Income Taxation of Shareholders 
and Taxation of the Company Annual Distribution Requirement above. 

Legislative or Other Actions Affecting REITs 

The present U.S. federal income tax treatment
of REITs may be modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, which
could affect the federal income tax treatment of an investment in us. The REIT rules are constantly under review by persons involved
in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department, which may result in statutory changes as well as revisions
to regulations and interpretations. Changes to the U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could adversely affect an
investment in our securities. According to publicly released statements, a top legislative priority of the new Congress and administration
may be to enact significant reform of the Code, including significant changes to taxation of business entities and the deductibility
of interest expense and capital investment. There is a substantial lack of clarity around the likelihood, timing and details of
any such tax reform and the impact of any potential tax reform on us or an investment in our securities. 

Any such changes to the tax laws or interpretations
thereof, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect our securityholders or us. We cannot predict
how changes in the tax laws might affect our stockholders or us. New legislation, U.S. Treasury Regulations, administrative interpretations
or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to continue to qualify as a REIT, or the federal income
tax consequences to our securityholders and us of such qualification, or could have other adverse consequences, including with
respect to ownership of our securities. For example, lower revised tax rates for corporations, or for individuals, trusts and estates,
might cause current or potential securityholders to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than is the
case under current law. Investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory,
or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our securities. 

State and Local Taxes 

We are subject to state, local, or other taxation
in various state, local, or other jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business or own property. In addition, a
holder of our securities may be subject to state, local, or other taxation on our distributions in various state, local, or other
jurisdictions, including the jurisdiction in which the holder resides. The tax treatment in such jurisdictions may differ from
the federal income tax consequences discussed above. Consequently, prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors
regarding the effect of state, local, and other tax laws on their investment in our securities. 

Additional Tax Consequences for Holders of Depositary
Shares or Rights 

See the applicable prospectus supplement for
a discussion of any additional tax consequences for holders of depositary shares or rights offered by such prospectus supplement. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 14
 adc-20171231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 adc-20171231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 adc-20171231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 adc-20171231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 adc-20171231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 adc-20171231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

