<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20180309_10-K_edgar_data_1568669_0001558370-18-001782.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>45950231</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>623601</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1200127</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>25206742</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9967269</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6898237</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-18-001782.hdr.sgml : 20180309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20180309115834
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-18-001782
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		160
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001568669
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MORTGAGE BANKERS & LOAN CORRESPONDENTS [6162]
		IRS NUMBER:				800882793
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35916
		FILM NUMBER:		18679169

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3043 TOWNSGATE ROAD
		CITY:			WESTLAKE VILLAGE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91361
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(818) 224-7442

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3043 TOWNSGATE ROAD
		CITY:			WESTLAKE VILLAGE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91361

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-18-001782.txt : 20180309

10-K
 1
 pfsi-20171231x10k.htm
 10-K

pfsi_Current folio_10K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

Form 10 K 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 001 35916 

PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

80 0882793 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

3043 Townsgate Road, Westlake Village, California (Address of principal executive offices) 

91361 (Zip Code) 

(818) 224 7442 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Class A Common Stock of Beneficial Interest, 0.0001 Par Value 

New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10 K or any amendment to this Form 10 K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act (check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2017 the aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock of beneficial interest, 0.0001 par value common stock ), held by non affiliates was 328,317,641 based on the closing price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on that date. 

As of March 8, 2018, the number of outstanding shares of common stock of the registrant was 24,092,831. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Document 

Parts Into Which Incorporated 

Definitive Proxy Statement for 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 

Part III 

Table of Contents 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

FORM 10 K 

December 31, 2017 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

3 

PART I 

Item 1 

Business 

6 

Item 1A 

Risk Factors 

12 

Item 1B 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

43 

Item 2 

Properties 

43 

Item 3 

Legal Proceedings 

43 

Item 4 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

44 

PART II 

Item 5 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

45 

Item 6 

Selected Financial Data 

48 

Item 7 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

49 

Item 7A 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

71 

Item 8 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

74 

Item 9 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

74 

Item 9A 

Controls and Procedures 

74 

Item 9B 

Other Information 

76 

PART III 

Item 10 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

77 

Item 11 

Executive Compensation 

77 

Item 12 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

77 

Item 13 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

77 

Item 14 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

77 

PART IV 

Item 15 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

78 

Item 16 

Form 10-K Summary 

90 

Signatures 

93 

4 

2 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10 K Report contains certain forward looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Forward looking statements are generally identifiable by use of forward looking terminology such as may, will, should, potential, intend, expect, seek, anticipate, estimate, approximately, believe, could, project, predict, continue, plan or other similar words or expressions. 

Forward looking statements are based on certain assumptions, discuss future expectations, describe future plans and strategies, contain financial and operating projections or state other forward looking information. Examples of forward looking statements include the following: 

projections of our revenues, income, earnings per share, capital structure or other financial items; 

descriptions of our plans or objectives for future operations, products or services; 

forecasts of our future economic performance, interest rates, profit margins and our share of future markets; and 

descriptions of assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing expectations regarding the timing of generating any revenues. 

Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future events, actions, plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward looking statements. There are a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control that could cause actual results to differ significantly from management s expectations. Some of these factors are discussed below. 

You should not place undue reliance on any forward looking statement and should consider the following uncertainties and risks, as well as the risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Report and as set forth in Item IA. of Part I hereof and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q. 

Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those anticipated include, but are not limited to: 

the continually changing federal, state and local laws and regulations applicable to the highly regulated industry in which we operate; 

lawsuits or governmental actions if we do not comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses; 

the mortgage lending and servicing-related regulations promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB and its enforcement of these regulations; 

our dependence on U.S. government sponsored entities and changes in their current roles or their guarantees or guidelines; 

changes to government mortgage modification programs; 

certain banking regulations that may limit our business activities; 

foreclosure delays and changes in foreclosure practices; 

the licensing and operational requirements of states and other jurisdictions applicable to our businesses, to which our bank competitors are not subject; 

3 

Table of Contents 

changes in macroeconomic and U.S. real estate market conditions; 

difficulties inherent in growing loan production volume; 

difficulties inherent in adjusting the size of our operations to reflect changes in business levels; 

any required additional capital and liquidity to support business growth that may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all; 

changes in prevailing interest rates; 

increases in loan delinquencies and defaults; 

our dependence on the success of the multifamily market for future originations of commercial mortgage loans and other commercial real estate-related loans; 

our reliance on PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust PMT as a significant source of financing for, and revenue related to, our mortgage banking business; 

our obligation to indemnify third party purchasers or repurchase loans if loans that we originate, acquire, service or assist in the fulfillment of, fail to meet certain criteria or characteristics or under other circumstances; 

our ability to realize the anticipated benefit of potential future acquisitions of mortgage servicing rights MSRs ); 

our obligation to indemnify PMT and the Investment Funds if our services fail to meet certain criteria or characteristics or under other circumstances; 

decreases in the returns on the assets that we select and manage for our clients, and our resulting management and incentive fees; 

the extensive amount of regulation applicable to our investment management segment; 

conflicts of interest in allocating our services and investment opportunities among ourselves and our Advised Entities; 

the effect of public opinion on our reputation; 

our recent growth; 

our ability to effectively identify, manage, monitor and mitigate financial risks; 

our initiation of new business activities or expansion of existing business activities; 

our ability to detect misconduct and fraud; 

our ability to mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents; 

our exposure to risks of loss resulting from adverse weather conditions and man-made or natural disasters; and 

our organizational structure and certain requirements in our charter documents. 

4 

Table of Contents 

Other factors that could also cause results to differ from our expectations may not be described in this Report or any other document. Each of these factors could by itself, or together with one or more other factors, adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made. 

5 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

The following description of our business should be read in conjunction with the information included elsewhere in this Report. This description contains forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ significantly from the projections and results discussed in the forward looking statements due to the factors described under the caption Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. References in this Report to we, our, us, and the Company refer to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. PFSI ). 

Our Company 

We are a specialty financial services firm with a comprehensive mortgage platform and integrated business primarily focused on the production and servicing of U.S. residential mortgage loans (activities which we refer to as mortgage banking) and the management of investments related to the U.S. mortgage market. We believe that our operating capabilities, specialized expertise, access to long-term investment capital, and our management s experience across all aspects of the mortgage business will allow us to profitably grow these activities and capitalize on other related opportunities as they arise in the future. 

We operate and control all of the business and affairs and consolidate the financial results of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC PennyMac ). PennyMac was founded in 2008 by members of our executive leadership team and two strategic partners, BlackRock Mortgage Ventures, LLC BlackRock or BlackRock, Inc. and HC Partners, LLC, formerly known as Highfields Capital Investments, LLC, together with its affiliates Highfields ). 

Our principal mortgage banking subsidiary, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC PLS ), is a non-bank producer and servicer of mortgage loans in the United States. PLS is a seller/servicer for the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ), each of which is a government sponsored entity GSE ). PLS is also an approved issuer of securities guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae ), a lender of the Federal Housing Administration FHA ), a lender/servicer of the Veterans Administration VA and the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA ), and a servicer for the Home Affordable Modification Program HAMP ). We refer to each of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae, FHA, VA and USDA as an Agency and collectively as the Agencies. PLS is able to service loans in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and originate loans in 49 states and the District of Columbia, either because PLS is properly licensed in a particular jurisdiction or exempt or otherwise not required to be licensed in that jurisdiction. 

Our investment management subsidiary is PNMAC Capital Management, LLC PCM ), a Delaware limited liability company registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. PCM manages PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust PMT ), a mortgage real estate investment trust, listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol PMT. PCM also manages PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund, LLC and PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund, LP, both registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 Investment Company Act ), as amended, an affiliate of these funds and PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund Investors, LLC. We refer to these funds collectively as our Investment Funds and, together with PMT, as our Advised Entities. During 2017, the Investment Funds sold substantially all of their remaining investments. We expect to liquidate the remaining investments and make final distributions to the Investment Funds investors during 2018. 

We conduct our business in three segments: production, servicing (together, production and servicing comprise our mortgage banking activities) and investment management. 

The production segment performs mortgage loan origination, acquisition and sale activities. 

The servicing segment performs mortgage loan servicing for both newly originated and loans we service for others, including for the Advised Entities. 

6 

Table of Contents 

The investment management segment represents our investment management activities, which include the activities associated with investment asset acquisitions and dispositions such as sourcing, due diligence, negotiation and settlement; managing correspondent production activities for PMT; and managing the acquired investments for the Advised Entities. 

Following is a summary of our segment s results for the years presented: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

2014 

2013 

(in thousands) 

Net revenues: 

Production 

513,641 

694,405 

481,636 

260,673 

246,719 

Servicing 

386,203 

212,886 

202,322 

207,239 

84,684 

Investment management 

22,679 

23,996 

30,847 

48,987 

55,156 

922,523 

931,287 

714,805 

516,899 

386,559 

Income before income taxes: 

Production 

238,508 

416,096 

271,869 

135,619 

126,020 

Servicing 

58,672 

(36,099) 

1,297 

65,925 

20,048 

Investment management 

5,789 

2,486 

7,722 

20,111 

36,058 

Non-segment activities (1) 

32,940 

600 

(1,695) 

1,378 

335,909 

383,083 

279,193 

223,033 

182,126 

Total assets at year end: 

Production 

2,459,014 

2,195,330 

1,122,242 

1,040,358 

607,989 

Servicing 

4,886,594 

2,841,551 

2,270,940 

1,320,092 

795,320 

Investment management 

19,880 

91,517 

92,893 

92,881 

117,341 

7,365,488 

5,128,398 

3,486,075 

2,453,331 

1,520,650 

(1) 

Primarily represents repricing of Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement we entered into as part of our initial public offering during 2013. 

Mortgage Banking 

Loan Production 

In our loan production activities, we earn interest income and gains or losses during the holding period and upon the sale of these loans, and retain the associated MSRs (subject to sharing with PMT cash or a portion of excess servicing spread ESS with respect to certain consumer direct originated mortgage loans that refinance mortgage loans for which the related MSRs or ESS was held by PMT). Our loan production segment sources mortgage loans through two channels: correspondent production and consumer direct lending. 

In correspondent production we manage, on behalf of PMT and for our own account, the purchase from non-affiliates of newly originated, prime credit quality, first-lien residential mortgage loans that have been underwritten to investor guidelines. PMT acquires, from approved correspondent sellers, newly originated mortgage loans, including both conventional and government-insured or guaranteed residential mortgage loans that qualify for inclusion in securitizations that are guaranteed by the Agencies. For conventional mortgage loans, we perform fulfillment activities for PMT and earn a fulfillment fee for each mortgage loan purchased by PMT. In the case of government insured mortgage loans, we fulfill them for our own account and purchase them from PMT at PMT s cost plus a sourcing fee. 

Through our consumer direct lending channel, we originate new prime credit quality, first-lien residential conventional and government-insured or guaranteed mortgage loans on a national basis to allow customers to purchase or refinance their homes. We conduct our own fulfillment for mortgage loans originated through the consumer direct lending channel. Our consumer direct model relies on the Internet and call center-based staff to acquire and interact with 

7 

Table of Contents 

customers across the country. We do not have a brick and mortar branch network and have been developing our consumer direct operations with call centers strategically positioned across the United States. 

Our loan production activity is summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Unpaid principal balance ("UPB") of mortgage loans purchased and originated for sale: 

Government-insured or guaranteed mortgage loans acquired from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

40,561,241 

39,908,163 

31,490,920 

Mortgage loans sourced through our consumer direct channel 

5,466,669 

6,491,107 

4,143,239 

46,027,910 

46,399,270 

35,634,159 

Unpaid principal balance of conventional mortgage loans fulfilled for PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

22,971,119 

23,188,386 

14,014,603 

Total loan production 

68,999,029 

69,587,656 

49,648,762 

Loan Servicing 

Our loan servicing segment performs loan administration, collection, and default management activities, including the collection and remittance of loan payments; response to customer inquiries; accounting for principal and interest; holding custodial (impounded) funds for the payment of property taxes and insurance premiums; counseling delinquent mortgagors; and supervising foreclosures and property dispositions. We service mortgage loans both as the owner of MSRs and on behalf of other MSR or mortgage owners. We provide servicing for conventional and government-insured or guaranteed loans prime servicing ), as well as servicing for distressed mortgage loans that have been acquired as investments by our Advised Entities special servicing ). 

The UPB of our mortgage loan servicing portfolio is summarized below: 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Contract 

Total 

Contract 

Total 

Servicing 

servicing and 

mortgage 

Servicing 

servicing and 

mortgage 

rights owned 

subservicing 

loans serviced 

rights owned 

subservicing 

loans serviced 

(in thousands) 

Investor: 

Non-affiliated entities: 

Originated 

120,853,138 

120,853,138 

89,516,155 

89,516,155 

Purchased 

47,016,708 

47,016,708 

41,735,847 

41,735,847 

167,869,846 

167,869,846 

131,252,002 

131,252,002 

Advised entities 

74,980,268 

74,980,268 

60,886,717 

60,886,717 

Mortgage loans held for sale 

2,998,377 

2,998,377 

2,101,283 

2,101,283 

Total 

170,868,223 

74,980,268 

245,848,491 

133,353,285 

60,886,717 

194,240,002 

Investment Management 

We are an investment manager through our subsidiary, PCM. PCM currently manages PMT and the Investment Funds. For these activities, we earn management fees as a percentage of net assets and may earn incentive compensation based on investment performance. During 2017, the Investment Funds sold substantially all of their remaining investments. We expect to liquidate the remaining investment and make final distributions to the Investment Funds investors during 2018. 

8 

Table of Contents 

The net assets of the Advised Entities are summarized below: 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

1,544,585 

1,351,114 

Investment Funds 

29,329 

197,550 

1,573,914 

1,548,664 

U.S. Mortgage Market 

The U.S. residential mortgage market is one of the largest financial markets in the world, with approximately 10.6 trillion of outstanding debt and average annual origination volume of 1.7 trillion for the five years ending December 31, 2017. Many of the largest financial institutions, including banks which have traditionally held the majority of the market share in mortgage originations and servicing, have reduced their participation in the mortgage market and the industry remains in a period of significant transformation, creating opportunities for non-bank participants. 

The residential mortgage industry is characterized by high barriers to entry, including the necessity for approvals required to sell loans to and service loans for the Agencies, state licensing requirements for non-federally chartered banks, sophisticated infrastructure, technology, risk management, and processes required for successful operations, and financial capital requirements. 

Our Growth Strategies 

Since our establishment, we have demonstrated our ability to apply our residential mortgage expertise and operating capabilities to multiple business opportunities. In the initial years of our operation, for example, we identified investing in distressed mortgage assets as an attractive opportunity and we raised and deployed capital through a series of successful transactions. As the mortgage market presented opportunities in new loan production and servicing, we expanded our management and capabilities to profitably capitalize on these businesses as well. 

Our growth strategies include: 

Growing our Mortgage Loan Servicing Portfolio 

We expect to grow our servicing portfolio on an organic basis, as our correspondent government insured production and consumer direct lending add new prime servicing for owned MSRs, and correspondent conventional production adds new subservicing. In 2017, our correspondent and consumer direct loan production totaled 69.0 billion in UPB. We plan to supplement our organic growth with MSR acquisitions, some of which may be concentrated in delinquent or defaulted loans for which we have expertise in servicing. We have acquired MSRs from large mortgage servicers, which are selling MSRs due to continuing operational and regulatory pressures, higher regulatory capital requirements for banks, and a re-focus on core customers and business, and from independent mortgage banks, which are selling MSRs due to reduced origination volumes, operational losses, and a need for capital. In 2017, we purchased approximately 16.2 billion in UPB of MSRs. 

Growing Correspondent Production through Expanding Seller Relationships 

We expect to grow our correspondent production business by expanding the number and types of sellers from which we purchase loans and increasing the volume of loans that we purchase from our sellers as we continue to add to the loan products and services we offer, and deepen our participation in certain geographic markets in the United States. Over the past several years, a number of large banks have exited or reduced the size of their correspondent production businesses, creating an opportunity for non bank entities to gain market share. We believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of this opportunity based on our management expertise in the correspondent production business, our relationships with correspondent sellers, and our supporting systems and processes. 

9 

Table of Contents 

Growing Consumer Direct Lending through Portfolio Refinance and Non Portfolio Originations 

We expect to grow our consumer direct lending business by leveraging our growing servicing portfolio through refinance and purchase-money loans for existing customers as well as increasing our non portfolio originations. As our servicing portfolio grows, we will have a greater number of leads to pursue, which we believe will lead to greater origination activity through our consumer direct business. As of December 31, 2017, we serviced 1.2 million loans for existing customers. At the same time, we are making significant investments in technology, personnel and marketing to increase our non portfolio originations. We believe that our national call center model and our technology will enable us to drive origination process efficiencies and best in class customer service. 

Expansion into new markets 

We regularly evaluate opportunities to grow our business, including expansion into new markets, such as the broker lending channel and non-delegated correspondent lending services. The broker lending channel involves the underwriting and funding of mortgage loans sourced by mortgage loan brokers and other financial intermediaries. We estimate that the broker lending channel represents approximately 10 of U.S. residential mortgage originations and we have recently entered that market. In 2016, we launched a non-delegated correspondent service to complement our delegated correspondent channel. The non-delegated correspondent lending service involves the purchase by PMT of loans for which PLS has provided underwriting eligibility services to the originating correspondent seller. Entry into this market leverages our existing loan fulfillment infrastructure, gives our existing sellers an additional method through which they can deliver loans to us and provides us with access to new sellers that were not previously served. 

Compliance and Regulatory 

Our business is subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB was established on July 21, 2010 under Title X of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The CFPB is responsible for ensuring consumers are provided with timely and understandable information to make responsible decisions about financial transactions, federal consumer financial laws are enforced and consumers are protected from unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts and practices and from discrimination. Although the CFPB s actions may improve consumer protection, such actions also have resulted in a meaningful increase in costs to consumers and financial services companies including mortgage originators and servicers. 

In addition to federal regulation, our loan production and loan servicing operations are regulated at the state level by state licensing authorities and administrative agencies. We, along with certain PennyMac employees who engage in regulated activities, must apply for licensing as a mortgage banker or lender, loan servicer and debt collector pursuant to applicable state law. These state licensing requirements typically require an application process, the payment of fees, background checks and administrative review. Our servicing operations are licensed (or exempt or otherwise not required to be licensed) to service mortgage loans in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Our consumer direct lending business is licensed to originate loans in 49 states and the District of Columbia. From time to time, we receive requests from states and Agencies and various investors for records, documents and information regarding our policies, procedures and practices regarding our loan production and loan servicing business activities, and undergo periodic examinations by federal and state regulatory agencies. We incur significant ongoing costs to comply with these licensing and examination requirements. 

Furthermore, the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (the SAFE Act requires all states to enact laws that require all individuals acting in the United States as mortgage loan originators to be individually licensed or registered if they intend to offer mortgage loan products. These licensing requirements include enrollment in the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System, application to state regulators for individual licenses and the completion of pre licensing education, annual education and the successful completion of both national and state exams. 

10 

Table of Contents 

In addition, we must comply with a number of federal consumer protection laws, including, among others: 

the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act RESPA ), and Regulation X thereunder, which require certain disclosures to mortgagors regarding the costs of mortgage loans, the administration of tax and insurance escrows, the transferring of servicing of mortgage loans, the response to consumer complaints, and payments between lenders and vendors of certain settlement services; 

the Truth in Lending Act TILA ), and Regulation Z thereunder, which require certain disclosures to mortgagors regarding the terms of their mortgage loans, notices of sale, assignments or transfers of ownership of mortgage loans, new servicing rules involving payment processing, and adjustable rate mortgage change notices and periodic statements; 

the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B thereunder, which prohibit discrimination on the basis of age, race and certain other characteristics, in the extension of credit; 

the Fair Housing Act, which prohibits discrimination in housing on the basis of race, sex, national origin, and certain other characteristics; 

the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and Regulation C thereunder, which require financial institutions to report certain public loan data; 

the Homeowners Protection Act, which requires the cancellation of private mortgage insurance once certain equity levels are reached, sets disclosure and notification requirements, and requires the return of unearned premiums 

the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, which provides, among other things, interest and foreclosure protections for service members on active duty; 

the Gramm Leach Bliley Act and Regulation P thereunder, which require us to maintain privacy with respect to certain consumer data in our possession and to periodically communicate with consumers on privacy matters; 

the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, which regulates the timing and content of debt collection communications; 

the Fair Credit Reporting Act and Regulation V thereunder, which regulate the use and reporting of information related to the credit history of consumers; and 

the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994, which provides for lenders to require from borrowers or to purchase flood insurance on behalf of borrower/owners of properties in special flood hazard areas. 

Many of these laws are further impacted by the SAFE Act and implementation of new rules by the CFPB. 

Our senior management team has established a comprehensive compliance management system ("CMS") that is designed to ensure compliance with applicable mortgage origination and servicing laws and regulations. The components of our CMS include: (a) oversight by senior management and our Board to ensure that our compliance culture, guidance, and resources are appropriate; (b) a compliance program to ensure that our policies, training and monitoring activities are complete and comprehensive; (c) a complaint management program to ensure that consumer complaints are appropriately addressed and that any required actions are implemented on a timely basis; and (d) independent oversight to ensure that our CMS is functioning as designed. 

An important component of the CMS is management s Mortgage Regulatory Compliance Committee MRCC ). This committee oversees the CMS and supports our cultural initiatives that reinforce the importance of regulatory compliance. The Committee also monitors changes in the internal and external environment, approves 

11 

Table of Contents 

mortgage compliance policies, monitors compliance with those policies and ensures any required remediation is implemented on a timely basis. The MRCC has identified individuals throughout the organization to oversee specific areas of compliance. MRCC membership includes senior management from all areas of the Company impacted by mortgage compliance laws and regulations and meets on a regular basis throughout the year. 

Intellectual Property 

We hold various registered trademarks, including trademarks with respect to the name PennyMac , the swirl design and rooftop design appearing in certain PennyMac drawings and logos and various additional designs and word marks relating to the PennyMac name. We do not otherwise rely on any copyright, patent or other form of registration to protect our rights in our intellectual property. Our other intellectual property includes proprietary know how and technological innovations, such as our proprietary loan level analytics systems and models for distressed loan management, and other trade secrets that we have developed to maintain our competitive position. 

Competition 

Given the diverse and specialized nature of our businesses, we do not believe we have a direct competitor for the totality of our business. We compete with a number of nationally focused companies in each of our businesses. 

In our mortgage banking segments, we compete with large financial institutions and with other independent residential mortgage loan producers and servicers, such as Wells Fargo, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, U.S. Bank, Quicken Loans and Nationstar Mortgage. In our loan production segment, we compete on the basis of product offerings, technical knowledge, manufacturing quality, speed of execution, rate and fees. In our servicing segment, we compete on the basis of experience in the residential loan servicing business, quality of high touch special servicing and historical servicing performance, and quality of execution, especially in high touch special servicing. 

In our investment management segment, we compete for capital with both traditional and alternative investment managers. We compete on the basis of historical track record of risk adjusted returns, experience of investment management team, the return profile of prospective investment opportunities and on the level of fees and expenses. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2017, we, through a subsidiary, had 3,189 employees. 

Available Information 

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge at www.pennymacfinancial.com through the investor relations section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings at www.sec.gov. In addition, the public may read and copy the materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information regarding the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The above references to our website and the SEC s website do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on those websites and should not be considered part of this document. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently 

12 

Table of Contents 

deem immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations in future periods. 

Risks Related to Our Mortgage Banking Segment 

Regulatory Risks 

We operate in a highly regulated industry and the continually changing federal, state and local laws and regulations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

We are required to comply with a wide array of federal, state and local laws and regulations that regulate, among other things, the manner in which we conduct our loan production and servicing businesses. These regulations directly impact our business and require constant compliance, monitoring and internal and external audits and examinations by federal and state regulators. This can result in increases in our administrative costs, and we or PLS may be required to pay substantial penalties imposed by these regulators due to compliance errors, or PLS may lose its licenses. Negative publicity or fines and penalties incurred in one jurisdiction may cause investigations or other actions by regulators in other jurisdictions. 

Federal, state and local governments have proposed or enacted numerous laws, regulations and rules related to mortgage loans. Laws, regulations, rules and judicial and administrative decisions relating to mortgage loans include those pertaining to real estate settlement procedures, equal credit opportunity, fair lending, fair credit reporting, truth in lending, fair debt collection practices, service members protections, compliance with net worth and financial statement delivery requirements, compliance with federal and state disclosure and licensing requirements, the establishment of maximum interest rates, finance charges and other charges, qualified mortgages, licensing of loan officers and other personnel, loan officer compensation, secured transactions, property valuations, servicing transfers, payment processing, escrow, communications with consumers, loss mitigation, collection, foreclosure, bankruptcy, repossession and claims handling procedures, and other trade practices and privacy regulations providing for the use and safeguarding of non public personal financial information of borrowers. Service providers we use must also comply with some of these legal requirements, including outside counsel retained to process foreclosures and bankruptcies. 

Our failure to operate effectively and in compliance with any of these laws, regulations and rules could subject us to lawsuits or governmental actions and damage our reputation, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. In addition, our failure to comply with these laws, regulations and rules may result in increased costs of doing business, reduced payments by borrowers, modification of the original terms of mortgage loans, permanent forgiveness of debt, delays in the foreclosure process, increased servicing advances, litigation, reputational damage, enforcement actions, and repurchase and indemnification obligations. Our failure to adequately supervise service providers, including outside foreclosure counsel, may also have these negative results. 

The failure of the mortgage lenders from whom loans were acquired through our correspondent production activities to comply with any applicable laws, regulations and rules may also result in these adverse consequences. We have in place a due diligence program designed to assess areas of risk with respect to these acquired loans, including, without limitation, compliance with underwriting guidelines and applicable laws or regulations. However, we may not detect every violation of law by these mortgage lenders. Further, to the extent any other third party originators or servicers with whom we do business fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations and any of their mortgage loans or MSRs become part of our assets, it could subject us, as an assignee or purchaser of the related mortgage loans or MSRs, to monetary penalties or other losses. In general, if any of our loans are found to have been originated, serviced or owned by us or a third party in violation of applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to lawsuits or governmental actions, or we could be fined or incur losses. While we have may contractual rights to seek indemnity or repurchase from certain of these lenders and third party originators and servicers, if any of them are unable to fulfill their indemnity or repurchase obligations to us to a material extent, our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

13 

Table of Contents 

On December 22, 2017, H.R. 1, commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act ), was signed into law. The Tax Act includes significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code. While the Tax Act has reduced our applicable federal tax rate, we cannot predict what impact the Tax Act will have on the mortgage industry or our operations, including among other things, the availability of mortgage financing, interest rates, consumer spending, the economy and the geopolitical landscape. To the extent that the Tax Act has an overall negative impact on our industry, such legislation may have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

The CFPB is active in its monitoring of the residential mortgage origination and servicing sectors. New rules and regulations and more stringent enforcement of existing rules and regulations by the CFPB could result in enforcement actions, fines, penalties and the inherent reputational risk that results from such actions. 

Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB is empowered with broad supervision, rulemaking and examination authority to enforce laws involving consumer financial products and services and to ensure, among other things, that consumers receive clear and accurate disclosures regarding financial products and are protected from hidden fees and unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices. The CFPB has adopted a number of final regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act regarding truth in lending, ability to repay, home mortgage loan disclosure, home loan origination, fair credit reporting, fair debt collection practices, foreclosure protections, and mortgage servicing rules, including provisions regarding loss mitigation, early intervention, periodic statement requirements and lender-placed insurance. In October 2016, the CFPB further revised its rules under Regulations X and Z impacting lender-placed insurance notices, delinquency and early intervention, loss mitigation, periodic statement requirements, and successors-in-interest to borrowers. With the exception of the revised rules regarding periodic statement requirements for borrowers in bankruptcy and successors-in-interest to borrowers, which will become effective in April 2018, these revised rules became effective in October 2017. In January 2018, certain Home Mortgage Disclosure Act rules also became effective that require us to collect, record and report additional data about loans that we originate and service. 

The CFPB also has enforcement authority with respect to the conduct of third-party service providers of financial institutions. The CFPB has made it clear that it expects non-bank entities to maintain an effective process for managing risks associated with third-party vendor relationships, including compliance-related risks. In connection with this vendor risk management process, we are expected to perform due diligence reviews of potential vendors, review vendors policies and procedures and internal training materials to confirm compliance-related focus, include enforceable consequences in contracts with vendors regarding failure to comply with consumer protection requirements, and take prompt action, including terminating the relationship, in the event that vendors fail to meet our expectations. The CFPB is also applying greater scrutiny to compensation payments to third-party providers for marketing services and may issue guidance that narrows the range of acceptable payments to third-party providers as part of marketing services agreements, lead generation agreements and other third-party marketer relationships. 

In addition to its supervision and examination authority, the CFPB is authorized to conduct investigations to determine whether any person is engaging in, or has engaged in, conduct that violates federal consumer financial protection laws, and to initiate enforcement actions for such violations, regardless of its direct supervisory authority. Investigations may be conducted jointly with other regulators. In furtherance of its supervision and examination powers, the CFPB has the authority to impose monetary penalties for violations of applicable federal consumer financial laws, require remediation of practices and pursue administrative proceedings or litigation for violations of applicable federal consumer financial laws. The CFPB also has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders (which can include orders for restitution or rescission of contracts, as well as other kinds of affirmative relief) and monetary penalties ranging from 5,000 per day for ordinary violations of federal consumer financial laws to 25,000 per day for reckless violations and 1 million per day for knowing violations. 

Rules and regulations promulgated under the Dodd-Frank Act or by the CFPB, uncertainty regarding recent changes in leadership (including interim leadership) or authority levels within the CFPB, and actions taken or not taken by the CFPB could result in heightened federal and state regulation and oversight of our business activities, materially and adversely affect the manner in which we conduct our business, and increase costs and potential litigation associated with our business activities. Our failure to comply with the laws, rules or regulations to which we are subject, whether actual or alleged, would expose us to fines, penalties or potential litigation liabilities, including costs, settlements and 

14 

Table of Contents 

judgments, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are highly dependent on U.S. government sponsored entities and government agencies, and any changes in these entities or their current roles could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our ability to generate revenues through mortgage loan sales depends to a significant degree on programs administered by GSEs, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, government agencies, including Ginnie Mae, and others that facilitate the issuance of mortgage backed securities MBS ), in the secondary market. These Agencies play a critical role in the mortgage industry and we have significant business relationships with many of them. Presently, almost all of the newly originated conforming loans that we originate directly with borrowers or assist PMT in acquiring from mortgage lenders through our correspondent production activities qualify under existing standards for inclusion in MBS issued by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or guaranteed by Ginnie Mae. We also derive other material financial benefits from our Agency relationships, including the assumption of credit risk by certain of these Agencies on loans included in such MBS in exchange for our payment of guarantee fees and the ability to avoid certain loan inventory finance costs through streamlined loan funding and sale procedures. 

Any changes in laws and regulations affecting the relationship between Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the U.S. federal government, could adversely affect our business and prospects. Although the U.S. Treasury has committed capital to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, these actions may not be adequate for their needs. Any discontinuation of, or significant reduction in, the operation of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or any significant adverse change in their capital structure, financial condition, activity levels in the primary or secondary mortgage markets or in underwriting criteria could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

The roles of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could be significantly restructured, reduced or eliminated and the nature of the guarantees could be considerably limited relative to historical measurements. Elimination of the traditional roles of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, or any changes to the nature or extent of the guarantees provided by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or the fees, terms and guidelines that govern our selling and servicing relationships with them, such as increases in the guarantee fees we are required to pay, initiatives that increase the number of repurchase requests and/or the manner in which they are pursued, or possible limits on delivery volumes imposed upon us and other seller/servicers, could also materially and adversely affect our business, including our ability to sell and securitize loans through our loan production segment, and the performance, liquidity and market value of our investments. Our ability to generate revenues from newly originated loans that we assist PMT in acquiring through its correspondent production business would be similarly affected. Moreover, any changes to the nature of the GSEs or their guarantee obligations could redefine what constitutes an Agency MBS and could have broad adverse implications for the market and our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our ability to generate revenues from newly originated loans that we assist PMT in acquiring through its correspondent production business is also highly dependent on the fact that the Agencies have not historically acquired such loans directly from mortgage lenders, but have instead relied on banks and non bank aggregators such as us to acquire, aggregate and securitize or otherwise sell such loans to investors in the secondary market. Certain of the Agencies have approved new and smaller lenders that traditionally may not have qualified for such approvals. To the extent that these lenders choose to sell directly to the Agencies rather than through loan aggregators like us, the number of loans available for purchase by aggregators is reduced, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Similarly, to the extent the Agencies increase the number of purchases and sales for their own accounts, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We are required to hold various Agency approvals in order to conduct our business and there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain those Agency approvals or that changes in Agency guidelines will not materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

We are required to hold certain Agency approvals in order to sell mortgage loans to the Agencies and service such mortgage loans on their behalf. Our failure to satisfy the various requirements necessary to obtain and maintain such 

15 

Table of Contents 

Agency approvals over time would restrict our direct business activities and could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

We are also required to follow specific guidelines that impact the way that we originate and service Agency loans, including guidelines with respect to: 

credit standards for mortgage loans; 

collections, remittances and other payments; 

our staffing levels and other servicing practices; 

the servicing and ancillary fees that we may charge; 

our modification standards and procedures; and 

the amount of non reimbursable advances. 

We generally cannot negotiate these terms with the Agencies and they are subject to change at any time. A significant change in these guidelines that has the effect of decreasing the fees we charge or requires us to expend additional resources in providing mortgage services could decrease our revenues or increase our costs, which would also adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

In addition, the Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA has directed the GSEs to align their guidelines for servicing delinquent mortgages that they own or that back securities which they guarantee, which can result in monetary incentives for servicers that perform well and penalties for those that do not. The FHFA has also directed the GSEs to assess compensatory penalties against servicers in connection with the failure to meet specified timelines relating to delinquent loans and foreclosure proceedings, and other breaches of servicing obligations. Our failure to operate efficiently and effectively within the prevailing regulatory framework and in accordance with the applicable origination and servicing guidelines and/or the loss of our seller/servicer license approval or approved issuer status with the Agencies could result in our failure to benefit from available monetary incentives and/or expose us to monetary penalties and curtailments, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our inability to meet certain net worth and liquidity requirements imposed by the Agencies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operation. 

We are subject to minimum financial eligibility requirements established by the Agencies. These eligibility requirements align the minimum financial requirements for entities to do business with the Agencies. These minimum financial requirements, which are described in Liquidity and Capital Resources , include net worth, capital ratio and/or liquidity criteria in order to set a minimum level of capital needed to adequately absorb potential losses and a minimum amount of liquidity needed to service Agency mortgage loans and MBS and cover the associated financial obligations and risks. 

In order to meet these minimum financial requirements, we are required to maintain cash and cash equivalents in amounts that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, and this could significantly impede us from growing our business and place us at a competitive disadvantage in relation to federally chartered banks and certain other financial institutions. To the extent that such minimum financial requirements are not met, the Agencies may suspend or terminate our Agency approvals or agreements, which could cause us to cross default under financing arrangements and/or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition liquidity and results of operations. 

16 

Table of Contents 

We may be subject to certain banking regulations that may limit our business activities. 

As of September 30, 2017, PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC owned approximately 22 of the outstanding voting common shares of BlackRock, Inc. Based on PNC s interests in and relationships with BlackRock, Inc., BlackRock, Inc. is deemed to be a non-bank subsidiary of PNC. BlackRock, Inc. is an affiliate of BlackRock Mortgage Ventures, LLC, which is one of our largest equity holders. Due to these relationships, we are deemed to be a non-bank subsidiary of PNC, which is regulated as a financial holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. As a non-bank subsidiary of PNC, we may be subject to certain banking regulations, including the supervision and regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Such banking regulations could limit the activities and the types of businesses that we may conduct. The Federal Reserve has broad enforcement authority over financial holding companies and their subsidiaries. The Federal Reserve could exercise its power to restrict PNC from having a non-bank subsidiary that is engaged in any activity that, in the Federal Reserve s opinion, is unauthorized or constitutes an unsafe or unsound business practice, and could exercise its power to restrict us from engaging in any such activity. The Federal Reserve may also impose substantial fines and other penalties for violations that we may commit. To the extent that we, as a non-bank mortgage lender, are subject to banking regulations, we could be at a competitive disadvantage because many of our non-bank competitors are not subject to these same regulations. 

In addition, provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act referred to as the Volcker Rule prohibit or restrict a bank holding company and its affiliates from conducting certain transactions with certain investment funds, including hedge funds and private equity funds (collectively covered funds ), when it has an ownership interest in, sponsors or advises a covered fund. The Volcker Rule prohibits proprietary trading as defined by such rule, unless the trading is permitted by an exemption, such as for risk-mitigating hedging purposes. The Volcker Rule applies to us by virtue of our affiliation with PNC through BlackRock. The Volcker Rule limits our ability to acquire or retain an ownership interest in, sponsor, advise or manage covered funds, and limits investments in certain covered funds by our employees, among other restrictions. If a fund, whether newly created or existing, becomes a covered fund, then certain transactions between us and the covered fund could be prohibited or restricted, or the fund may need to be restructured. These prohibitions, restrictions and limitations could disadvantage us against those competitors that are not subject to the Volcker Rule in the ability to manage covered funds and to retain employees. Our failure to comply with the requirements of the Volcker Rule may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Unlike competitors that are federally chartered banks, we are subject to the licensing and operational requirements of states and other jurisdictions that result in substantial compliance costs, and our business would be adversely affected if we lose our licenses. 

Because we are not a federally chartered depository institution, we do not benefit from exemptions to state mortgage lending, loan servicing or debt collection licensing and regulatory requirements. We must comply with state licensing requirements and varying compliance requirements in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and regulatory changes may increase our costs through stricter licensing laws, disclosure laws or increased fees or may impose conditions to licensing that we or our personnel are unable to meet. 

In most states in which we operate, a regulatory agency or agencies regulate and enforce laws relating to mortgage servicers and mortgage originators. These rules and regulations generally provide for licensing as a mortgage servicer, mortgage originator, loan modification underwriter, or third party debt default specialist (or a combination thereof), requirements as to the form and content of employee compensation contracts and other documentation, licensing of our employees and those of independent contractors with whom we contract, and employee hiring background checks. They also set forth restrictions on advertising and collection practices and disclosure and record keeping requirements, and they establish a variety of borrowers rights. Future state legislation and changes in existing regulation may significantly increase our compliance costs or reduce the amount of ancillary income we are entitled to collect from borrowers or otherwise. This could make our business cost prohibitive in the affected state or states and could materially affect our business. 

17 

Table of Contents 

The failure of PennyMac Loan Services, LLC to avail itself of an appropriate exemption from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 

We intend to operate so that we and each of our subsidiaries are not required to register as investment companies under the Investment Company Act. We believe that our subsidiary, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC PLS ), qualifies for the exemption provided in Section 3(c)(6) because it has been, and is expected to continue to be, primarily engaged, directly or through majority-owned subsidiaries, in (1) the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages or other liens on and interests in real estate (from which not less than 25 percent of its gross income during its last fiscal year was and will continue to be derived), together with (2) an additional business or businesses other than investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities, namely the business of servicing mortgages. Although we expect not less than twenty five percent (25 of PLS gross income to be derived from originating, purchasing, or acquiring mortgages or liens on and interests in real estate, there can be no assurances that the composition of PLS gross income will remain the same over time. 

To date, the SEC staff has provided limited guidance with respect to the applicability of Section 3(c)(6), and PLS has not sought a no-action letter from the SEC staff respecting its position. If PLS is ultimately unable to rely on the Section 3(c)(6) exemption due to a failure to meet the 25 percent of gross income test or to the extent that the SEC staff provides negative guidance regarding the applicability or scope of the exemption, we may be required to either (a) register as an investment company, or (b) substantially restructure our business, change our investment strategy and/or the manner in which we conduct our operations in order to qualify for another Investment Company Act exemption and avoid being required to register as an investment company, either of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

In the case of a restructuring, PLS could temporarily rely on Rule 3a-2 for its exemption from registration. Rule 3a-2 provides a safe harbor exemption, not to exceed one year, for companies that have a bona fide intent to be engaged in an excepted activity but temporarily fail to meet the requirements for an exemption. In such case, PLS would likely be required to restructure its business by acquiring and/or disposing of assets in order to meet an exemption under Section 3(c)(5)(C), depending on the composition of its assets at the time. The SEC staff s position on Section 3(c)(5)(C) generally requires that an issuer maintain at least 55 of its assets in mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate (qualifying assets) and at least 80 of its assets in qualifying assets plus real estate-related assets. PLS would be more limited in its ability to hold MSRs or would be required to acquire and hold more mortgage loans and real estate to adjust the composition of its assets to meet the 55 and 80 tests. 

If PLS is required to register as an investment company, we would be required to comply with a variety of substantive requirements under the Investment Company Act that impose, among other things: limitations on capital structure; restrictions on specified investments; prohibitions on transactions with affiliates; compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting and proxy disclosure; and, other rules and regulations that would significantly increase our operating expenses. Further, if PLS was or is required to register as an investment company, PLS would be in breach of various representations and warranties contained in its credit and other agreements resulting in a default as to certain of our contracts and obligations. This could also subject us to civil or criminal actions or regulatory proceedings, or result in a court appointed receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Liability relating to environmental matters may impact the value of properties that we may acquire or the properties underlying our investments. 

Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, an owner or operator of real property may become liable for the costs of removal of certain hazardous substances released on its property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator was responsible for, or aware of, the release of such hazardous substances. The presence of hazardous substances may also adversely affect an owner s ability to sell real estate, borrow using real estate as collateral or make debt payments to us. In addition, if we take title to a property, the presence of hazardous substances may adversely affect our ability to sell the property, and we may become liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for various fines, damages or remediation costs. Any of these liabilities or events may materially and adversely affect the fair value of the relevant asset and/or our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

18 

Table of Contents 

Market Risks 

Our mortgage banking revenues are highly dependent on macroeconomic and United States real estate market, mortgage market and financial market conditions. 

The success of our business strategies and our results of operations are materially affected by current or future conditions in the real estate market, mortgage markets, financial markets and the economy generally. Factors such as inflation, deflation, unemployment, personal and business income taxes, healthcare, energy costs, geopolitical issues and the availability and cost of credit may contribute to increased volatility and unclear expectations for the economy in general and the real estate, mortgage market and financial markets in particular going forward. A destabilization of the real estate market, mortgage market and financial markets or deterioration in these markets also could reduce our loan production volume, reduce the profitability of servicing mortgages or adversely affect our ability to sell mortgage loans that we originate or acquire, either at a profit or at all. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

The industry in which we operate is highly competitive, and is likely to become more competitive, and decreased margins resulting from increased competition or our inability to compete successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result of economic, legislative, regulatory and technological changes. With respect to mortgage loan production, we face competition in such areas as mortgage loan offerings, rates, fees and customer service. With respect to servicing, we face competition in areas such as fees, cost to service and service levels, including our performance in reducing delinquencies and entering into successful modifications. 

Large commercial banks and savings institutions and other non-bank mortgage originators and servicers are becoming increasingly competitive in the origination or acquisition of newly originated mortgage loans and the servicing of mortgage loans. Many of these institutions have significantly greater resources and access to capital than we do, which may give them the benefit of a lower cost of funds. Additionally, our existing and potential competitors may decide to modify their business models to compete more directly with our loan production and servicing models. For example, other non bank loan servicers may try to leverage their servicing relationships and expertise to develop or expand a loan origination business. Since the withdrawal or decreased participation of a number of large participants from these markets following the financial crisis in 2008, there has been a steady increase in the number of non bank participants. As more non bank entities enter these markets and as more commercial banks aggressively compete, our mortgage banking businesses may generate lower volumes and/or margins. 

In addition, technological advances and heightened e commerce activities have increased consumers access to products and services. This has intensified competition among banks and non banks in offering and servicing mortgage loans. We may be unable to compete successfully in our mortgage banking businesses and this could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

We may not be able to effectively manage significant increases or decreases in our loan production volume, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our loan production segment consists of our consumer direct lending activities, in which we originate mortgage loans directly with borrowers through telephone call centers or the Internet, and our correspondent production activities, in which we facilitate the acquisition by PMT from correspondent sellers of newly originated mortgage loans that have been underwritten to our standards and, in the case of government loans, acquire such loans from PMT. 

Our correspondent production activities are relationship driven. As of December 31, 2017, we worked with 613 approved mortgage lenders, but these lenders are not contractually obligated to do business with us or PMT, and our competitors also have relationships with these lenders and actively compete against us in our efforts to expand PMT s network of approved mortgage lenders. To date, we have grown our loan production volumes with mortgage lenders on the basis of our product offerings, technical knowledge, manufacturing quality, speed of execution, interest rates and 

19 

Table of Contents 

fees. If we are not able to consistently maintain these qualities of execution, our reputation and existing relationships with mortgage lenders could be damaged. We may not be able to maintain PMT s existing relationships or develop new relationships with mortgage lenders or our new mortgage products may not gain widespread acceptance. 

Our current volume of consumer direct lending originations, which is based in large part on the refinancing of existing mortgage loans that we service, is highly dependent on interest rates and may decline if interest rates increase. Our non-servicing portfolio consumer direct lending platform may not succeed because of the referral driven nature of our industry. For example, the origination of purchase money mortgage loans is greatly influenced by traditional business clients in the home buying process such as real estate agents and builders. As a result, our ability to secure relationships with such traditional business clients will influence our ability to grow our purchase money mortgage loan volume and, thus, our consumer direct lending business. We may not be successful in establishing such relationships. In addition, to grow our consumer direct lending business, we will need to convert leads regarding prospective borrowers into funded loans, the success of which depends on the pricing we offer relative to the pricing of our competitors and our operational ability to process, underwrite and close loans. Institutions that compete with us in this regard may have significantly greater access to capital or other resources than we do, which may give them the benefit of a lower cost of operations. 

On the other hand, we may experience significant growth in our correspondent production and consumer direct lending loan volumes. If we do not effectively manage our growth, the quality of our correspondent production and consumer direct lending operations could suffer, which could negatively affect our brand and operating results. Our correspondent production and consumer direct lending operations are also subject to overall market factors that can impact our ability to grow our loan production volume. For example, increased competition from new and existing market participants, reductions in the overall level of refinancing activity or slow growth in the level of new home purchase activity can impact our ability to continue to grow our loan production volumes, and we may be forced to accept lower margins in our respective businesses in order to continue to compete and keep our volume of activity consistent with past or projected levels. We believe that changes in supply and demand within the marketplace have been driving lower margins in recent periods, which is reflected in our results of operations and in our gains on mortgage loans held for sale. If we are unable to grow our loan production volumes or if our margins become compressed, then our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We may be unable to maintain sufficient capital and liquidity to meet the financing requirements of our business. 

We will require new and continued debt financing to facilitate our anticipated growth. Accordingly, our ability to finance our operations and repay maturing obligations rests in large part on our ability to borrow money. We are generally required to renew our financing arrangements each year, which exposes us to refinancing and interest rate risks. Our ability to refinance existing debt and borrow additional funds is affected by a variety of factors beyond our control including: 

limitations imposed on us under our financing agreements that contain restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, which may limit our ability to raise additional debt; 

restrictions imposed upon us by regulatory agencies that mandate certain minimum capital and liquidity requirements; 

liquidity in the credit markets; 

prevailing interest rates; 

the strength of the lenders from which we borrow, and the regulatory environment in which they operate, including proposed capital strengthening requirements; 

limitations on borrowings on credit facilities imposed by the amount of eligible collateral pledged, which may be less than the borrowing capacity of the credit facility; and 

20 

Table of Contents 

accounting changes that may impact calculations of covenants in our debt agreements. 

No assurance can be given that any refinancing or additional financing will be possible when needed, that we will be able to negotiate acceptable terms or that market conditions will be favorable at the times that we require such refinancing or additional financing. If we are unable to obtain sufficient capital to meet the financing requirements of our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

We are also dependent on a limited number of banking institutions that extend us credit on terms that we have determined to be commercially reasonable. These banking institutions are subject to their own regulatory supervision, liquidity and capital requirements, risk management frameworks, profitability and risk thresholds and tolerances, any of which may change materially and negatively impact their business strategies, including their extension of credit to us specifically or mortgage lenders and servicers generally. Certain banking institutions have already exited, and others may in the future decide to exit, the mortgage business. Such actions may increase our cost of capital and limit or otherwise eliminate our access to capital, in which case our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

We leverage our assets under credit and other financing agreements and utilize various other sources of borrowings, which exposes us to significant risk and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

We currently leverage and, to the extent available, we intend to continue to leverage the mortgage loans produced through our consumer direct lending business and the government insured loans acquired through our correspondent production operations from PMT with borrowings under repurchase agreements. When we enter into repurchase agreements, we sell mortgage loans to lenders, which are the repurchase agreement counterparties, and receive cash from the lenders. The lenders are obligated to resell the same assets back to us at the end of the term of the transaction. Because the cash that we receive from a lender when we initially sell the assets to that lender is less than the fair value of those assets (this difference is referred to as the haircut), if the lender defaults on its obligation to resell the same assets back to us we could incur a loss on the transaction equal to the amount of the haircut (assuming that there was no change in the fair value of the assets). In addition, repurchase agreements generally allow the counterparties, to varying degrees, to determine a new fair value of the collateral to reflect current market conditions. If a counterparty lender determines that the fair value of the collateral has decreased, it may initiate a margin call and require us to either post additional collateral to cover such decrease or repay a portion of the outstanding borrowing. Should this occur, in order to obtain cash to satisfy a margin call, we may be required to liquidate assets at a disadvantageous time, which could cause us to incur further losses. If we are unable to satisfy a margin call, our counterparty may sell the collateral, which may result in significant losses to us. 

In addition, we invest in certain assets, including MSRs, for which financing has historically been difficult to obtain. We currently leverage certain of our MSRs under secured financing arrangements. Our Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac MSRs are pledged to secure borrowings under a loan and security agreement, while our Ginnie Mae MSRs and related ESS are pledged to a special purpose entity, which issues variable funding notes and term notes that are secured by such Ginnie Mae assets and repaid through the cash flows received by the special purpose entity as the lender under a repurchase agreement with PLS. In each case, similar to our repurchase agreements, the cash that we receive under these secured financing arrangements is less than the fair value of the assets and a decrease in the fair value of the pledged collateral can result in a margin call. Should a margin call occur, we may be required to liquidate assets at a disadvantageous time, which could cause us to incur further losses. If we are unable to satisfy a margin call, the secured parties may sell the collateral, which may result in significant losses to us. 

Each of the secured financing arrangements pursuant to which we finance MSRs and ESS is further subject to the terms of an acknowledgement agreement with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae, as applicable, pursuant to which our and the secured parties rights are subordinate in all respects to the rights of the applicable Agency. Accordingly, the exercise by any of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae of its rights under the applicable acknowledgment agreement could result in the extinguishment of our and the secured parties rights in the related collateral and result in significant losses to us. 

21 

Table of Contents 

We leverage certain of our other assets under a capital lease and a revolving credit agreement and may in the future utilize other sources of borrowings, including term loans, bank credit facilities and structured financing arrangements, among others. The amount of leverage we employ varies depending on the asset class being financed, our available capital, our ability to obtain and access financing arrangements with lenders and the lenders and rating agencies estimate of, among other things, the stability of our cash flows. We cannot assure you that we will have access to any debt or equity capital on favorable terms or at the desired times, or at all. Our inability to raise such capital or obtain financing on favorable terms could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our credit and financing agreements contain financial and restrictive covenants that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Although our governing documents contain no limitation on the amount of debt we may incur, the lenders under our credit and financing agreements require us and/or our subsidiaries to comply with various financial covenants, including those relating to tangible net worth, profitability and our ratio of total liabilities to tangible net worth. Incurring substantial debt subjects us to the risk that our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to repurchase the assets that we have sold to the lenders under our repurchase agreements or otherwise service the debt incurred under our other credit and financing agreements. Our lenders also require us to maintain minimum amounts of cash or cash equivalents sufficient to maintain a specified liquidity position. If we are unable to maintain these liquidity levels, we could be forced to sell additional assets at a loss and our financial condition could deteriorate rapidly. 

Our existing credit and financing agreements also impose other financial and non financial covenants and restrictions on us that impact our flexibility to determine our operating policies and investment strategies by limiting our ability to incur certain types of indebtedness; grant liens; engage in consolidations, mergers and asset sales, make restricted payments and investments; enter into transactions with affiliates; and amend, modify or prepay certain indebtedness . In our credit and financing agreements, we agree to certain covenants and restrictions and we make representations about the assets sold or pledged under these agreements. We also agree to certain events of default (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods), including payment defaults, breaches of financial and other covenants and/or certain representations and warranties, cross-defaults, servicer termination events, ratings downgrades, guarantor defaults, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings and other events of default and remedies customary for these types of agreements. If we default on our obligations under a credit or financing agreement, fail to comply with certain covenants and restrictions or breach our representations and are unable to cure, the lender may be able to terminate the transaction or its commitments, accelerate any amounts outstanding, require us to post additional collateral or repurchase the assets, and/or cease entering into any other credit transactions with us. 

Because our credit and financing agreements typically contain cross default provisions, a default that occurs under any one agreement could allow the lenders under our other agreements to also declare a default, thereby exposing us to a variety of lender remedies, such as those described above, and potential losses arising therefrom. Any losses that we incur on our credit and financing agreements could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our earnings may decrease because of changes in prevailing interest rates. 

Our profitability is directly affected by changes in prevailing interest rates. The following are the material risks we face related to increases in prevailing interest rates: 

an increase in prevailing interest rates could adversely affect our loan production volume because refinancing an existing loan would be less attractive for homeowners and qualifying for a loan may be more difficult for consumers; 

an increase in prevailing interest rates could adversely affect our Ginnie Mae early buyout program because loan modifications would become less economically feasible; 

22 

Table of Contents 

an increase in prevailing interest rates would increase the cost of servicing our outstanding debt, including debt related to servicing assets and loan production; and 

an increase in prevailing interest rates could increase payments for servicing customers with adjustable rate mortgages and generate an increase in delinquency, default and foreclosure rates, resulting in an increase in our loan servicing expenses. 

The following are the material risks we face related to decreases in prevailing interest rates: 

a decrease in prevailing interest rates may cause more borrowers to refinance existing loans that we service or may cause the expected volume of refinancing to increase, which would require us to record decreases in fair value and a higher level of amortization, impairment or both on our MSRs; and 

a decrease in prevailing interest rates could reduce our earnings from our custodial deposit accounts. 

An event of default, a negative ratings action by a rating agency, the perception of financial weakness, an adverse action by a regulatory authority, a lengthening of foreclosure timelines or a general deterioration in the economy that constricts the availability of credit may increase our cost of funds and make it difficult for us to refinance existing debt and borrow additional funds. In addition, we may not be able to adjust our operational capacity in a timely fashion, or at all, in response to increases or decreases in mortgage production volume resulting from changes in prevailing interest rates. 

Any of the increases or decreases discussed above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Hedging against interest rate exposure may materially and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

We pursue hedging strategies to reduce our exposure to adverse changes in interest rates. Our hedging activity will vary in scope based on the risks hedged, the level of interest rates, the type of investments held, and other changing market conditions. Hedging instruments involve risk because they often are not traded on regulated exchanges, guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities, and our interest rate hedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect us because, among other things: 

interest rate hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of rising and volatile interest rates; 

available interest rate hedging may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought; 

the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related liability or asset; 

the credit quality of the hedging counterparty owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; and 

the hedging counterparty owing the money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay. 

In addition, we may fail to recalculate, re adjust and execute hedges in an efficient manner. Any hedging activity, which is intended to limit losses, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Therefore, while we may enter into such transactions seeking to reduce interest rate risk, unanticipated changes in interest rates may result in worse overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. A liquid secondary market may not exist for a hedging instrument purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in significant losses. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in hedging strategies and price movements in the portfolio positions or liabilities being hedged may vary materially. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not establish an effective correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio positions or liabilities being 

23 

Table of Contents 

hedged. Any such ineffective correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. Numerous regulations currently apply to hedging and any new regulations or changes in existing regulations may significantly increase our administrative or compliance costs. Our derivative agreements generally provide for the daily mark to market of our hedge exposures. If a hedge counterparty determines that its exposure to us exceeds its exposure threshold, it may initiate a margin call and require us to post collateral. If we are unable to satisfy a margin call, we would be in default of our agreement, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

We use estimates in determining the fair value of our MSRs, which are highly volatile assets with continually changing values. If our estimates of their value prove to be inaccurate, we may be required to write down the fair values of the MSRs which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

The fair value of our MSRs is based on the cash flows projected to result from the servicing of the related mortgage loans and continually fluctuates due to a number of factors. These factors include prepayment speeds, changes in interest rates and other market conditions, which affect the number of loans that are repaid or refinanced and thus no longer result in cash flows, and the number of loans that become delinquent. 

We use internal financial models that utilize our understanding of inputs and assumptions used by market participants to value our MSRs for purposes of financial reporting and for purposes of determining the price that we pay for portfolios of MSRs and to acquire loans for which we will retain MSRs. These models are complex and use asset specific collateral data and market inputs for interest and discount rates. In addition, the modeling requirements of MSRs are complex because of the high number of variables that drive cash flows associated with MSRs. Even if the general accuracy of our valuation models is validated, valuations are highly dependent upon the reasonableness of our inputs and the results of the models. 

If loan delinquencies or prepayment speeds are different than anticipated or other factors perform differently than modeled, the recorded value of certain of our MSRs may change. Significant differences in performance could increase the chance that we do not adequately estimate the impact of these factors on our valuations which could results in misstatements of our financial results, restatements of our financial statements, or otherwise materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

The geographic concentration of our servicing portfolio may decrease the fair value of our MSRs and adversely affect our consumer direct business, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2017, approximately 19 of the aggregate outstanding loan balance in our servicing portfolio was secured by properties located in California. To the extent that California or other states in which we have greater concentrations of business in the future experience weaker economic conditions or greater rates of decline in real estate values than the United States generally, such concentration may disproportionately decrease the fair value of our MSRs and adversely affect our consumer direct lending business. The impact of property value declines may increase in magnitude and it may continue for a long period of time. Additionally, if states in which we have greater concentrations of business were to change their licensing or other regulatory requirements to make our business cost prohibitive, we may be required to stop doing business in those states or may be subject to a higher cost of doing business in those states, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Increases in delinquencies and defaults may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

A decrease in home prices may result in higher loan to value ratios LTVs ), lower recoveries in foreclosure and an increase in loss severities above those that would have been realized had property values remained the same or continued to increase. Some borrowers do not have sufficient equity in their homes to permit them to refinance their existing loans, which may reduce the volume or growth of our loan production business. This may also provide borrowers with an incentive to default on their mortgage loans even if they have the ability to make principal and interest payments. Further, despite recent increases, interest rates have remained near historical lows for an extended period of 

24 

Table of Contents 

time. Borrowers with adjustable rate mortgage loans must make larger monthly payments when the interest rates on those mortgage loans adjust upward from their initial fixed rates or low introductory rates to the rates computed in accordance with the applicable index and margin. Increases in monthly payments may increase the delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures on a significant number of the loans that we service. 

Increased mortgage delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures may result in lower revenue for loans that we service for the Agencies because we only collect servicing fees from the Agencies for performing loans, and our failure to service delinquent and defaulted loans in accordance with the applicable servicing guidelines could result in our failure to benefit from available monetary incentives and/or expose us to monetary penalties and curtailments. Additionally, while increased delinquencies generate higher ancillary fees, including late fees, these fees are not likely to be recoverable in the event that the related loan is liquidated. In addition, an increase in delinquencies lowers the interest income that we receive on cash held in collection and other accounts because there is less cash in those accounts. Also, increased mortgage defaults may ultimately reduce the number of mortgages that we service. 

Increased mortgage delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures will also result in a higher cost to service those loans due to the increased time and effort required to collect payments from delinquent borrowers and to acquire and liquidate the properties securing the loans or otherwise resolve loan defaults if payment collection is unsuccessful, and only a portion of these increased costs are recoverable under our servicing agreements. Increased mortgage delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures may also result in an increase in our interest expense and affect our liquidity as a result of borrowing under our credit facilities to fund an increase in the advances we are obligated to make to fulfill our obligations to MBS holders and to protect our investors interests in the properties securing the delinquent mortgage loans. 

A disruption in the MBS market could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Most of the loans that we produce are pooled into MBS issued by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or guaranteed by Ginnie Mae. Disruptions in the general MBS market have occurred in the past. Any significant disruption or period of illiquidity in the general MBS market would directly affect our own liquidity and the liquidity of PMT because no existing alternative secondary market would likely be willing and able to accommodate on a timely basis the volume of loans that we typically sell in any given period. Furthermore, we would remain contractually obligated to fund loans under our outstanding IRLCs without being able to sell our existing inventory of mortgage loans. Accordingly, if the MBS market experiences a period of illiquidity, we might be prevented from selling the loans that we produce into the secondary market in a timely manner or at favorable prices and we would be required to hold a larger inventory of loans than we have committed facilities to fund or we may be required to repay a portion of the debt secured by these assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our originations of multifamily mortgage loans are dependent upon the success of the multifamily real estate market and may be affected by substantial competition in the market and other conditions that could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The multifamily real estate market is highly competitive. We originate loans and acquire real estate assets secured by multifamily properties. The profitability of these business activities will be closely tied to the overall success of and competition in the multifamily real estate market. Various changes in real estate conditions may impact the multifamily real estate sector. Any negative trends in such real estate conditions may reduce demand for our products and services and, as a result, adversely affect our results of operations. These conditions include: 

increased competition in the multifamily real estate sector based on considerations such as the attractiveness, location, rental rates, amenities and safety record of various properties; 

our ability to effectively compete in the multifamily real estate market; 

oversupply of, or a reduction in demand for, multifamily housing properties; 

25 

Table of Contents 

a favorable single-family real estate or interest rate environment that may result in a significant number of potential residents of multifamily properties deciding to purchase homes instead of renting; 

rent control or stabilization laws, or other laws regulating multifamily housing, which could affect the profitability of multifamily developments; 

the inability of residents or tenants to pay rent; and 

increased operating costs, including increased real property taxes, maintenance, insurance and utilities costs. 

Moreover, other factors may adversely affect the multifamily real estate market, including changes in government regulations and other laws, rules and regulations governing real estate, zoning or taxes, changes in interest rate levels, the potential liability under environmental and other laws, delinquency, foreclosure and other unforeseen events. Any or all of these factors could negatively impact the multifamily real estate market and, as a result, reduce the demand for our products and services. Any such reduction could adversely affect us. 

Related Party Risks 

We rely on PMT as a significant source of financing for, and revenue related to, our mortgage banking business, and the termination of, or material adverse change in, the terms of this relationship, or a material adverse change to PMT or its operations, would adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

PMT is the counterparty that currently acquires all of the newly originated mortgage loans in connection with our correspondent production operations. A significant portion of our income is derived from a fulfillment fee earned in connection with PMT s acquisition of conventional loans. We are able to conduct our correspondent production operations without having to incur the significant additional debt financing that would be required for us to purchase those loans from the originating lender. In the case of government insured loans, we purchase them from PMT at PMT s cost plus a sourcing fee and fulfill them for our own account and sell the loans, typically by pooling the federally insured or guaranteed loans together into an MBS which Ginnie Mae guarantees. We earn interest income and gains or losses during the holding period and upon the sale of these securities, and we retain the MSRs with respect to the loans. If this relationship with PMT is terminated by PMT or PMT reduces the volume of these loans that it acquires for any reason, we would have to acquire these loans from the correspondent sellers for our own account, something that we may be unable to do, or enter into another similar counterparty arrangement with a third party, which we may not be able to enter into on terms that are as favorable to us, or at all. 

We are also dependent upon PMT as a source of capital in connection with our ability to originate and service multifamily loans. Through one of its subsidiaries, PMT is an approved multifamily seller/servicer for Fannie Mae, and we rely upon PMT to purchase the multifamily loans that we originate in accordance with Fannie Mae guidelines and deliver such loans to Fannie Mae under this approval. If this relationship with PMT is terminated by PMT or Fannie Mae no longer permits PMT to sell multifamily loans it acquires from us, it would require us to obtain additional debt financing, and there is no assurance that we would be able to sell such loans to another Agency or third party investor on favorable terms, or at all. Accordingly, a change in this relationship by and among PMT, Fannie Mae and us could have a material and adverse effect on our multifamily loan business. 

The management agreement, the mortgage banking services agreement and certain of the other agreements that we have entered into with PMT contain cross termination provisions that allow PMT to terminate one or more of those agreements under certain circumstances where another one of such agreements is terminated. Accordingly, the termination of this relationship with PMT, or a material change in the terms thereof that is adverse to us, would likely have a material adverse effect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The terms of these agreements extend until September 12, 2020, subject to automatic renewal for additional 18-month periods, but any of the agreements may be terminated earlier under certain circumstances or otherwise non-renewed. If any agreement is terminated or non-renewed and not replaced by a new agreement, it would materially and adversely affect our ability to continue to execute our business plan. 

26 

Table of Contents 

We expect that PMT will continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, it is possible that PMT may not meet the requirements for qualification as a REIT. If PMT were to lose its REIT status, corporate-level income taxes, including alternative minimum taxes, would apply to all of PMT's taxable income at federal and state tax rates. Either of these scenarios would potentially impair PMT s financial position and its ability to raise capital, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. In addition, while the effect of the recently passed Tax Act is uncertain at this time, it may decrease the attractiveness of a REIT investment relative to investments in other securities. 

A significant portion of our loan servicing operations are conducted pursuant to subservicing contracts with PMT, and any termination by PMT of these contracts, or a material change in the terms thereof that is adverse to us, would adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

PMT, as the owner of a substantial number of all of the MSRs or mortgage loans that we subservice, may, under certain circumstances, terminate our subservicing contract with or without cause, in some instances with little notice and little to no compensation. Upon any such termination, it would be difficult to replace such a large volume of subservicing in a short period of time, or perhaps at all. Accordingly, we may not generate as much revenue from subservicing for other third parties. If we were to have our subservicing terminated by PMT, or if there was a change in the terms under which we perform subservicing for PMT that was material and adverse to us, this would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

PMT has an exclusive right to acquire the loans that are produced through our correspondent production operations, which may limit the revenues that we could otherwise earn in respect of those loans. 

Our mortgage banking services agreement with PMT requires PLS to provide fulfillment services for correspondent production activities exclusively to PMT as long as PMT has the legal and financial capacity to purchase correspondent loans. As a result, unless PMT sells some of these loans back to us, the revenue that we earn with respect to these loans will be limited to the fulfillment fees that we earn in connection with the production of these loans, which may be less than the revenues that we might otherwise be able to realize by acquiring these loans ourselves and selling them in the secondary loan market. 

Our financings of MSRs using excess servicing spread exposes us to significant risks. 

We sell to PMT or its subsidiaries, from time to time, the right to receive certain ESS arising from MSRs that we own or acquire. The ESS represents the difference between our contractual servicing fee with the applicable Agency and the base servicing fee that we retain as compensation for servicing the related mortgage loans upon our sale of the ESS. 

As a condition of our sale of the ESS, PMT is required to subordinate its interests in the ESS to those of the applicable Agency. With respect to our Ginnie Mae MSRs, we pledged our interest in such MSRs and PMT s interest in the related ESS to a special purpose entity, which issues variable funding notes and term notes that are secured by such Ginnie Mae assets and repaid through the cash flows received by the special purpose entity as the lender under a repurchase agreement with PLS. Accordingly, our interest in the Ginnie Mae MSRs and PMT s interest in the related ESS are also subordinated to the rights of an indenture trustee on behalf of the note holders to which the special purpose entity issues its variable funding notes and term notes under an indenture, pursuant to which the indenture trustee has a blanket lien on all of our Ginnie Mae MSRs (including the ESS we sell to PMT and record as a financing). 

The indenture trustee, on behalf of the note holders, may liquidate our Ginnie Mae MSRs along with PMT s interest in the ESS to the extent there exists an event of default under the indenture, the result of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. In the event PMT s ESS is liquidated as a result of certain of our actions or inactions, we generally would be required to indemnify PMT under the applicable spread acquisition agreement. A claim by PMT for the loss of its ESS as a result of our actions or inactions would likely be significant in size and could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

27 

Table of Contents 

In connection with PLS repurchase agreement with the special purpose entity, we also provide pass through financing to PMT under a repurchase agreement to facilitate its financing of the ESS it acquires from us. The repurchase agreement subjects us to the credit risk of PMT. To the extent PMT defaults in its payments of principal and interest under its repurchase agreement with us, we would still be required to make the allocable and corresponding payments under our repurchase agreement with the special purpose entity. To the extent PMT fails to make such payments of principal and interest to us or otherwise defaults under its repurchase agreement and we are unable to make the allocable and corresponding payments under our repurchase agreement with the special purpose entity, this could also create an event of default that could cause a cross default under other financing arrangements and/or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Other Risks 

We may be required to indemnify the purchasers of loans that we originate, acquire or assist in the fulfillment of, or repurchase those loans, if those loans fail to meet certain criteria or characteristics or under other circumstances. 

Our contracts with purchasers of newly originated loans that we fund through our consumer direct lending business or acquire from PMT through our correspondent production activities contain provisions that require us to indemnify the purchaser of the related loans or repurchase such loans under certain circumstances. We believe that, as a result of the current market environment, many purchasers of mortgage loans, including the Agencies, are particularly aware of the conditions under which loan originators or sellers must indemnify them against losses related to purchased loans, or repurchase such loans, and would benefit from enforcing any indemnity or repurchase remedies they may have. Our loan sale agreements with purchasers, including the Agencies, contain provisions that generally require us to indemnify or repurchase these loans if: 

our representations and warranties concerning loan quality and loan characteristics are inaccurate; or 

the loans fail to comply with the respective Agency s underwriting or regulatory requirements. 

Repurchased loans typically can only be financed at a steep discount to their repurchase price, if at all. They are also typically valued and, therefore, can generally only be sold at a significant discount to the underlying UPBs. In certain cases involving mortgage lenders from whom loans were acquired through our correspondent production activities, we may have contractual rights to either recover some or all of our indemnification losses or otherwise demand repurchase of these loans. Depending on the volume of repurchase and indemnification requests, some of these mortgage lenders may not be able to financially fulfill their obligation to indemnify us or repurchase the affected loans. If a material amount of recovery cannot be obtained from these mortgage lenders, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Although our indemnification and repurchase exposure cannot be quantified with certainty, to recognize these potential indemnification and repurchase losses, we have recorded a liability of 20.1 million as of December 31, 2017. Because of the increase in our loan production over time, we expect that indemnification and repurchase requests are also likely to increase. Should home values decrease and negatively impact the related loan values, our realized loan losses from indemnifications and repurchases may increase as well. As such, our indemnification and repurchase costs may increase well beyond our current expectations. In addition, our mortgage banking services agreement with PMT requires us to indemnify it with respect to loans for which we provide fulfillment services in certain instances. If we are required to indemnify PMT, or other purchasers against loans, or repurchase loans, that result in losses that exceed the recorded liability, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about borrowers and counterparties and any misrepresented information could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

In deciding whether to approve loans or to enter into other transactions with borrowers and counterparties in our consumer direct lending and correspondent production operations, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on 

28 

Table of Contents 

behalf of borrowers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of borrowers and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. If any of this information is intentionally or negligently misrepresented and such misrepresentation is not detected prior to loan funding, the fair value of the loan may be significantly lower than expected. Whether a misrepresentation is made by the loan applicant, another third party or one of our employees, we generally bear the risk of loss associated with the misrepresentation. Our controls and processes may not have detected or may not detect all misrepresented information in our loan originations or acquisitions. Any such misrepresented information could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our prime servicing portfolio, which consists primarily of recently originated loans, has a limited performance history, which makes our future results of operations more difficult to predict. 

The likelihood of mortgage delinquencies and defaults, and the associated risks to our business, including higher costs to service such loans and a greater risk that we may incur losses due to repurchase or indemnification demands, change as loans season. Newly originated loans typically exhibit low delinquency and default rates as the changes in economic conditions, individual financial circumstances and other factors that drive borrower delinquency often do not appear for months or years. Highly seasoned loan portfolios, in which borrowers have demonstrated years of performance on their mortgage payments, also tend to exhibit low delinquency and default rates. Most of the loans in our prime servicing portfolio were originated in the years 2014 through 2017. As a result, we expect the delinquency rate and defaults in the prime servicing portfolio to increase in future periods as the portfolio seasons, but we cannot predict the magnitude of this impact on our results of operations. 

Our counterparties may terminate our MSRs, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

As is standard in the industry, under the terms of our master servicing agreements with the Agencies in respect of Agency MSRs that we retain in connection with our loan production, the Agencies have the right to terminate us as servicer of the loans we service on their behalf at any time (and, in certain instances, without the payment of any termination fee) and also have the right to cause us to sell the MSRs to a third party. In addition, our failure to comply with applicable servicing guidelines could result in our termination under such master servicing agreements by the Agencies with little or no notice and without any compensation. The owners of other non-Agency loans that we service may also terminate certain of our MSRs if we fail to comply with applicable servicing guidelines. If the MSRs are terminated on a material portion of our servicing portfolio, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We are required to make servicing advances that can be subject to delays in recovery or may not be recoverable in certain circumstances, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

During any period in which a borrower is not making payments, we are required under most of our servicing agreements in respect of our MSRs to advance our own funds to pay property taxes and insurance premiums, legal expenses and other protective advances. We also advance funds under these agreements to maintain, repair and market real estate properties on behalf of investors. As home values change, we may have to reconsider certain of the assumptions underlying our decisions to make advances and, in certain situations, our contractual obligations may require us to make advances for which we may not be reimbursed. In addition, if a mortgage loan serviced by us is in default or becomes delinquent, the repayment to us of the advance may be delayed until the mortgage loan is repaid or refinanced or a liquidation occurs. A delay in our ability to collect advances may adversely affect our liquidity, and our inability to be reimbursed for advances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

29 

Table of Contents 

We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of potential future acquisitions of MSRs, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of potential future acquisitions of servicing portfolios will depend, in part, on our ability to appropriately service any such assets. The process of acquiring these assets may disrupt our business and may not result in the full benefits expected. The risks associated with these acquisitions include, among others, unanticipated issues in integrating information regarding the new loans to be serviced into our information technology systems, and the diversion of management s attention from other ongoing business concerns. We have also seen increased scrutiny by the Agencies and regulators with respect to large servicing acquisitions, the effect of which could reduce the willingness of selling institutions to pursue MSR sales and/or impede our ability to complete MSR acquisitions. Moreover, if we inappropriately value the assets that we acquire or the fair value of the assets that we acquire declines after we acquire them, the resulting charges may negatively affect both the carrying value of the assets on our balance sheet and our earnings. Furthermore, if we incur additional indebtedness to finance an acquisition, the acquired servicing portfolio may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to service that additional indebtedness. Unsuitable or unsuccessful acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Risks Related to our Investment Management Segment 

The investment management industry is intensely competitive. 

The investment management industry is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, management fee rates, reputation, and the continuity of the management team, client relationships and buying and selling arrangements with intermediaries. A number of factors, including the following, serve to increase our competitive risks: 

a number of our competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, more comprehensive name recognition and more personnel than we do; 

potential competitors have a relatively low cost of entering the investment management industry; 

some investors may prefer to invest with a manager that is not publicly traded based on the perception that a publicly traded investment manager may focus on the manager s own growth to the detriment of asset performance for clients; 

other industry participants, hedge funds and alternative investment managers may seek to recruit our investment professionals; and 

some competitors charge lower fees for their investment services than we do. 

If we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Market conditions could reduce the fair value of the assets that we manage, which would reduce our management and incentive fees. 

A significant portion of the fees that we earn under our investment management agreements with clients are based on the fair value of the assets that we manage. The fair values of the securities and other assets held in the portfolios that we manage and, therefore, our assets under management may decline due to any number of factors beyond our control, including, among others, a decline in housing, changes to interest rates, stock or bond market movements a general economic downturn, political uncertainty or acts of terrorism. The economic outlook cannot be predicted with certainty and we continue to operate in a challenging business environment. If volatile market conditions cause a decline in the fair value of our assets under management, that decline in fair value could materially reduce our management fees and incentive fees under our management contracts with our Advised Entities and adversely affect our 

30 

Table of Contents 

revenues. If our revenues decline without a commensurate reduction in our expenses, our net income will be reduced and our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We currently manage assets primarily for a single client, the loss of which could significantly reduce our management and incentive fees and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Substantially all of our management and incentive fees result from our management of PMT. The term of the management agreement that we have entered into with PMT, as amended, expires on September 12, 2020, subject to automatic renewal for additional 18-month periods, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the agreement. In the event of a termination of one or more related party agreements by PMT in certain circumstances, we may be entitled to a termination fee under our management agreement. However, the termination of such management agreement and the loss of PMT as a client would significantly affect our investment management segment and negatively impact our management fees and incentive fees, and could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Also, because the management agreement we entered into with PMT was negotiated between related parties without the benefit of the type of negotiations normally conducted with unaffiliated third parties, the terms of this agreement, including the fees payable to us, may prove to be more favorable to us than they would be if this agreement had been negotiated with unaffiliated third parties. Accordingly, we may not generate as much revenue from management agreements that we enter into with other third parties. 

The Investment Funds we manage are limited life funds that were established in 2008. On August 9, 2017, the Investment Funds completed the sale of substantially all of their remaining assets and final distributions are expected to be made to the investors in the Investment Funds during 2018. Accordingly, we will no longer receive management and servicing fees from the Investment Funds after such time. 

The historical returns on the assets that we select and manage for PMT, and our resulting management and incentive fees, may not be indicative of future results. 

The historical returns of the assets that we manage should not be considered indicative of the future returns on those assets or future returns on other assets that we may select for investment by PMT. The investment performance that is achieved for the assets that we manage varies over time and the variance can be significant. Accordingly, the management and incentive fees that we have earned in the past based on those returns should not be considered indicative of the management or incentive fees that we may earn in the future from managing those same assets or from managing other assets for PMT. A decline in the investment performance of our managed assets will also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain clients. 

Changes in regulations applicable to our investment management segment could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

The legislative and regulatory environment in which we operate has undergone significant changes in the recent past. We believe that significant regulatory changes in the investment management industry are likely to continue, which is likely to subject industry participants to additional, more costly and generally more detailed regulation. New laws or regulations, or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations, applicable to us and our clients may adversely affect our business. Our ability to function in this environment will depend on our ability to monitor and promptly react to legislative and regulatory changes. 

Certain provisions of the Dodd Frank Act will, and other provisions may, increase regulatory burdens and reporting and related compliance costs on our investment management segment. The scope of many provisions of the Dodd Frank Act is being determined by implementing regulations, some of which will require lengthy proposal and promulgation periods. The SEC requires investment advisers such as us who are registered with the SEC and advise one or more private funds to provide certain information about their funds and assets under management, including the amount of borrowings, concentration of ownership and other performance information. These filings have required, and will continue to require, significant investments in people, resources and systems to ensure timely and accurate 

31 

Table of Contents 

reporting. The Dodd Frank Act will affect a broad range of market participants with whom we interact or may interact, including banks, non bank financial institutions, rating agencies, mortgage brokers, credit unions, insurance companies and broker dealers, and may cause us or our Advised Entities to become subject to further regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Regulatory changes that will affect other market participants are likely to change the way in which we conduct business with our counterparties. The uncertainty regarding the continued implementation of the Dodd Frank Act and its impact on the investment management industry and us cannot be predicted at this time but will continue to be a risk for our business. 

We may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the SEC, other U.S. or non U.S. governmental regulatory authorities or self regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. We also may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these governmental authorities and self regulatory organizations, as well as by U.S. and non U.S. courts. It is impossible to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be imposed on us or the markets in which we trade, or whether any of the proposals will become law. Compliance with any new laws or regulations could add to our compliance burden and costs and adversely affect the manner in which we conduct business, as well as our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our failure to comply with the extensive amount of regulation applicable to our investment management segment could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our investment management segment is subject to extensive regulation in the United States, primarily at the federal level, including regulation of PCM by the SEC under the Advisers Act and regulation of PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund LLC and PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund, LP under the Investment Company Act. The requirements imposed by our regulators are designed primarily to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors in our Advised Entities and are not designed to protect our stockholders. Consequently, these regulations often serve to limit our activities. 

These requirements relate to, among other things, fiduciary duties to clients, maintaining an effective compliance program, solicitation agreements, conflicts of interest, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, disclosure requirements, limitations on agency cross and principal transactions between an adviser and advisory clients and general anti fraud prohibitions. Similar requirements apply to registered investment companies and to PCM s management of those companies under the Investment Company Act which, among other things, regulates the relationship between a registered investment company and its investment adviser and prohibits or severely restricts principal transactions and joint transactions. Registered investment advisers and registered investment companies are also subject to routine periodic examinations by the staff of the SEC. 

We also regularly rely on exemptions and exclusions from various requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Investment Company Act and ERISA. These exemptions are sometimes highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties and service providers who we do not control. If for any reason these exemptions were to be revoked or challenged or otherwise become unavailable to us, we could be subject to regulatory action or third party claims, and our business could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our business combines the production and servicing of loans and investment management, the combination of which presents particular compliance challenges. For example, regulations applicable to our investment management business that are easily applied to traditional investments, such as stocks and bonds, may be more difficult to apply to a portfolio of mortgage loans, and the regulations applicable to our investment management business can require procedures that are uncommon, impractical or difficult in our loan production and servicing businesses. 

The failure by us to comply with applicable laws or regulations could result in fines, suspensions of individual employees or other sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Even if an investigation or proceeding did not result in a fine or sanction or the fine or sanction imposed against us or our employees by a regulator were small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity 

32 

Table of Contents 

relating to an investigation, proceeding or imposition of these fines or sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing clients. 

We may encounter conflicts of interest in trying to appropriately allocate our time and services between activities for our own account and the accounts that we manage, or in trying to appropriately allocate investment opportunities among ourselves and the accounts that we manage. 

Pursuant to our management agreements with PMT and the Investment Funds, we are obligated to provide PMT and the Investment Funds with the services of our senior management team, and the members of that team are required to devote such time as is necessary and appropriate, commensurate with the level of activity of PMT and the Investment Funds. The members of our senior management team may have conflicts in allocating their time and services between our operations and the activities of PMT, the Investment Funds and other entities or accounts managed by us now or in the future. 

Certain of the funds that we currently advise have, and certain of the funds that we may in the future advise may have, overlapping investment objectives, including funds which have different fee structures, and potential conflicts may arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate investment opportunities among those funds. In addition, we and the other entities or accounts that we manage or will manage may participate in some of PMT s investments now or in the future, which may not be the result of arm s length negotiations and may involve or later result in potential conflicts between our interests in the investments and those of PMT or such other entities. Any such potential or actual conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

We are subject to third party litigation risk, which could result in significant liabilities and reputational harm to us. 

In general, we may be exposed to the risk of litigation by investors in our client funds if our management of or advice to any Advised Entity, including any advice relating to wind-down strategies, is alleged to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct. Investors could sue us to recover amounts lost by those entities due to our alleged misconduct, up to the entire amount of loss. Further, we may be subject to litigation arising from investor dissatisfaction with the performance of entities that we manage or from allegations that we improperly exercised control or influence over those entities. In addition, we are exposed to risks of litigation or investigation relating to transactions which presented conflicts of interest that were not properly addressed. In such actions we would be obligated to bear legal, settlement and other costs (which may be in excess of available insurance coverage). In addition, although we are generally indemnified by the entities that we manage, our rights to indemnification may be challenged. If we are required to incur all or a portion of the costs arising out of litigation or investigations as a result of inadequate insurance proceeds or failure to obtain indemnification from the entities that we manage, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Our Business in General 

We have experienced rapid growth, which may be difficult to sustain and which may place significant demands on our administrative, operational and financial resources. 

Our rapid growth has caused, and if it continues will continue to cause, significant demands on our legal, accounting and operational infrastructure, and increased expenses. In addition, we are required to continuously develop our systems and infrastructure in response to the increasing sophistication of the investment management and mortgage lending markets and legal, accounting and regulatory developments relating to all of our business activities. Our future growth will depend, among other things, on our ability to maintain an operating platform and management systems sufficient to address our growth and will require us to incur significant additional expenses and to commit additional senior management and operational resources. As a result, we face significant challenges in: 

maintaining adequate financial and business controls; 

implementing new or updated information and financial systems and procedures; and 

33 

Table of Contents 

training, managing and appropriately sizing our work force and other components of our business on a timely and cost effective basis. 

We may not be able to manage our expanding operations effectively and we may not be able to continue to grow, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and control our expenses. 

The loss of the services of our senior managers could adversely affect our business. 

The experience of our senior managers is a valuable asset to us. Our management team has significant experience in the mortgage loan production and servicing industry and the investment management industry. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies relating to our senior managers. The loss of the services of our senior managers for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our business could suffer if we fail to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce. 

Our future success will depend on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified personnel for all areas of our organization, in particular skilled managers, loan officers, underwriters, loan servicers and debt default specialists. Trained and experienced personnel are in high demand and may be in short supply in some areas. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced employees have greater resources than we have and may be able to offer more attractive terms of employment. In addition, we invest significant time and expense in training our employees, which increases their value to competitors who may seek to recruit them. We may not be able to attract, develop and maintain an adequate skilled workforce necessary to operate our businesses and labor expenses may increase as a result of a shortage in the supply of qualified personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain such personnel, we may not be able to take advantage of acquisitions and other growth opportunities that may be presented to us and this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

We depend on counterparties and vendors, some of whom operate in other countries, to provide services that are critical to our business, which subjects us to a variety of risks. 

We have a number of counterparties and vendors, some of whom have significant operations outside of the United States. These counterparties and vendors provide us with financial, technology and other services to support our businesses. If our current counterparties and vendors were to stop providing services to us on acceptable terms, we may be unable to procure alternative services from other counterparties or vendors in a timely and efficient manner and on similarly acceptable terms, or at all. If we or our vendors had to curtail or cease operations in these countries due to political unrest or natural disasters and then transfer some or all of these operations to another geographic area, we could experience disruptions in service and incur significant transition costs as well as higher future overhead costs. With respect to vendors engaged to perform certain servicing activities, we are required to assess their compliance with various regulations and establish procedures to provide reasonable assurance that the vendor s activities comply in all material respects with such regulations. In the event that a vendor s activities are not in compliance, it could negatively impact our relationships with our regulators, as well as our business and operations. Further, we may incur significant costs to resolve any such disruptions in service which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our failure to deal appropriately with various issues that may give rise to reputational risk, including conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, could cause harm to our business and adversely affect our earnings. 

Maintaining our reputation is critical to attracting and retaining clients, customers, trading counterparties, investors and employees. If we fail to deal with, or appear to fail to deal with various issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects and earnings. Such issues include, but are not limited to, conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, and any of the other risks discussed in this Item 1A. 

34 

Table of Contents 

Certain of our officers also serve as officers of PMT. As we expand the scope of our businesses, we increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to investment activities that we manage for our clients. In addition, investors may perceive conflicts of interest regarding investment decisions and wind-down strategies for funds in which certain of our officers have made and may continue to make personal investments. Similarly, conflicts of interest may exist regarding decisions about the allocation of specific investment opportunities between funds in which we receive an allocation of profits as the general partner and funds in which we do not. 

The SEC and certain regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts of interest, and as we experience growth in our businesses, we must continue to monitor and mitigate or otherwise address any conflicts between our interests and those of our clients. We have implemented procedures and controls to be followed when real or potential conflicts of interest arise, but it is possible that potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to the dissatisfaction of, or litigation by, our stockholders, investors in our Advised Entities or regulatory enforcement actions. Appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with one or more potential or actual conflicts of interest. Reputational risk incurred in connection with conflicts of interest could negatively affect our business, strain our working relationships with regulators and government agencies, expose us to litigation and regulatory action, impact our ability to attract and retain clients, customers, trading counterparties, investors and employees and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Reputational risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in our business and can result from a number of factors. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending and debt collection practices, corporate governance, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can also result from social media and media coverage, whether accurate or not. These factors can tarnish or otherwise strain our working relationships with regulators and government agencies, expose us to litigation and regulatory action, negatively affect our ability to attract and retain customers, trading counterparties and employees and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Initiating new business activities or significantly expanding existing business activities may expose us to new risks and will increase our cost of doing business. 

Initiating new business activities or significantly expanding existing business activities, such as our entry into broker direct lending, non-delegated correspondent production and multifamily lending, are ways to grow our businesses and respond to changing circumstances in our industry; however, they may expose us to new risks and regulatory compliance requirements. We cannot be certain that we will be able to manage these risks and compliance requirements effectively. Furthermore, our efforts may not succeed, and any revenues we earn from any new or expanded business initiative may not be sufficient to offset the initial and ongoing costs of that initiative, which would result in a loss with respect to that initiative. 

Our risk management efforts may not be effective. 

We could incur substantial losses and our business operations could be disrupted if we are unable to effectively identify, manage, monitor, and mitigate financial risks, such as credit risk, interest rate risk, prepayment risk, liquidity risk, and other market-related risks, as well as operational and legal risks related to our business, assets, and liabilities. We also are subject to various laws, regulations and rules that are not industry specific, including employment laws related to employee hiring and termination practices, health and safety laws, environmental laws and other federal, state and local laws, regulations and rules in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our risk management policies, procedures, and techniques may not be sufficient to identify all of the risks to which we are exposed, mitigate the risks we have identified, or identify additional risks to which we may become subject in the future. Expansion of our business activities may also result in our being exposed to risks to which we have not previously been exposed or may increase our exposure to certain types of risks, and we may not effectively identify, manage, monitor, and mitigate these risks as our business activities change or increase. 

35 

Table of Contents 

We could be harmed by misconduct or fraud that is difficult to detect. 

We are exposed to risks relating to misconduct by our employees, contractors we use, or other third parties with whom we have relationships. For example, our employees could execute unauthorized transactions, use our assets improperly or without authorization, perform improper activities, use confidential information for improper purposes, or misrecord or otherwise try to hide improper activities from us. This type of misconduct could also relate to assets we manage for others through our investment advisory subsidiary, and can be difficult to detect. If not prevented or detected, misconduct by employees, contractors, or others could result in losses, claims or enforcement actions against us, or could seriously harm our reputation. Our controls may not be effective in detecting this type of activity. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately determine our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, our stockholders could lose confidence in our financial results, which could harm our business and the market value of our common stock. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We may in the future discover areas of our internal controls that need improvement. Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in maintaining adequate control over our financial reporting and financial processes. Furthermore, as we rapidly grow our businesses, our internal controls will become more complex, and we will require significantly more resources to ensure our internal controls remain effective. Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires our auditors to formally attest to and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

If we cannot maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, or our independent registered public accounting firm cannot provide an unqualified attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investor confidence and, in turn, the market price of our common stock could decline. If we or our independent auditors discover a material weakness, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, could result in an event of default under one or more of our lending arrangements and/or reduce the market value of shares of our Class A common stock. Additionally, the existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency could require management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate any such material weakness or significant deficiency, and management may not be able to remediate any such material weakness or significant deficiency in a timely manner, or at all. Accordingly, our failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in misstatements of our financial results or restatements of our financial statements or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Accounting rules for certain of our transactions are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. Changes in accounting interpretations or assumptions could impact our financial statements. 

Accounting rules for mortgage loan sales and securitizations, valuations of financial instruments and MSRs, investment consolidations and other aspects of our operations are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. These complexities could lead to a delay in preparation of financial information and the delivery of this information to our stockholders and also increase the risk of errors and restatements, as well as the cost of compliance. Changes in accounting interpretations or assumptions could impact our financial statements and our ability to timely prepare our financial statements. Our inability to timely prepare our financial statements in the future would likely adversely affect our share price significantly. 

The success and growth of our business will depend upon our ability to adapt to and implement technological changes. 

Our mortgage loan production businesses are dependent upon our ability to effectively interface with our borrowers, mortgage lenders and other third parties and to efficiently process loan applications and closings. The consumer direct lending and correspondent production processes are becoming more dependent upon technological advancement, such as our continued ability to process applications over the Internet, accept electronic signatures, provide process status updates instantly and other borrower or counterparty expected conveniences. Maintaining and 

36 

Table of Contents 

improving this new technology and becoming proficient with it may also require significant capital expenditures. As these requirements increase in the future, we will have to fully develop these technological capabilities to remain competitive and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Cybersecurity risks, cyber incidents and technology failures may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. 

A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of theft of certain personally identifiable information of consumers, misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to our investor relationships. 

As our reliance on rapidly changing technology has increased, so have the risks posed to its information systems, both proprietary and those provided to us by third-party service providers. System disruptions and failures caused by fire, power loss, telecommunications outages, unauthorized intrusion, computer viruses and disabling devices, natural disasters and other similar events may interrupt or delay our ability to provide services to our customers. 

Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems our investment in significant physical and technological security measures, employee training, contractual precautions and business continuity plans, and our implementation of policies and procedures designed to help mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions, there can be no assurance that any such cyber intrusions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. We also may not be able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches, especially because the methods of attack change frequently or may not be recognized until after such attack has been launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including third parties such as persons involved with organized crime or associated with external service providers. We are also held accountable for the actions and inactions of our third-party vendors regarding cybersecurity and other consumer-related matters. 

Any of the foregoing events could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to us or to our customers, loss of confidence in our security measures, customer dissatisfaction, additional regulatory scrutiny, significant litigation exposure and harm to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations , any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may cause disruptions in our operations and in the financial markets, and could materially and adversely affect the real estate industry generally and our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may cause disruptions in the U.S. financial markets, including the real estate capital markets, and negatively impact the U.S. economy in general. Such attacks could also cause disruptions in our operations. Any future terrorist attacks, the anticipation of any such attacks, the consequences of any military or other response by the United States and its allies, and other armed conflicts could cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease or result in increased volatility in the United States and worldwide financial markets and economy. The economic impact of these events could also materially and adversely affect the credit quality of some of our loans and investments and the properties underlying our interests. 

We may suffer losses as a result of the adverse impact of any future attacks and these losses may adversely impact our performance and may cause the market value of our common stock to decline or be more volatile. A prolonged economic slowdown, recession or declining real estate values could impair the performance of our investments and harm our financial condition and results of operations, increase our funding costs, limit our access to the 

37 

Table of Contents 

capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. We cannot predict the severity of the effect that potential future armed conflicts and terrorist attacks would have on us. Losses resulting from these types of events may not be fully insurable. 

We are subject to certain risks associated with investing in real estate and real estate related assets, including risks of loss from adverse weather conditions and man-made or natural disasters, which may cause disruptions in our operations and could materially and adversely affect the real estate industry generally and our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Weather conditions and man-made or natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, droughts, fires and other environmental conditions can damage properties that we own or that collateralize loans we own or service. In addition, the properties where we conduct business could be adversely impacted. Future adverse weather conditions and man-made or natural disasters could also adversely impact the demand for, and value of, our assets, as well as the cost to service or manage such assets, directly impact the value of our assets through damage, destruction or loss, and thereafter materially impact the availability or cost of insurance to protect against these events. Although we believe our owned real estate and the properties collateralizing our loan assets or underlying our MSR assets are adequately covered by insurance, we cannot predict at this time if we or our borrowers will be able to obtain appropriate coverage at a reasonable cost in the future, or if we will be able to continue to pass along all of the costs of insurance. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of the insurers of property in which we hold an interest may not be able to fulfill their obligations with respect to claims payments due to a deterioration in its financial condition. 

Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 

Owners of PennyMac other than us will initially be able to significantly influence the outcome of votes of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock, and their interests may differ from those of our public stockholders. 

Pursuant to separate stockholder agreements with BlackRock and Highfields, each of BlackRock and Highfields has the right to nominate one or two individuals for election to our board of directors, depending on the percentage of the voting power of our outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock that it holds, and we are obligated to use our best efforts to cause the election of those nominees. In addition, these stockholder agreements require that we obtain the consent of BlackRock and Highfields with respect to amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, and the limited liability company agreement of PennyMac requires the consent of BlackRock and Highfields for us to conduct certain activities. As a result, each of BlackRock and Highfields may be able to significantly influence our management and affairs. In addition, as a result of the size of their individual equity holding they will initially be able to significantly influence the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder approval, including mergers and other material transactions, and may be able to cause or prevent a change in the composition of our board of directors or a change in control of our Company that could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their Class A common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

In addition, because they hold their ownership interest in our business through PennyMac, rather than through the public company, these owners may have conflicting interests with holders of shares of our Class A common stock. For example, other owners of PennyMac may have different tax positions from us which could influence their decisions regarding whether and when to dispose of assets, whether and when to incur new or refinance existing indebtedness, especially in light of the existence of the tax receivable agreement that we entered into in connection with the initial public offering of our Class A common stock, and whether and when we should terminate the tax receivable agreement and accelerate its obligations thereunder. Further, the structuring of future transactions may take into consideration these owners tax or other considerations even where no similar benefit would accrue to us. 

We will be required to pay the owners of PennyMac other than us for certain tax benefits that we may claim, and the amounts we may pay could be significant. 

We are a party to a tax receivable agreement with certain owners of PennyMac other than us that provides for the payment by us to those owners of 85 of the tax benefits, if any, that we are deemed to realize under certain circumstances as a result of (i) increases in tax basis resulting from exchanges of Class A units of PennyMac for shares 

38 

Table of Contents 

of our Class A common stock and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. 

We expect that the payments that we may make under the tax receivable agreement will be substantial. It is possible that future transactions or events could increase or decrease the actual tax benefits realized and the corresponding tax receivable agreement payments. There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if, as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise, the payments under the tax receivable agreement exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the tax receivable agreement or distributions to us by PennyMac are not sufficient to permit us to make payments under the tax receivable agreement after we have paid our taxes. Furthermore, our obligations to make payments under the tax receivable agreement could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that are deemed realized under the tax receivable agreement. The payments under the tax receivable agreement are not conditioned upon the continued ownership of us by owners of PennyMac. 

In certain cases, payments under the tax receivable agreement to owners of PennyMac other than us may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the tax receivable agreement. 

The tax receivable agreement provides that upon certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control, or if, at any time, we elect an early termination of the tax receivable agreement, our (or our successor s) obligations with respect to exchanged or acquired Class A units of PennyMac (whether exchanged or acquired before or after such transaction) would be based on certain assumptions, including that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the deductions arising from the increased tax deductions and tax basis and other benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement. As a result, we could be required to make payments under the tax receivable agreement that differ from the percentage specified in the tax receivable agreement of the actual benefits that we realize in respect of the tax attributes that are subject to the tax receivable agreement. Also, if we elect to terminate the tax receivable agreement early, we would be required to make an immediate payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future tax benefits, which upfront payment may be made years in advance of the actual realization of such future benefits (if any). In these situations, our obligations under the tax receivable agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity, as well as our attractiveness as a target for an acquisition. In addition, we may not be able to finance our obligations under the tax receivable agreement. 

Payments under the tax receivable agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine. Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, to challenge a tax basis increase, we will not be reimbursed for any payments previously made under the tax receivable agreement. As a result, in certain circumstances, payments could be made under the tax receivable agreement in excess of the tax benefits that we actually realize in respect of (i) increases in tax basis resulting from exchanges of Class A units of PennyMac for shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. 

Our only material asset is our interest in PennyMac and its subsidiaries, and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions from PennyMac and its subsidiaries to pay taxes, make payments under the tax receivable agreement or pay dividends. 

We are a holding company and have no material assets other than our ownership of Class A units of PennyMac. We have no independent means of generating revenue. We are required to pay tax on our allocable share of the taxable income of PennyMac and payments under the tax receivable agreement without regard to whether PennyMac distributes to us any cash or other property. To the extent that we need funds, and PennyMac is restricted from making such distributions under applicable laws or regulations or under the terms of financing arrangements, or is otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 

39 

Table of Contents 

We may not pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

We are entitled to receive a pro rata portion of the tax distributions made by PennyMac. The cash received from such distributions will first be used to satisfy any of our tax liabilities and then to make any payments under the tax receivable agreement with the owners of PennyMac other than us. The declaration, amount and payment of any dividends on shares of Class A common stock with respect to any remaining excess cash will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors may take into account general and economic conditions, our financial condition and operating results, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us, and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. We may also enter into credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements in the future that restrict or limit our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock. Accordingly, we may not pay any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Anti takeover provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that you might consider favorable. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult without the approval of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: 

authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval, and which may include super voting, special approval, dividend, or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of the holders of Class A common stock; 

prohibit stockholder action by written consent unless the matter as to which action is being taken has been approved by our board of directors, which requires all stockholder actions regarding matters not approved by our board of directors to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, or repeal our bylaws (provided that, if that action adversely affects BlackRock or Highfields when that entity, together with its affiliates, holds at least 5 of the voting power of our outstanding shares of capital stock, our stockholder agreements provide that such action must be approved by that entity); 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings; and 

prevent us from selling substantially all of our assets or completing a merger or other business combination that constitutes a change of control without the approval of a majority of those of our directors who are not also our officers. 

These anti takeover provisions and other provisions under Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company, including actions that our stockholders may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. 

Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions renouncing our interest and expectancy in certain corporate opportunities identified by or presented to BlackRock and Highfields. 

BlackRock, Highfields and their respective affiliates are in the business of providing capital to growing companies, and may acquire interests in businesses that directly or indirectly compete with certain portions of our business. Our certificate of incorporation provides that neither BlackRock nor Highfields nor their respective affiliates has any duty to refrain from (i) engaging, directly or indirectly, in a corporate opportunity in the same or similar lines of business in which we now engage or propose to engage, or (ii) doing business with any of our clients, customers or 

40 

Table of Contents 

vendors. In the event that either of BlackRock or Highfields or their respective affiliates acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for itself or its affiliates and for us or our affiliates other than in the capacity as one of our officers or directors, then neither BlackRock nor Highfields has any duty to communicate or offer such transaction or business opportunity to us and may take any such opportunity for themselves or offer it to another person or entity. Neither BlackRock nor Highfields nor any officer, director or employee thereof, shall be liable to us or to any of our stockholders (or any affiliates thereof) for breach of any fiduciary or other duty by engaging in any such activity and we waive and renounce any claim based on such activity. This provision applies even if the business opportunity is one that we might reasonably be deemed to have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue if granted the opportunity to do so. Our separate stockholder agreements with BlackRock and Highfields provide that any amendment or repeal of the provisions related to corporate opportunities described above requires the consent of each of BlackRock and Highfields as long as it, or any of its affiliates, holds any equity interest in us. These potential conflicts of interest could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations or prospects if attractive corporate opportunities are allocated by BlackRock or Highfields to themselves or their other affiliates instead of to us. 

Our bylaws include an exclusive forum provision that could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a judicial forum viewed by the stockholders as more favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 

Our bylaws provide that the state or federal court located within the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other associates, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock 

The market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for our stockholders. 

The market price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated significantly in the past and may be highly volatile in the future and could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume in our Class A common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. Because the trading volume of our Class A common stock is relatively low, even in times of fluctuation, certain investors may be unwilling or prohibited as a matter of policy from making investments. Further, if the market price of our Class A common stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at or above your purchase price, if at all. The market price of our Class A common stock may decline significantly in the future. Some of the factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our Class A common stock include: 

variations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

changes in our earnings estimates (if provided) or differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors and analysts; 

the contents of published research reports about us or our industry or the failure of securities analysts to cover our Class A common stock; 

additions or departures of key management personnel; 

any increased indebtedness we may incur in the future; 

41 

Table of Contents 

announcements by us or others and developments affecting us; 

actions by institutional stockholders; 

litigation and governmental investigations; 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

speculation or reports by the press or investment community with respect to us or our industry in general; 

increases in market interest rates that may lead purchasers of our shares to demand a higher yield; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions, strategic relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments; and 

general market, political and economic conditions, including any such conditions and local conditions in the markets in which our customers are located. 

These broad market and industry factors may decrease the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The stock market in general has from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, including in recent months. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 

The market price of our Class A common stock could be negatively affected by sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public markets. 

Sales of substantial numbers of shares of our Class A common stock, including shares issued upon the exchange of Class A Units of PennyMac, in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and could impair our future ability to raise capital through the sale of equity securities or equity related securities. 

As of December 31, 2017, we have a total of 23,529,970 shares of Class A common stock outstanding. The issuance and sale (or resale) of up to 46,003,552 additional shares of our Class A common stock have been registered under the Securities Act so those shares, upon issuance, will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act. 

A decline in the price of our Class A common stock might impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional Class A common stock or other equity securities. 

The future issuance of additional Class A common stock in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions or otherwise will dilute all other stockholdings. 

As of December 31, 2017, we have an aggregate of 18,837,717 shares of Class A common stock authorized and remaining available for future issuance under our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan or upon the exchange of Class A Units of PennyMac. We may issue all of these shares of Class A common stock without any action or approval by our stockholders, subject to certain exceptions. We also intend to continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities and may issue Class A common stock in connection with these acquisitions. Any Class A common stock issued in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions, the exercise of outstanding stock options or otherwise would dilute the percentage ownership held by investors who purchase Class A common stock. 

42 

Table of Contents 

Future offerings of debt or equity securities by us may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

In the future, we may attempt to obtain financing or to further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of our Class A common stock or offering debt or other equity securities, including commercial paper, medium term notes, senior or subordinated notes, debt securities convertible into equity or shares of preferred stock. In particular, we intend to seek opportunities to acquire MSR portfolios. Future acquisitions could require substantial additional capital in excess of cash from operations. We would expect to obtain the capital required for acquisitions through a combination of additional issuances of equity, corporate indebtedness, asset backed acquisition financing and/or cash from operations. 

Issuing additional shares of our Class A common stock or other equity securities or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our Class A common stock or both. Upon liquidation, holders of such debt securities and preferred shares, if issued, and lenders with respect to other borrowings would receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our Class A common stock. Debt securities convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred shares, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our Class A common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. In addition, the limited liability company agreement of PennyMac provides that new classes of units or other equity interests of PennyMac may be issued to third parties other than us only with the approval of BlackRock and Highfields as long as they, or any of their affiliates, hold any Class A units of PennyMac. Any such issuance will dilute the ownership of holders of our Class A common stock in substantially all of our operating assets. Thus, holders of our Class A common stock bear the risk that our future offerings, including any future offerings by PennyMac, may reduce the market price of our Class A common stock and dilute their stockholdings in us. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our corporate offices are housed in a 60,000 square foot leased facility located at 3043 Townsgate Road, Westlake Village, California 91361. Our primary loan servicing operation is housed in a 142,000 square foot leased facility located in Moorpark, CA. Much of our California-based mortgage fulfillment division is housed in a leased 60,000 square foot facility in close proximity to our corporate offices. Our information technology division is housed in a 50,000 square foot facility in Agoura Hills, CA. 

We lease several additional locations throughout the country generally housing loan production and servicing activities. Our consumer direct lending business occupies a 36,000 square foot facility in Pasadena, CA. Loan servicing and its call center operations occupy a 116,000 square foot facility in Fort Worth, TX, and a 75,000 square foot facility in Plano, TX. We have six loan production branches located in Sacramento, CA, Honolulu, HI, Eagan, MN, St. Louis, MO, Kansas City, MO, and Henderson, NV. PennyMac s commercial real estate finance business is housed in Irvine, CA, and we lease a 20,000 square foot facility in Tampa, FL devoted to our correspondent production activities. 

The financial commitments of our leases are immaterial to the scope of our operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may be involved in various legal actions, claims and proceedings, arising in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2017, we were not involved in any material legal actions, claims or proceedings. 

43 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

44 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our shares of Class A common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol: PFSI). As of March 1, 2018, our shares of Class A common stock were held by 3,005 holders of record. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices (as reported by the New York Stock Exchange) for our shares of Class A common stock: 

For the year ended December 31, 2017 

Stock price 

Cash dividends 

Period ended 

High 

Low 

declared 

March 31, 2017 

19.30 

15.75 

June 30, 2017 

17.60 

15.65 

September 30, 2017 

18.05 

16.00 

December 31, 2017 

22.45 

17.70 

For the year ended December 31, 2016 

Stock price 

Cash dividends 

Period ended 

High 

Low 

declared 

March 31, 2016 

15.38 

10.48 

June 30, 2016 

14.43 

10.96 

September 30, 2016 

18.13 

11.47 

December 31, 2016 

19.35

15.73

We have not established a minimum dividend payment level and our ability to pay dividends may be adversely affected for the reasons described in Item 1A of this Report in the section entitled Risk Factors . All distributions are made at the discretion of our board of directors and depend on our earnings, our financial condition and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

There were no sales of unregistered equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2017. 

Repurchase of our Common Stock 

The following table summarized the stock repurchase activity for the year ended December 31, 2017: 

Total number of shares purchased 

Average price paid per share 

Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or program (1) 

Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or program (1) 

July 1, 2017 July 31, 2017 

50,000,000 

August 1, 2017 August 31, 2017 

270,905 

17.06 

270,905 

45,379,288 

September 1, 2017 September 30, 2017 

233,911 

17.01 

233,911 

41,401,192 

October 1, 2017 December 31, 2017 

41,401,192 

Total 

504,816 

17.03 

504,816 

41,401,192 

(1) 

As disclosed in our current report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2017, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to 50.0 million of our outstanding Class A common stock. The 

45 

Table of Contents 

stock repurchase program does not require us to purchase a specific number of shares, and the timing and amount of any shares repurchased are based on market conditions and other factors, including price, regulatory requirements and capital availability. Stock repurchases may be effected through negotiated transactions or open market purchases, including pursuant to a trading plan implemented pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date but may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

We have adopted an equity incentive plan, the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, which provides for the grant of incentive stock option and nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and stock unit awards, performance units, stock grants and qualified performance based awards, which we collectively refer to as awards. Directors, officers and other employees of our Company and our subsidiaries, as well as others performing consulting or advisory services for us, are eligible for grants under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. The plan administrator of the equity incentive plan is the compensation committee of the board of directors. The board of directors itself may also exercise any of the powers and responsibilities under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. Subject to the terms of the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, the plan administrator will select the recipients of awards and determine, among other things, the: 

number of shares of common stock covered by the awards and the dates upon which such awards become exercisable or any restrictions lapse, as applicable; 

type of award and the exercise or purchase price and method of payment for each such award; 

performance measures, if applicable, required to be satisfied prior to vesting; 

vesting period for awards, risks of forfeiture and any potential acceleration of vesting or lapses in risks of forfeiture; and 

duration of awards. 

The following table provides information as of December 31, 2017 concerning our shares of Class A common stock authorized for issuance under our equity incentive plan. 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Number of securities 

remaining available for 

future issuance under 

Number of securities to 

Weighted average 

equity compensation 

be issued upon exercise of 

exercise price of 

plans (excluding 

outstanding options, 

outstanding options, 

securities reflected in 

Plan category 

warrants and rights 

warrants and rights (1) 

column (a)) (2) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (3) 

6,445,503 

16.40 

18,837,717 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (4) 

Total 

6,445,503 

16.40 

18,837,717 

(1) 

The weighted average exercise price set forth in this column relates only to 3,457,014 stock options outstanding under our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. The remaining securities included in column (a) of this table are performance based restricted stock units and time based restricted stock units, for which no exercise price applies. 

(2) 

This number includes a specific pool of 17,118,283 shares of common stock authorized for issuance upon the future exchange of outstanding Class A units of PennyMac that were originally issued pursuant to compensatory arrangements. It also includes a general pool of 1,719,434 shares of common stock authorized for future awards (excluding securities reflected in column (a)). This general pool initially consisted of 3,906,433 shares of common 

46 

Table of Contents 

stock authorized under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan for future awards, and has been, and will continue to be, increased pursuant to the terms of the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan on January 1st of each calendar year by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 1.75 of our outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year, (ii) 1,322,024 shares, and (iii) any lower amount determined by our board of directors. The annual increase to this general pool on January 1, 2017 pursuant to the foregoing formula was 1,322,024. 

(3) 

Represents our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. 

(4) 

We do not have any equity plans that have not been approved by our stockholders 

47 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

The following financial data should be read in conjunction with Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The table below presents, as of and for the dates indicated, selected historical financial information for us. The condensed consolidated statements of income data for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 and the condensed consolidated balance sheets data at December 31, 2017, and 2016 have been derived from our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. The condensed consolidated statements of income data for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 and the condensed consolidated balance sheets data at December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 have been derived from our Company s audited consolidated financial statements that are not included in this Report. 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

2014 

2013 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income: 

Revenues 

Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale 

391,804 

531,780 

320,715 

167,024 

138,013 

Loan origination fees 

119,202 

125,534 

91,520 

41,576 

23,575 

Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

80,359 

86,465 

58,607 

48,719 

79,712 

Net mortgage loan servicing fees 

306,059 

185,466 

229,543 

216,919 

90,010 

Management fees and Carried Interest 

22,545 

23,726 

30,865 

48,664 

53,749 

Net interest expense 

(1,341) 

(25,079) 

(19,382) 

(9,486) 

(1,041) 

Other 

36,835 

3,995 

1,242 

4,861 

2,541 

Total net revenue 

955,463 

931,887 

713,110 

518,277 

386,559 

Expenses 

Compensation 

358,721 

342,153 

274,262 

190,707 

148,576 

Servicing 

117,696 

85,857 

68,085 

48,430 

7,028 

Other 

143,137 

120,794 

91,570 

56,107 

48,829 

Total expenses 

619,554 

548,804 

433,917 

295,244 

204,433 

Income before provision for income taxes 

335,909 

383,083 

279,193 

223,033 

182,126 

Provision for income taxes 

24,387 

46,103 

31,635 

26,722 

9,961 

Net income 

311,522 

336,980 

247,558 

196,311 

172,165 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

210,765 

270,901 

200,330 

159,469 

157,765 

Net income attributable to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. common stockholders 

100,757 

66,079 

47,228 

36,842 

14,400 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at Year End: 

Assets 

Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

3,099,103 

2,172,815 

1,101,204 

1,147,884 

531,004 

Mortgage servicing rights 

2,119,588 

1,627,672 

1,411,935 

730,828 

483,664 

Carried Interest due from Investment Funds 

8,552 

70,906 

69,926 

67,298 

61,142 

Servicing advances 

318,066 

348,306 

299,354 

228,630 

154,328 

Other 

1,822,784 

914,203 

622,875 

332,046 

354,337 

Total assets 

7,368,093 

5,133,902 

3,505,294 

2,506,686 

1,584,475 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Assets sold under agreements to repurchase 

2,381,538 

1,735,114 

1,166,731 

822,252 

471,592 

Mortgage loan participation and sale agreements 

527,395 

671,426 

234,872 

143,568 

Notes payable 

891,505 

150,942 

61,136 

146,855 

52,154 

Excess servicing spread financing at fair value payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

236,534 

288,669 

412,425 

191,166 

138,723 

Other 

1,611,447 

888,395 

567,780 

395,579 

292,802 

Total liabilities 

5,648,419 

3,734,546 

2,442,944 

1,699,420 

955,271 

Stockholders' equity 

1,719,674 

1,399,356 

1,062,350 

807,266 

629,204 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

7,368,093 

5,133,902 

3,505,294 

2,506,686 

1,584,475 

Earnings Per Share: 

Basic 

4.34 

2.98 

2.17 

1.73 

0.83 

Diluted 

4.03 

2.94 

2.17 

1.73 

0.82 

Year end Per Share: 

Book value 

19.95 

15.49 

12.32 

9.92 

8.04 

Share price 

22.35 

16.65 

15.36 

17.30 

17.55 

48 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Preparation of financial statements in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Certain of these estimates significantly influence the portrayal of our financial condition and results, and they require us to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments. Our critical accounting policies primarily relate to our fair value estimates. 

Fair Value 

We group assets measured at or based on fair value in three levels based on the markets in which the assets are traded and the observability of the inputs used to determine fair value. These levels are: 

December 31, 2017 

Percentage of 

Level/Description 

Carrying value of assets measured 

Total assets 

Total stockholders' equity 

(in thousands) 

Level 1: 

Prices determined using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

175,793 

2 

10 

Level 2: 

Prices determined using other significant observable inputs. Observable inputs are inputs that other market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability and are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of us. These may include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, interest rates, prepayment speeds, credit risk and others. 

2,326,762 

32 

135 

Level 3: 

Prices determined using significant unobservable inputs. In situations where observable inputs are unavailable (for example, when there is little or no market activity for an asset or liability at the end of the year), unobservable inputs may be used. Unobservable inputs reflect our assumptions about the factors that market participants use in pricing an asset or liability, and are based on the best information available in the circumstances. 

2,974,914 

40 

173 

Total assets measured at or based on fair value (1) 

5,477,469 

74 

318 

Total assets 

7,368,093 

Total stockholders' equity 

1,719,674 

(1) 

Includes assets measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis based on the accounting principles applicable to the specific asset or liability and whether we have elected to carry the asset or liability at its fair value. 

As shown above, our consolidated balance sheet is substantially comprised of assets and liabilities that are measured at or based on their fair values. At December 31, 2017, 4.0 billion or 54 of our total assets were carried at fair value and 1.5 billion or 20 of our total assets were carried based on their fair values (comprised of certain of our MSRs and real estate acquired in settlement of loans REO properties, which are carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value). Of these assets carried at or based on fair value, 3.0 billion or 40 are measured using Level 3 fair value inputs significant inputs that are difficult to observe due to the difficulty in observing the inputs used by market participants in establishing fair value. Changes in inputs to measurement of these assets can have a significant effect on the amounts reported for these items including their reported balances and their effects on our income. 

49 

Table of Contents 

As a result of the difficulty in observing certain significant valuation inputs affecting our Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities, we are required to make judgments regarding these items fair values. Different persons in possession of the same facts may reasonably arrive at different conclusions as to the inputs to be applied in valuing these assets and liabilities and their fair values. Likewise, due to the general illiquidity of some of these assets, subsequent transactions may be at values significantly different from those reported. 

Because the fair value of Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities are difficult to estimate, our process includes performance of these items fair value estimation by specialized staff and significant senior management oversight. We have assigned the responsibility for estimating the fair values of non- interest rate lock commitment IRLC Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities to our Financial Analysis and Valuation group (the FAV group ), which is responsible for valuing and monitoring these items and maintenance of our valuation policies and procedures for non-IRLC assets and liabilities. The FAV group submits the results of its valuations to our senior management valuation committee, which oversees and approves the valuations. During 2017, our senior management valuation committee included the Company s executive chairman, chief executive, chief financial, chief risk, chief enterprise operations and deputy chief financial officers. 

The fair value of our IRLCs is developed by our Capital Markets Risk Management staff and is reviewed by our Capital Markets Operations group. 

Following is a discussion of our approach to measuring the balance sheet items that are most affected by Level 3 fair value estimates. 

Mortgage Loans 

We carry mortgage loans at their fair values. We recognize changes in the fair value of mortgage loans in current period income as a component of Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value . We estimate the fair value of mortgage loans based on whether the mortgage loans are saleable into active markets with observable fair value inputs. 

We categorize mortgage loans that are saleable into active markets as Level 2 fair value assets. We estimate the fair value of such mortgage loans using their quoted market price or market price equivalent. At December 31, 2017, we held 2.3 billion of such mortgage loans. 

We categorize mortgage loans that are not saleable into active markets as Level 3 fair value assets. Level 3 fair value mortgage loans arise primarily from two sources: 

- 

We may purchase certain delinquent government guaranteed or insured mortgage loans from Ginnie Mae guaranteed pools in our mortgage loan servicing portfolio. Our right to purchase such mortgage loans arises as the result of the borrower s failure to make payments for three consecutive months preceding the month that we repurchase the mortgage loan and provides an alternative to our obligation to continue advancing principal and interest at the coupon rate of the related Ginnie Mae security. To the extent such mortgage loans early buyout loans or EBO have not become saleable into another Ginnie Mae guaranteed security by becoming current either through the borrower s reperformance or through completion of a modification of the mortgage loan s terms, we measure such mortgage loans using Level 3 fair value inputs. 

- 

Certain of our mortgage loans may become non-saleable into active markets due to our identification of one or more defects. Because such mortgage loans are generally not saleable into active mortgage markets, we classify them as Level 3 fair value assets. 

At December 31, 2017, we held 782.2 million of Level 3 fair value mortgage loans. 

The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of our Level 3 fair value mortgage loans held for sale are discount rates, home price projections, voluntary prepayment speeds and default speeds. 

50 

Table of Contents 

Significant changes in any of those inputs in isolation could result in a significant change to the mortgage loans fair value measurement. 

Interest Rate Lock Commitments 

Our net gains on mortgage loans held for sale includes our estimates of the gains or losses we expect to realize upon the sale of mortgage loans we have contractually committed to fund or purchase but have not yet funded, purchased or sold. We recognize a substantial portion of our net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value before we fund or purchase the mortgage loan as the result of these commitments. We call these commitments IRLCs. We recognize the fair value of IRLCs at the time we make the commitment to the correspondent seller or mortgage loan applicant and adjust the fair value of such IRLCs as the mortgage loan approaches the point of funding or purchase or the prospective transaction is canceled. 

We carry IRLCs as either derivative assets or derivative liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of an IRLC is transferred to mortgage loans held for sale at fair value when the mortgage loan is funded or purchased. 

An active, observable market for IRLCs does not exist. Therefore, we measure the fair value of IRLCs using methods we believe that market participants use in pricing IRLCs. We estimate the fair value of an IRLC based on observable Agency MBS prices, our estimates of the fair value of the MSRs we expect to receive in the sale of the mortgage loans and the probability that we will fund or purchase the mortgage loan (the pull-through rate ). 

Pull-through rates and MSR fair values are based on our estimates as these inputs are difficult to observe in the mortgage marketplace. Our estimate of the probability that a mortgage loan will be funded and market interest rates are updated as the mortgage loans move through the funding or purchase process and as mortgage market interest rates change and may result in significant changes in our estimates of the fair value of the IRLCs. Such changes are reflected in the change in fair value of IRLCs which is a component of our Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value in the period of the change. The financial effects of changes in these inputs are generally inversely correlated. Increasing mortgage interest rates have a positive effect on the fair value of the MSR component of IRLC fair value but increase the pull-through rate for the mortgage loan principal and interest payment cash flow component, which has decreased in fair value. 

A shift in our assessment of an input to the valuation of IRLCs can have a significant effect on the amount of Net gains on sale of mortgage loans held for sale for the period. We believe that the most significant Level 3 fair value input to the measurement of IRLCs is the pull-through rate. At December 31, 2017, we held 58.3 million of net IRLC assets at fair value. Following is a quantitative summary of the effect of changes in the pull-through rate input on the fair value of IRLCs: 

Shift in input (1) 

Effect on fair value of IRLC of a change in pull-through rate 

(in thousands) 

5 

3,517 

10 

6,861 

20 

12,359 

(5) 

(3,885) 

(10) 

(7,768) 

(20) 

(15,533) 

(1) 

The upward shift in input amount on a per-loan basis is limited to the amount of shift required to reach a 100 pull-through rate. 

The preceding analysis holds constant all of the other inputs to show an estimate of the effect on fair value of a change in the pull-through rate. We expect that in a market shock event, multiple inputs would be affected and the 

51 

Table of Contents 

effects of these changes may compound or counteract each other. Therefore the preceding analysis is not a projection of the effects of a shock event or a change in our estimate of an input and should not be relied upon as an earnings projection. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights and Mortgage Servicing Liabilities MSLs 

MSRs and MSLs represent the value assigned to a contract that obligates us to service the mortgage loans on behalf of the owner of the mortgage loan in exchange for servicing fees and the right to collect certain ancillary income from the borrower. We initially recognize MSRs at our estimate of the fair value of the contract to service the loans. At December 31, 2017, we held 2.1 billion of carrying value of MSRs net of MSLs. 

As economic fundamentals influencing the underlying mortgage loans change, our estimate of the fair value of the related MSR or MSL we hold will also change. As a result, we will record changes in fair value for the MSRs and MSLs we carry at fair value, and we may recognize changes in the fair value of our MSRs carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value depending on the existing relationship of the MSR s fair value to its carrying value at the measurement date. These fair value changes will be recognized as a component of Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities. 

After the initial recognition of MSRs and MSLs, we account for MSRs based on the class of MSRs: originated MSRs backed by mortgage loans with initial interest rates of less than or equal to 4.5 ; originated MSRs backed by mortgage loans with initial interest rates of more than 4.5 ; and purchased MSRs. We account for originated MSRs backed by mortgage loans with initial interest rates of less than or equal to 4.5 using the amortization method. Originated MSRs backed by loans with initial interest rates of more than 4.5 and purchased MSRs are accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in current period income. MSLs are accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in current period income. 

MSRs Accounted for Using the Amortization Method 

We amortize MSRs accounted for using the amortization method. MSR amortization is determined by applying the ratio of the net MSR cash flows projected for the current period to the estimated total remaining net MSR cash flows. The estimated total net MSR cash flows are determined at the beginning of each month using prepayment inputs applicable at that time. 

We also evaluate MSRs accounted for using the amortization method for impairment with reference to the assets fair values at the measurement date. Impairment occurs when the current fair value of the MSR falls below the asset s amortized cost. If MSRs are impaired, the impairment is recognized in current period income and the carrying value of the MSRs is adjusted through a valuation allowance. If the fair value of impaired MSRs subsequently increases, we recognize the increase in fair value in current period income and, through a reduction in the valuation allowance, adjust the carrying value of the MSRs to a level not in excess of amortized cost. 

When evaluating MSRs for impairment, we stratify the assets by predominant fair value risk characteristic including mortgage loan type (fixed-rate or adjustable-rate) and note interest rate. We stratify fixed-rate mortgage loans into note interest rate pools of 50 basis points for note interest rates between 3.0 and 4.5 and a single pool for note interest rates of less than or equal to 3.0 . We evaluate adjustable-rate mortgage loans with initial interest rates of 4.5 or less in a single pool. Amortization and impairment of MSRs accounted for using the amortization method are included in current period income as a component of Net mortgage loan servicing fees. During the year ended December 31, 2017, we recognized 6.9 million in impairment of MSRs accounted for using the amortization method. 

We periodically review the various impairment strata to determine whether the fair value of the impaired MSRs in a given stratum is likely to recover. When we conclude that recovery of the fair value is unlikely in the foreseeable future, a write-down of the cost of the MSRs for that stratum to its estimated recoverable value is charged to the valuation allowance. We did not recognize such write-down of MSRs during the year ended December 31, 2017. 

52 

Table of Contents 

MSRs and MSLs Accounted for at Fair Value 

We include changes in fair value of MSRs and MSLs accounted for at fair value in current period income as a component of Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities. During the year ended December 31, 2017, we recognized a 67.9 million net reduction in fair value of MSRs and MSLs accounted for at fair value, of which 11.3 million was due to changes in inputs used to estimate fair value and 56.6 million was due to realization of cash flows underlying the fair value of MSR and MSL. 

A shift in the market for MSRs and MSLs or a change in our assessment of an input to the valuation of MSRs and MSLs can have a significant effect on their fair value and in our income for the period. We believe the most significant Level 3 fair value inputs to the valuation of MSRs and MSLs are the pricing spread (used to develop periodic discount rates), prepayment speed and annual per-loan cost of servicing. 

Following is a summary of the effect on fair value of MSRs (which totaled 2.1 billion at December 31, 2017) of various changes to these key inputs: 

Effect on fair value of MSRs of a change in input value 

Shift in input 

Pricing spread 

Prepayment speed 

Servicing cost 

(in thousands) 

5 

(38,460) 

(34,353) 

(17,463) 

10 

(75,531) 

(67,523) 

(34,925) 

20 

(145,785) 

(130,552) 

(69,850) 

(5) 

39,922 

35,602 

17,463 

(10) 

81,388 

72,522 

34,925 

(20) 

169,292 

150,627 

69,850 

The preceding analyses hold constant all of the inputs other than the input that is being changed to show an estimate of the effect on fair value of a change in a specific input. We expect that in a market shock event, multiple inputs would be affected and the effects of these changes may compound or counteract each other. Furthermore, certain of our MSRs are accounted for using the amortization method and are carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. Such assets carrying value may not be immediately affected as a result of a change in input values depending on the carrying value of the MSR asset before the change in input occurs and whether the input change causes our estimate of fair value to change to a level below the amortized cost of those MSRs. Therefore the preceding analyses are not projections of the effects of a shock event or a change in our estimate of an input and should not be relied upon as earnings projections. 

Excess Servicing Spread 

We finance a portion of the cost of Agency MSRs that we purchase from non-affiliate sellers through the sale to PMT of the servicing spread in excess of a specified level. We carry our ESS at fair value. 

Because the ESS is a claim to a portion of the cash flows from MSRs, the valuation of the ESS is similar to that of MSRs. We use the same discounted cash flow approach to measure the ESS and the related MSRs except that certain inputs relating to the cost to service the mortgage loans underlying the MSRs and certain ancillary income are not included in the ESS valuation as these cash flows do not accrue to the holder of the ESS. 

A shift in the market for, or a change in our assessment of an input to the valuation of, ESS can have a significant effect on the fair value of ESS and in our income for the period. However, we believe that this change will be offset to a great extent by a change in the fair value of the MSRs that the ESS is financing. We record changes in the fair value of ESS in Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities . During the year ended December 31, 2017, we recorded 19.4 million of net reduction in fair value of ESS. 

53 

Table of Contents 

We believe that the most significant Level 3 fair value inputs to the valuation of ESS are the pricing spread (used to develop periodic discount rates) and prepayment speed. At December 31, 2017, we carried 236.5 million of ESS at fair value. Following is a summary of the effect on fair value of various changes to these inputs: 

Effect on excess servicing spread of a change in input value 

Shift in input 

Pricing spread 

Prepayment speed 

(in thousands) 

5 

(1,997) 

(5,359) 

10 

(3,962) 

(10,500) 

20 

(7,798) 

(20,177) 

(5) 

2,031 

5,590 

(10) 

4,096 

11,427 

(20) 

8,330 

23,901 

The preceding analyses hold constant all of the inputs other than the input that is being changed to show an estimate of the effect on fair value of a change in that specific input. We expect that in a market shock event, multiple inputs would be affected and the effects of these changes may compound or counteract each other. Therefore the preceding analyses are not projections of the effects of a shock event or a change in our estimate of an input and should not be relied upon as earnings projections. 

Critical Accounting Policy Not Based on Fair Value - Liability for Losses Under Representations and Warranties 

We record a provision for losses relating to our representations and warranties as part of our mortgage loan sale transactions. The method we use to estimate the liability for representations and warranties is a function of the representations and warranties given and considers a combination of factors, including, but not limited to, estimated future default and mortgage loan repurchase rates, the potential severity of loss in the event of default and, if applicable, the probability of reimbursement by the correspondent mortgage loan seller. We establish a liability at the time loans are sold and periodically update our liability estimate. We recorded 5.9 million in provision for losses relating to current year mortgage loan sales during the year in Net gain on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value during the year ended December 31, 2017. At December 31, 2017, the balance of our liability for losses under representations and warranties totaled 20.1 million. 

The level of the liability for losses under representations and warranties is difficult to estimate and requires considerable judgment. The level of mortgage loan repurchase losses is dependent on economic factors, purchaser or insurer loss mitigation strategies, and other external conditions that may change over the lives of the underlying mortgage loans. Our estimate of the liability for representations and warranties is developed by our credit administration staff. The liability estimate is reviewed and approved by our senior management credit committee which includes the senior executives of the Company and of the loan production, loan servicing and credit risk management areas. 

As economic fundamentals change, as purchaser and insurer evaluations of their loss mitigation strategies (including claims under representations and warranties) change and as the mortgage market and general economic conditions affect our correspondent sellers, the level of repurchase activity and ensuing losses will change. As a result of these changes, we may be required to adjust the estimate of our liability for representations and warranties. Such an adjustment may be material to our financial condition and income. During the year ended December 31, 2017, we recorded reductions to our previously recorded representations and warranties liability amounts totaling 4.3 million in Net gain on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value . 

Accounting Developments 

Refer to Note 28 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting developments and the expected effect on the Company. 

54 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 

Our results of operations are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

391,804 

531,780 

320,715 

Mortgage loan origination fees 

119,202 

125,534 

91,520 

Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

80,359 

86,465 

58,607 

Net mortgage loan servicing fees 

306,059 

185,466 

229,543 

Management fees Carried Interest 

22,545 

23,726 

30,865 

Net interest expense 

(1,341) 

(25,079) 

(19,382) 

Other 

36,835 

3,995 

1,242 

Total net revenue 

955,463 

931,887 

713,110 

Expenses 

619,554 

548,804 

433,917 

Provision for income taxes 

24,387 

46,103 

31,635 

Net income 

311,522 

336,980 

247,558 

Income before provision for income taxes by segment: 

Mortgage banking: 

Production 

238,508 

416,096 

271,869 

Servicing 

58,672 

(36,099) 

1,297 

Total mortgage banking 

297,180 

379,997 

273,166 

Investment management 

5,789 

2,486 

7,722 

Non-segment activities (1) 

32,940 

600 

(1,695) 

335,909 

383,083 

279,193 

During the year: 

Interest rate lock commitments issued: 

Conventional mortgage loans 

3,265,411 

3,146,908 

7,001,938 

Government-insured or guaranteed mortgage loans 

46,341,356 

49,501,109 

32,430,379 

49,606,767 

52,648,017 

39,432,317 

Unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans fulfilled for PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

22,971,119 

23,188,386 

14,014,603 

At year end: 

Unpaid principal balance of mortgage loan servicing portfolio: 

Owned: 

Mortgage servicing rights 

166,249,237 

129,177,106 

110,602,704 

Mortgage servicing liabilities 

1,620,609 

2,074,896 

806,897 

Mortgage loans held for sale 

2,998,377 

2,101,283 

1,052,485 

170,868,223 

133,353,285 

112,462,086 

Subserviced for Advised Entities 

74,980,268 

60,886,717 

47,810,632 

245,848,491 

194,240,002 

160,272,718 

Net assets of Advised Entities: 

PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

1,544,585 

1,351,114 

1,496,113 

Investment Funds 

29,329 

197,550 

231,745 

1,573,914 

1,548,664 

1,727,858 

(1) 

Primarily represents repricing of Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement, of which, for 2017, 32.0 million was the result of the change in the federal tax rate under the Tax Act. 

Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 

During the year ended December 31, 2017, we recorded net income of 311.5 million, a decrease of 25.5 million or 8 from 2016. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value due to decreases in our loan production volume and production profit margins. The decrease in production volume and production profit margins during the year ended December 31, 2017, reflects generally rising interest rates in the mortgage market, which have a negative influence on demand for mortgage lending and causes increased competition for mortgage loans among market participants. The decrease in Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value was partially offset by an increase in Net mortgage loan servicing fees which reflects both growth in our 

55 

Table of Contents 

servicing portfolio and improved fair value adjustments resulting from the more stable interest rates and decreased risk premium for government servicing assets. 

During the year ended December 31, 2016, we recorded net income of 337.0 million, an increase of 89.4, or 36 , from 2015. The increase in net income in 2016 reflects an increase of 211.1 million, or 66 , in Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value from 2015 resulting from a 44 increase in our loan production. This growth was supplemented by an increase of 34.0 million, or 37 , in Mortgage loan origination fees . These revenue increases were partially offset by a decrease of 44.1 million in Net mortgage loan servicing fees , primarily reflecting an increase in amortization, impairment and change in fair value of MSRs due to low mortgage rates through most of the year leading to higher actual and expected future prepayment activity, and an increased risk premium for government servicing assets. 

Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

Most of our mortgage loan production consists of government-insured or guaranteed mortgage loans that we source primarily through PMT. PMT is not approved by Ginnie Mae as an issuer of Ginnie Mae-guaranteed securities which are backed by government-insured or guaranteed mortgage loans. We purchase such mortgage loans that PMT acquires through its correspondent production activities and pay PMT a sourcing fee ranging from two to three and one-half basis points on the UPB of such mortgage loans. 

During the year ended December 31, 2017, we recognized net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value totaling 391.8 million, compared to 531.8 million and 320.7 million during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to a decrease in our mortgage loan production volume and profit margin. The increase in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to an increase in our mortgage loan production volume. 

Our net gains on mortgage loans held for sale include both cash and non-cash elements. We receive proceeds on sale that include both cash and MSRs. The net gain for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 included 563.9 million, 562.5 million, and 452.4 million, respectively, in fair value of MSRs received as part of proceeds on sales, net of mortgage servicing liabilities incurred. We also recognize a liability for our estimate of the losses we expect to incur in the future as a result of claims against us in connection with the representations and warranties that we made in the loan sales transactions. The net gain for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, included net provisions for (reversals of) losses relating to representations and warranties of 1.6 million, 582,000), and 7.5 million, respectively. 

56 

Table of Contents 

Our net gains on mortgage loans held for sale are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

From non - affiliates: 

Cash loss: 

Mortgage loans 

(174,669) 

(62,283) 

(82,709) 

Hedging activities 

(16,866) 

10,275 

(47,150) 

(191,535) 

(52,008) 

(129,859) 

Non-cash gain: 

Mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from mortgage loan sales 

563,872 

562,540 

452,411 

Provision for losses relating to representations and warranties: 

Pursuant to mortgage loan sales 

(5,890) 

(7,090) 

(7,512) 

Reduction in liability due to change in estimate 

4,301 

7,672 

Change in fair value of mortgage loans and derivative financial instruments outstanding at year end: 

Interest rate lock commitments 

(1,120) 

15,618 

11,372 

Mortgage loans 

4,576 

2,796 

3,949 

Hedging derivatives 

(4,389) 

10,344 

(1,810) 

369,815 

539,872 

328,551 

From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

21,989 

(8,092) 

(7,836) 

391,804 

531,780 

320,715 

During the year: 

Unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans sold 

48,148,109 

47,410,115 

35,111,710 

Interest rate lock commitments issued: 

Conventional mortgage loans 

3,265,411 

3,146,908 

7,001,938 

Government-insured or guaranteed mortgage loans 

46,341,356 

49,501,109 

32,430,379 

49,606,767 

52,648,017 

39,432,317 

At year end: 

Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

3,099,103 

2,172,815 

1,101,204 

Commitments to fund and purchase mortgage loans 

3,654,955 

4,279,611 

3,487,366 

Provision for Losses Under Representations and Warranties 

We record our estimate of the losses that we expect to incur in the future as a result of claims against us made in connection with the representations and warranties provided to the purchasers and insurers of the mortgage loans we sold in our Net gains on sale of mortgage loans held for sale at fair value . Our agreements with the purchasers and insurers include representations and warranties related to the mortgage loans we sell to purchasers. The representations and warranties require adherence to purchaser and insurer origination and underwriting guidelines, including but not limited to the validity of the lien securing the mortgage loan, property eligibility, borrower credit, income and asset requirements, and compliance with applicable federal, state and local law. 

In the event of a breach of our representations and warranties, we may be required to either repurchase the mortgage loans with the identified defects or indemnify the purchaser or insurer. In such cases, we bear any subsequent credit loss on the mortgage loans. Our credit loss may be reduced by any recourse we have to correspondent originators that sold such mortgage loans to us and breached similar or other representations and warranties. In such event, we have the right to seek a recovery of related repurchase losses from that correspondent seller. 

The method used to estimate our losses on representations and warranties is a function of our estimate of future defaults, mortgage loan repurchase rates, the severity of loss in the event of default, if applicable, and the probability of 

57 

Table of Contents 

reimbursement by the correspondent mortgage loan seller. We establish a liability at the time mortgage loans are sold and review our liability estimate on a periodic basis. 

During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 we recorded net provisions for (reversals of) losses under representations and warranties totaling 1.6 million, 582,000) and 7.5 million, respectively. These amounts include reductions in the liability of 4.3 million and 7.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The reductions in the liability resulted from changes in estimates relating to higher than anticipated credit performance of seasoned mortgage loan pools along with additional reductions relating to mortgage loans meeting previously announced limitations on pursuit by the Agencies of claims on mortgage loans with certain performance histories. 

Following is a summary of mortgage loan repurchase activity and the unpaid balance of mortgage loans subject to representations and warranties: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

During the year: 

Indemnification activity 

Mortgage loans indemnified by PFSI at beginning of year 

5,599 

3,470 

1,521 

New indemnifications 

3,255 

3,063 

2,311 

Less: 

Indemnified mortgage loans repurchased 

Indemnified mortgage loans sold, repaid or refinanced 

1,275 

934 

362 

Mortgage loans indemnified by PFSI at end of year 

7,579 

5,599 

3,470 

Repurchase activity 

Total mortgage loans repurchased by PFSI 

20,152 

19,248 

21,723 

Less: 

Mortgage loans repurchased by correspondent lenders 

14,298 

12,625 

17,538 

Mortgage loans repaid by borrowers or resold with defects resolved 

8,792 

4,793 

3,118 

Net mortgage loans (repaid or resold) repurchased by PFSI with losses chargeable to liability for representations and warranties 

(2,938) 

1,830 

1,067 

Net losses charged to liability for representations and warranties 

603 

962 

160 

At year end: 

Unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans subject to representations and warranties 

120,855,101 

90,650,605 

60,687,246 

Liability for representations and warranties 

20,053 

19,067 

20,611 

During the year ended December 31, 2017, we repurchased mortgage loans with unpaid principal balances totaling 20.2 million and charged 603,000 in incurred losses relating to repurchases against our liability for representations and warranties. As the outstanding balance of mortgage loans we purchase and sell subject to representations and warranties increases and as previously sold mortgage loans outstanding continue to season, we expect the level of repurchase and loss activity to increase. 

Other Mortgage Loan Production-Related Revenues 

Mortgage loan origination fees decreased 6.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the volume of mortgage loans we produced. 

58 

Table of Contents 

During the year ended December 31, 2016, mortgage loan origination fees increased 34.0 million to 125.5 million, compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the volume of mortgage loans we produced. 

Following is a summary of our mortgage loan origination fees: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

in thousands) 

Mortgage loan origination fee revenue 

119,202 

125,534 

91,520 

Unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans purchased and originated for sale 

46,027,911 

46,399,270 

35,634,159 

Fulfillment fees from PMT represent fees we collect for services we perform on behalf of PMT in connection with the acquisition, packaging and sale of mortgage loans. The fulfillment fees are calculated as a percentage of the UPB of the mortgage loans we fulfill for PMT. 

Fulfillment fees decreased 6.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease was due to realization of a lower fulfillment fee rate during 2017 compared to 2016 resulting from amendments to the mortgage banking services agreement with PMT. The fulfillment fees increased 27.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to the year ended December 31, 2015, due to an increase in the volume of mortgage loans we fulfilled in 2016 compared to 2015, partially offset by reductions in fulfillment fee rates pursuant to an amendment to our mortgage banking services agreement with PMT and discretionary reductions in fees relating to mortgage loan sales before the date of the amendment to the agreement. 

Following is a summary of our fulfillment fees: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(dollars in thousands) 

Fulfillment fee revenue 

80,359 

86,465 

58,607 

Unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans fulfilled 

22,971,119 

23,188,386 

14,014,603 

Average fulfillment fee rate (in basis points) 

35 

37 

42 

Net mortgage loan servicing fees 

Following is a summary of our net mortgage loan servicing fees: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Net mortgage loan servicing fees: 

Mortgage loan servicing fees: 

From non-affiliates 

475,848 

385,633 

290,474 

From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

43,064 

50,615 

46,423 

From Investment Funds 

1,461 

2,583 

2,636 

Ancillary and other fees 

58,924 

46,910 

43,139 

579,297 

485,741 

382,672 

Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and excess servicing spread financing net of hedging results 

(273,238) 

(300,275) 

(153,129) 

Net mortgage loan servicing fees 

306,059 

185,466 

229,543 

Average mortgage loan servicing portfolio 

221,505,951 

177,676,686 

135,177,080 

59 

Table of Contents 

Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and excess servicing spread are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Amortization and realization of cash flows 

(236,584) 

(204,608) 

(134,790) 

Other changes in fair value of, and provision for impairment of, mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities 

(18,149) 

(145,995) 

(14,432) 

Change in fair value of excess servicing spread 

19,350 

23,923 

3,810 

Hedging results 

(37,855) 

26,405 

(7,717) 

Total fair value adjustments, net of hedging results 

(36,654) 

(95,667) 

(18,339) 

Total amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights, mortgage servicing liabilities and excess servicing spread 

(273,238) 

(300,275) 

(153,129) 

Average mortgage servicing rights balances: 

Carried at lower of amortized cost or fair value 

1,283,755 

839,289 

553,395 

Carried at fair value 

589,246 

557,595 

527,134 

1,873,001 

1,396,884 

1,080,529 

Average mortgage servicing liabilities 

15,587 

8,327 

8,105 

Mortgage servicing rights at year end: 

Carried at lower of amortized cost or fair value 

1,481,578 

1,111,747 

751,688 

Carried at fair value 

638,010 

515,925 

660,247 

2,119,588 

1,627,672 

1,411,935 

Mortgage servicing liabilities at year end 

14,120 

15,192 

1,399 

Following is a summary of our mortgage loan servicing portfolio: 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

Mortgage loans serviced 

Prime servicing: 

Owned: 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Originated 

119,673,403 

89,516,155 

Acquired 

46,575,834 

39,660,951 

166,249,237 

129,177,106 

Mortgage servicing liabilities 

1,620,609 

2,074,896 

Mortgage loans held for sale 

2,998,377 

2,101,283 

170,868,223 

133,353,285 

Subserviced for Advised Entities 

73,651,608 

58,327,748 

Total prime servicing 

244,519,831 

191,681,033 

Special servicing Subserviced for Advised Entities 

1,328,660 

2,558,969 

Total mortgage loans serviced 

245,848,491 

194,240,002 

During the year ended December 31, 2017, net mortgage loans servicing fees increased 120.6 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was due to a combination of increased mortgage loan servicing fees resulting from growth in our mortgage loan servicing portfolio and decreased losses in fair value and impairment of MSRs and MSLs, net of hedging results, resulting from a more stable interest rate environment in 2017 compared to 2016 and decreasing risk premium on government servicing assets in 2017 compared to increasing risk premiums in 2016. 

60 

Table of Contents 

Mortgage loan servicing fees increased 93.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016 reflecting an increase in our average servicing portfolio of 25 during the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was partially offset by decreasing mortgage loans servicing fees from the Advised Entities due to a reduction in fees related to the servicing of distressed mortgage loans as their distressed mortgage loan portfolios continue to liquidate. 

During the year ended December 31, 2016, net mortgage loan servicing fees decreased 44.1 million, or 19 , when compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease during the year was due to an increase of 147.1 million, or 96 , in MSR amortization and MSR, MSL and ESS valuation adjustments reflecting the effects of the historically low interest rate environment that prevailed during 2016 compounded by the growth in our investment in MSRs. The low interest rate environment encouraged borrower-refinancing activities, which negatively affected MSR fair values and the expected lives of the mortgage loans underlying such MSRs. Additionally, the risk premium demanded by market participants for government servicing assets increased during the year, which also negatively affected MSR fair values. The negative effect was partially offset by an increase of 103.1 million, or 27 , in mortgage loan servicing fee revenue due to an increase in our average MSR portfolio of 42.5 billion, or 31 , in 2016 compared to 2015. The increase in our average MSR portfolio reflects the growth in our mortgage loan production and sales. 

Management fees and Carried Interest 

Management fees and Carried Interest are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Management Fees: 

PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust: 

Base management 

22,280 

20,657 

22,851 

Performance incentive 

304 

1,343 

22,584 

20,657 

24,194 

Investment Funds 

1,001 

2,089 

4,043 

Total management fees 

23,585 

22,746 

28,237 

Carried Interest 

(1,040) 

980 

2,628 

Total management fees and Carried Interest 

22,545 

23,726 

30,865 

Net assets of Advised Entities at year end: 

PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

1,544,585 

1,351,114 

1,496,113 

Investment Funds 

29,329 

197,550 

231,745 

1,573,914 

1,548,664 

1,727,858 

Management fees from PMT increased by 1.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to the year ended December 31, 2016, primarily reflecting the increase in PMT s average shareholder s equity upon which its management fees are based. The increase of PMT s average shareholders equity during the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016 was primarily due to the issuance of additional equity by PMT in the form of preferred shares. The performance incentive fees increased 304,000 during the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016 resulting from an increase in PMT s net income on which incentive fees are based. 

Management fees from PMT decreased 3.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease was due primarily to a decrease in base management fees of 2.2 million due to a decrease in PMT s shareholders equity upon which its base management fee is based. The decrease in PMT s shareholders equity during 2016 was primarily due to repurchase of common shares by PMT. Performance incentive fees decreased by 1.3 million because of PMT s reduced financial performance over the four-quarter period for which incentive fees were calculated. 

61 

Table of Contents 

Management fees from the Investment Funds decreased 1.1 million and 2.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, compared to the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The reduction of management fees was anticipated and is due to the continued decrease in the Investment Funds net asset value as the Investment Funds continue their distributions from their liquidating portfolios following the end of the funds investment period on December 31, 2011. In 2017, the Investment Funds sold substantially all of their remaining investment assets. We expect to liquidate the remaining investment and make final distributions to the Investment Funds investors during 2018. 

Carried Interest income from the Investment Funds decreased 2.0 million and 1.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 compared to the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Other revenues 

Net interest expense decreased 23.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease was primarily due to an increase in interest income on mortgage loans held for sale as a result of an increase in average mortgage loan inventory and an increase in the placement fees we receive relating to the custodial funds that we manage, partially offset by an increase in interest expense incurred to fund the growth in our average inventory of mortgage loans held for sale and to finance our MSRs. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to the issuance of 900 million in term notes secured by Ginnie Mae MSRs during 2017. 

In 2017, we entered into a master repurchase agreement that provides us with incentives to finance mortgage loans approved for satisfying certain consumer relief characteristics as provided in the agreement. We recorded 9.2 million of such incentives in Interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2017. The master repurchase agreement has an initial term of six months extendable for three additional six-month terms at the option of the lender. There is no assurance that we will continue to receive such incentives upon the maturity of this agreement. 

Net interest expense increased 5.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December 31, 2015 primarily due to growth in financing of our investments in non-interest earning assets primarily MSRs which are financed in part with ESS sales. 

H.R. 1, known as the Tax Act was enacted on December 22, 2017. The Tax Act reduces the federal corporate tax rate to 21 from the previous maximum rate of 35 , effective January 1, 2018. GAAP requires that the effect of tax legislation be recognized in the period in which the law was enacted. We re-measured our deferred tax assets and liabilities and recorded a tax benefit of 13.7 million to our income tax expense in the quarter and year ended December 31, 2017. 

The change in the corporate tax rate also had a significant effect on the value of the Company s liability under a tax receivable agreement with Pennymac unitholders that exchanged their ownership units for our common stock. A lower tax rate reduces tax benefits that we might realize from the increased tax basis arising from the unitholder exchanges. In turn, the lower expected tax benefits reduce our corresponding liability under the tax receivable agreement. We re-measured our liability under the tax receivable agreement as a result of the reduction in the federal tax rate from 35 to 21 . We recorded a reduction of 32.0 million in the Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under the tax receivable agreement . 

62 

Table of Contents 

The results of our holdings of common shares of PMT, which is included in Changes in fair value of investment in, and dividends received from PMT are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Dividends from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

141 

141 

207 

Change in fair value of investment in PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

(23) 

83 

(437) 

Dividends received and change in fair value 

118 

224 

(230) 

Fair value of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust shares at year end 

1,205 

1,228 

1,145 

Change in fair value of investment in and dividends received from PMT decreased 106,000 during the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016 and increased 454,000 during the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December 31, 2015, primarily due to changes in the fair value of our investment in PMT. We held 75,000 common shares of PMT during each of the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. 

Expenses 

Compensation 

Our compensation expense is summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(dollars in thousands) 

Salaries and wages 

229,710 

211,238 

166,166 

Incentive compensation 

65,922 

78,241 

61,216 

Taxes and benefits 

42,392 

36,169 

29,359 

Stock and unit-based compensation 

20,697 

16,505 

17,521 

358,721 

342,153 

274,262 

Head count: 

Average 

3,024 

2,745 

2,239 

Year end 

3,189 

3,038 

2,509 

Compensation expense increased 16.6 million, or 5 , during the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily due to an increase in base salaries due to increased average head count during 2017 compared to 2016 resulting from the development of and growth in our mortgage banking segments, partially offset by a decrease in incentive compensation due to lower attainment of profitability targets during 2017 compared to 2016. 

Compensation expense increased 67.9 million, or 25 , during the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. The increase in compensation was in continuing support of the growth in our mortgage banking activities. Incentive compensation increased primarily due to an increase in production-related incentives, arising from growth in our mortgage loan production and, to a lesser extent, increased incentive compensation due to increased profitability in 2016 compared to 2015. 

Servicing 

Servicing expense increased 31.8 million and 17.8 million in the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 compared to the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increases were due to growth in our government-insured or guaranteed mortgage servicing portfolio, which includes mortgage loans that are subject to nonreimbursable servicing advance losses, and to the EBO program to purchase defaulted mortgage loans out of seasoned Ginnie Mae pools. The EBO program reduces the ultimate cost of servicing such mortgage loan pools but accelerates loss recognition when the mortgage loans are purchased. The EBO program reduces the ongoing cost of 

63 

Table of Contents 

servicing defaulted mortgage loans subject to Ginnie Mae MBS when we purchase and either sell the defaulted loans or finance them with debt at interest rates below the Ginnie Mae MBS pass-through rates. 

During the year ended December 31, 2017, we purchased 2.9 billion in UPB of EBOs as compared to 1.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 883.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, producing current period expense as accumulated non-reimbursable interest advances, net of interest receivable from the mortgage loans insurer or guarantor at the debenture rate of interest applicable to the respective mortgage loans, are charged to servicing expense when the mortgage loans are purchased from the Ginnie Mae pools. 

Technology 

Technology expense increased 16.7 million and 10.2 million in the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 compared to the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increases were primarily due to growth in loan servicing operations and continued investment in loan production and servicing infrastructure. 

Occupancy and equipment 

Occupancy and equipment expenses increased 5.5 million and 9.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, compared to the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increases are primarily attributable to expansion of our facilities made to accommodate our growth. 

Marketing 

Marketing expenses increased 3.9 million and decreased 400,000 during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 compared to the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in 2017 primarily due to increased outsourced loan solicitation calling campaigns during 2017. 

Expenses Allocated to PMT 

PMT reimburses us for other expenses, including common overhead expenses incurred on its behalf by us, in accordance with the terms of our management agreement with PMT. The expense amounts presented in our income statement are net of these allocations. Common overhead expense amounts allocated to PMT during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Technology 

1,423 

3,136 

4,629 

Occupancy and equipment 

2,880 

3,383 

4,085 

Other 

1,003 

1,379 

2,028 

Total expenses 

5,306 

7,898 

10,742 

Provision for Income Taxes 

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, our effective tax rates were 7.3 , 12.0 , and 11.3 , respectively. The difference between our effective tax rate and the statutory rate is primarily due to the allocation of earnings to the noncontrolling interest unitholders. As the noncontrolling interest unitholders convert their ownership units into our shares, we expect an increase in allocated earnings that will be subject to corporate federal and state statutory tax rates, which will in turn increase our effective income tax rate. The lower effective tax rate for 2017 also reflects the impact of the repricing of the net deferred tax liability resulting from the change in the federal statutory rate from 35 to 21 under the Tax Act. 

64 

Table of Contents 

Balance Sheet Analysis 

Following is a summary of key balance sheet items as of the dates presented: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

ASSETS 

Cash and short-term investments 

207,805 

185,331 

Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

3,099,103 

2,172,815 

Servicing advances, net 

318,066 

348,306 

Investments in and advances to affiliates 

172,869 

168,863 

Carried Interest due from Investment Funds 

8,552 

70,906 

Mortgage servicing rights 

2,119,588 

1,627,672 

Mortgage loans eligible for repurchase 

1,208,195 

382,268 

Other 

233,915 

177,741 

Total assets 

7,368,093 

5,133,902 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Borrowings 

3,821,409 

2,580,906 

Payable to affiliates 

419,970 

555,052 

Liability for mortgage loans eligible for repurchase 

1,208,195 

382,268 

Other 

198,845 

216,320 

Total liabilities 

5,648,419 

3,734,546 

Stockholders' equity 

1,719,674 

1,399,356 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

7,368,093 

5,133,902 

Total assets increased 2.3 billion from 5.1 billion at December 31, 2016 to 7.4 billion at December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 926.3 million in mortgage loans held for sale at fair value, an increase in mortgage loans eligible for repurchase of 825.9 million arising from the growth and seasoning of our portfolio of MSRs backed by government guaranteed and insured mortgage loans and the effects of natural disasters and an increase of 491.9 million of MSRs, primarily resulting from our ongoing mortgage loan production and 183.8 million of MSRs purchased in bulk portfolio transactions in 2017. 

Total liabilities increased by 1.9 billion from 3.7 billion as of December 31, 2016 to 5.6 billion as of December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily attributable an increase in borrowings to fund growth in our inventory of mortgage loans held for sale at fair value and our investments in MSRs. 

Cash Flows 

Our cash flows for the three years ended December 31, 2017 are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Operating 

(883,585) 

(938,522) 

53,144 

Investing 

(339,231) 

(34,739) 

(563,142) 

Financing 

1,161,174 

967,156 

539,214 

Net decrease in cash 

(61,642) 

(6,105) 

29,216 

Operating activities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities totaled 883.6) million, 938.5) million, and 53.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 respectively. The decrease in cash used in operating 

65 

Table of Contents 

activities in 2017 as compared to 2016 was primarily due to a decrease in the rate of growth in our inventory of mortgage loans held for sale during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to 2016. The increase in cash used in operating activities during 2016 as compared to 2015 was primarily due to an increase in mortgage loans held for sale at December 31, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015. 

Investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was 337.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of 302.4 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily due to increased purchases of MSRs during 2017 as compared to 2016. Net cash used in investing activities was 34.7 million during 2016, a reduction from 563.1 million in 2015 due to large purchases of MSRs and advances made to PMT under a note receivable during 2015 that did not recur during 2016. 

Financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 1.2 billion during the year ended December 31, 2017, primarily due to an increase in loans sold under agreements to repurchase and notes payable used to finance the growth in our inventory of mortgage loans held for sale and MSRs. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 967.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2016, primarily from net proceeds from sales of assets under agreements to repurchase of 569.5 million, net proceeds from issuances of mortgage loan participation certificates of 436.7 million and net proceeds from advances on notes payable of 89.3 million to finance growth in our inventory of mortgage loans held for sale and investments in MSRs. The increases were partially offset by repayments of ESS totaling 129.0 million. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 539.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2015, primarily due to net financing proceeds of 260.0 million related to new and existing debt facilities and net proceeds of ESS activity of 193.0 million. Cash provided by financing activities also includes net proceeds of 91.3 million received from two mortgage loan participation and sale agreements used to finance the growth in our inventory of mortgage loans held for sale and proceeds of 13.6 million related to the financing of certain fixed assets structured under a financing lease. These net cash inflows were offset by 18.9 million of cash outflows related to debt issuance costs and distributions made by PennyMac to its members. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our liquidity reflects our ability to meet our current obligations (including our operating expenses and, when applicable, the retirement of, and margin calls relating to, our debt, and margin calls relating to hedges on our commitments to purchase or originate mortgage loans and on our MSR investments), fund new originations and purchases, and make investments as we identify them. We expect our primary sources of liquidity to be through cash flows from business activities, proceeds from bank borrowings, proceeds from and issuance of ESS and/or equity or debt offerings. We believe that our liquidity is sufficient to meet our current liquidity needs. 

Our current borrowing strategy is to finance our assets where we believe such borrowing is prudent, appropriate and available. Our borrowing activities are in the form of sales of assets under agreements to repurchase, sales of mortgage loan participation certificates, ESS financing, notes payable (including a revolving credit agreement) and a capital lease. All of our borrowings other than ESS, term notes payable and our obligation under capital lease have short-term maturities and provide for terms of approximately one year. Because a significant portion of our current debt facilities consists of short-term borrowings, we expect to renew these facilities in advance of maturity in order to ensure our ongoing liquidity and access to capital or otherwise allow ourselves sufficient time to replace any necessary financing. 

66 

Table of Contents 

Our repurchase agreements represent the sales of assets together with agreements for us to buy back the assets at a later date. The table below presents the average outstanding, maximum and ending balances for years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Average balance 

1,829,257 

1,438,181 

823,490 

Maximum daily balance 

3,022,656 

2,661,746 

1,976,744 

Balance at year end 

2,380,866 

1,736,922 

1,167,405 

The differences between the average and maximum daily balances on our repurchase agreements reflect the fluctuations throughout the month of our inventory as we fund and pool mortgage loans for sale in guaranteed mortgage securitizations. 

Our secured financing agreements at PLS require us to comply with various financial covenants. The most significant financial covenants currently include the following: 

positive net income during each calendar quarter; 

a minimum in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 40 million; 

a minimum tangible net worth of 500 million; 

a maximum ratio of total liabilities to tangible net worth of 10:1; and 

at least one other warehouse or repurchase facility that finances amounts and assets that are similar to those being financed under certain of our existing secured financing agreements. 

With respect to servicing performed for PMT, PLS is also subject to certain covenants under PMT s debt agreements. Covenants in PMT s debt agreements are equally, or sometimes less, restrictive than the covenants described above. 

In addition to the covenants noted above, PennyMac s revolving credit agreement and capital lease contain additional financial covenants including, but not limited to, 

a minimum of cash and carried interest equal to the amount borrowed under the revolving credit agreement; 

a minimum of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents equal to 40 million; 

a minimum of tangible net worth of 500 million; 

a minimum asset coverage ratio (the ratio of the total asset amount to the total commitment) of 2.5; and 

a maximum ratio of total indebtedness to tangible net worth ratio of 5:1. 

Although these financial covenants limit the amount of indebtedness that we may incur and affect our liquidity through minimum cash reserve requirements, we believe that these covenants currently provide us with sufficient flexibility to successfully operate our business and obtain the financing necessary to achieve that purpose. 

Our debt financing agreements also contain margin call provisions that, upon notice from the applicable lender at its option, require us to transfer cash or, in some instances, additional assets in an amount sufficient to eliminate any margin deficit. A margin deficit will generally result from any decline in the market value (as determined by the 

67 

Table of Contents 

applicable lender) of the assets subject to the related financing agreement. Upon notice from the applicable lender, we will generally be required to satisfy the margin call on the day of such notice or within one business day thereafter, depending on the timing of the notice. 

We are also subject to liquidity and net worth requirements established by FHFA for Agency seller/servicers and Ginnie Mae for single-family issuers. FHFA and Ginnie Mae have established minimum liquidity requirements and revised their net worth requirements for their approved non-depository single-family sellers/servicers in the case of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae for its approved single-family issuers, as summarized below: 

FHFA liquidity requirement is equal to 0.035 (3.5 basis points) of total Agency servicing UPB plus an incremental 200 basis points of the amount by which total nonperforming Agency servicing UPB exceeds 6 of the applicable Agency servicing UPB; allowable assets to satisfy liquidity requirement include cash and cash equivalents (unrestricted), certain investment-grade securities that are available for sale or held for trading including Agency mortgage-backed securities, obligations of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, and U.S. Treasury obligations, and unused and available portions of committed servicing advance lines; 

FHFA net worth requirement is a minimum net worth of 2.5 million plus 25 basis points of UPB for total 1-4 unit residential mortgage loans serviced and a tangible net worth/total assets ratio greater than or equal to 6 ; 

Ginnie Mae single-family issuer minimum liquidity requirement is equal to the greater of 1.0 million or 0.10 (10 basis points) of the issuer s outstanding Ginnie Mae single-family securities, which must be met with cash and cash equivalents; and 

Ginnie Mae net worth requirement is equal to 2.5 million plus 0.35 (35 basis points) of the issuer s outstanding Ginnie Mae single-family obligations. 

We believe that we are currently in compliance with the applicable Agency requirements. 

We have purchased portfolios of MSRs and have financed them in part through the sale to PMT of the right to receive ESS. The outstanding amount of the ESS financing is based on the current valuation of such ESS and amounts received on the underlying mortgage loans. 

Our Board approved stock repurchase program allows us to repurchase up to 50 million of our Class A common stock using open market stock purchases or privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. The stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date and the authorization does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of Class A common stock. We intend to finance the stock repurchase program through cash on hand. 

We continue to explore a variety of means of financing our continued growth, including debt financing through bank warehouse lines of credit, bank loans, repurchase agreements, securitization transactions and corporate debt. However, there can be no assurance as to how much additional financing capacity such efforts will produce, what form the financing will take or whether such efforts will be successful. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Obligations 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2017, we have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements or guarantees. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31, 2017, we had contractual obligations totaling 8.2 billion, comprised of borrowings, commitments to purchase and originate mortgage loans, a payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance 

68 

Table of Contents 

Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement, and anticipated payments related to excess servicing spread financing. We also lease our office facilities and license certain software to support our loan servicing operations. 

All agreements to repurchase assets and mortgage loan participation and sale agreements that matured between December 31, 2017 and the date of this Report have been renewed, replaced, extended or repaid and are described in Note 13 Borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Payment obligations under these agreements are summarized below: 

Payments due by year 

Less than 

1-3 

3-5 

More than 

Contractual obligations 

Total 

1 year 

years 

years 

5 years 

(in thousands) 

Commitments to purchase and originate mortgage loans 

3,654,955 

3,654,955 

Assets sold under agreements to repurchase 

2,380,866 

2,380,866 

Mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements 

527,706 

527,706 

Notes payable 

900,006 

6 

400,000 

500,000 

Obligations under capital lease 

20,971 

13,609 

7,362 

Excess servicing spread financing at fair value payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust (1) 

236,534 

236,534 

Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement 

44,011 

12,429 

7,318 

24,264 

Anticipated interest payments related to notes payable 

180,407 

50,800 

82,931 

46,676 

Anticipated interest payments related to excess servicing spread financing at fair value 

85,851 

13,350 

21,710 

16,046 

34,745 

Software licenses (2) 

32,238 

16,119 

16,119 

Office leases 

96,254 

13,688 

28,607 

21,892 

32,067 

Total 

8,159,799 

6,671,099 

569,158 

591,932 

327,610 

(1) 

The ESS financing obligation payable to PMT does not have a stated contractual maturity date and will pay down as the underlying MSRs receive the excess servicing fee rate due to PMT. 

(2) 

Software licenses include both volume and activity based fees that are dependent on the number of loans serviced during each period and include a base fee of approximately 1.5 million per month. Estimated payments for such software licenses are based on the number of loans currently serviced by us, which totaled approximately 1.2 million at December 31, 2017. Future amounts due may significantly fluctuate based on changes in the number of loans serviced by us. For the year ended December 31, 2017, software license fees totaled 21.1 million . 

69 

Table of Contents 

The amount at risk (the fair value of the assets pledged plus the related margin deposit, less the amount advanced by the counterparty and accrued interest) relating to our assets sold under agreements to repurchase is summarized by counterparty below as of December 31, 2017: 

Weighted average 

maturity of 

advances under 

Counterparty 

Amount at risk 

repurchase agreement 

Facility Maturity 

(in thousands) 

Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC 

489,565 

April 27, 2018 

April 27, 2018 

Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC 

112,168 

January 13, 2018 

April 27, 2018 

Deutsche Bank AG 

76,542 

March 17, 2018 

June 30, 2018 

Bank of America, N.A. 

34,857 

March 19, 2018 

May 25, 2018 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

10,339 

February 15, 2018 

August 24, 2018 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

7,662 

February 16, 2018 

October 12, 2018 

BNP Paribas 

5,280 

March 20, 2018 

November 16, 2018 

Royal Bank of Canada 

1,747 

March 10, 2018 

March 29, 2018 

Citibank, N.A. 

1,506 

February 2, 2018 

March 2, 2018 

Barclays Bank PLC 

685 

February 1, 2018 

February 1, 2018 

Debt Obligations 

As described further above in Liquidity and Capital Resources, we currently finance certain of our assets through borrowings with major financial institution counterparties in the form of sales of assets under agreements to repurchase, mortgage loan participation and sale agreements, notes payable (including a revolving credit agreement) and a capital lease. The borrower under each of these facilities is PLS with two exceptions where the borrower is PennyMac: the revolving credit agreement, which is classified as a note payable and the capital lease. All PLS obligations as previously noted are guaranteed by PennyMac. 

All of our non-ESS financing borrowings discussed above have short-term maturities that expire as follows: 

Outstanding 

Total 

Committed 

Lender 

indebtedness (1) 

facility size (2) 

facility (2) 

Maturity date (2) 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Assets sold under agreements to repurchase 

Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC 

910,320 

1,093,000 

293,000 

April 27, 2018 

Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC (3) 

100,000 

407,000 

407,000 

April 27, 2018 

Deutsche Bank AG 

593,864 

750,000 

September 6, 2018 

Bank of America, N.A. 

406,355 

500,000 

225,000 

May 25, 2018 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

138,982 

500,000 

175,000 

August 24, 2018 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

90,443 

500,000 

50,000 

October 12, 2018 

BNP Paribas 

87,753 

200,000 

100,000 

November 16, 2018 

Royal Bank of Canada 

23,752 

135,000 

40,000 

March 29, 2018 

Citibank, N.A. 

23,010 

700,000 

275,000 

March 2, 2018 

Barclays Bank PLC (4) 

6,387 

170,000 

February 1, 2018 

Mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements 

Bank of America, N.A. 

527,706 

550,000 

May 25, 2018 

Notes payable 

GMSR 2017-GT1 Term Note 

400,000 

400,000 

February 25, 2020 

GMSR 2017-GT2 Term Note 

500,000 

500,000 

August 25, 2022 

Barclays Bank PLC (4) 

130,000 

130,000 

February 1, 2018 

Credit Suisse AG 

150,000 

150,000 

November 16, 2018 

Obligations under capital lease 

Banc of America Leasing and Capital LLC 

20,971 

35,000 

March 23, 2020 

(1) 

Outstanding indebtedness as of December 31, 2017. 

70 

Table of Contents 

(2) 

Total facility size, committed facility and maturity date include contractual changes through the date of this Report. 

(3) 

The borrowing of 100 million with Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC is in the form of sales of a variable funding note under an agreement to repurchase. 

(4) 

The borrowings with Barclays Bank PLC are subject to a total aggregate facility amount of 300 million, of which 130 million represents the maximum amount for MSRs. 

All debt financing arrangements that matured between December 31, 2017 and the date of this Report have been renewed or extended with the exception of our financing arrangements with Barclays Bank PLC, which we allowed to expire on February 1, 2018 in accordance with its terms. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Market risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices, real estate values and other market based risks. The primary market risks that we are exposed to are interest rate risk, prepayment risk, credit risk and fair value risk. 

Interest Rate Risk 

Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, and other factors beyond our control. Changes in interest rates affect both the fair value of, and interest income we earn from, our mortgage related investments and our derivative financial instruments. This effect is most pronounced with fixed rate mortgage assets. In general, rising interest rates negatively affect the fair value of our IRLCs, inventory of mortgage loans held for sale and ESS financing and positively affect the fair value of our MSRs. 

Our operating results will depend, in part, on differences between the income from our investments and our financing costs. Presently our debt financing is based on a floating rate of interest calculated on a fixed spread over the relevant index, as determined by the particular financing arrangement. 

We engage in interest rate risk management activities in an effort to reduce the variability of income caused by changes in interest rates. To manage this price risk resulting from interest rate risk, we use derivative financial instruments acquired with the intention of moderating the risk that changes in market interest rates will result in unfavorable changes in the fair value of our IRLCs, inventory of mortgage loans held for sale and MSRs. We do not use derivative financial instruments other than IRLCs for purposes other than in support of our risk management activities. 

Prepayment Risk 

To the extent that the actual prepayment rate on the mortgage loans underlying our MSRs differs from what we projected when we initially recognized the MSRs, MSLs, and ESS financing and when we measured fair value as of the end of each reporting period, the carrying value of our investment in MSRs will be affected. In general, a decrease in the principal balances of the mortgage loans underlying our MSRs or an increase in prepayment expectations will accelerate the amortization and may result in impairments of our MSRs accounted for using the amortization method and decrease our estimates of the fair value of both the MSRs accounted for using the amortization method and those accounted for using the fair value method, thereby reducing net servicing income, partially offset by the beneficial effect on net servicing income of a corresponding reduction in the fair value of our MSLs and ESS. 

Credit Risk 

We are subject to credit risk in connection with our mortgage loan sales activities. Our mortgage loan sales are generally made with contractual representations and warranties, which, if breached, can require us to repurchase the 

71 

Table of Contents 

mortgage loan or reimburse the investor for any losses incurred due to such breach. These breaches are generally evidenced when the borrower defaults on a mortgage loan. 

The amount of our liability for losses due to representations and warranties to the mortgage loans investors is not limited. However, we believe that the current UPB of mortgage loans sold by us to date represents the maximum exposure to repurchases related to representations and warranties. We include a provision for potential losses due to the representations and warranties we make as part of our recognition of mortgage loan sales, based initially on our estimate of the fair value of such obligation. We review our loss experience relating to representations and warranties and adjust our liability estimate when necessary. 

In the event of developments affecting the credit performance of mortgage loans we have sold subject to representations and warranties, such as a significant increase in unemployment or a significant deterioration in real estate values in markets where properties securing mortgage loans we produce are located, defaults could increase and result in credit losses arising from claims under our representations and warranties, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Fair Value Risk 

Our IRLCs, mortgage loans held for sale, a portion of our MSRs, MSLs and ESS financing are reported at their estimated fair values. The fair value of these assets fluctuates primarily due to changes in interest rates. 

The following sensitivity analyses are limited in that they were performed at a particular point in time; only contemplate the movements in the indicated variables; do not incorporate changes to other variables; are subject to the accuracy of various models and assumptions used; and do not incorporate other factors that would affect our overall financial performance in such scenarios, including operational adjustments made by management to account for changing circumstances. For these reasons, the following estimates should not be viewed as earnings forecasts. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights 

The following tables summarize the estimated change in fair value of MSRs accounted for using the amortization method as of December 31, 2017, given several shifts in pricing spreads, prepayment speed and annual per-loan cost of servicing: 

Pricing spread shift in 

-20 

-10 

-5 

+5 

+10 

+20 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Fair value 

1,604,633 

1,541,121 

1,511,204 

1,454,726 

1,428,049 

1,377,557 

Change in fair value: 

122,207 

58,695 

28,778 

(27,700) 

(54,376) 

(104,869) 

8.2 

4.0 

1.9 

(1.9) 

(3.7) 

(7.1) 

Prepayment speed shift in 

-20 

-10 

-5 

+5 

+10 

+20 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Fair value 

1,585,583 

1,532,107 

1,506,818 

1,458,881 

1,436,141 

1,392,912 

Change in fair value: 

103,157 

49,681 

24,393 

(23,544) 

(46,284) 

(89,514) 

7.0 

3.4 

1.6 

(1.6) 

(3.1) 

(6.0) 

72 

Table of Contents 

Per-loan servicing cost shift in 

-20 

-10 

-5 

+5 

+10 

+20 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Fair value 

1,527,288 

1,504,857 

1,493,641 

1,471,210 

1,459,994 

1,437,563 

Change in fair value: 

44,863 

22,431 

11,216 

(11,216) 

(22,431) 

(44,863) 

3.0 

1.5 

0.8 

(0.8) 

(1.5) 

(3.0) 

The following tables summarize the estimated change in fair value of MSRs accounted for using the fair value method as of December 31, 2017, given several shifts in pricing spreads, prepayment speed and annual per loan cost of servicing: 

Pricing spread shift in 

-20 

-10 

-5 

+5 

+10 

+20 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Fair value 

685,095 

660,703 

649,154 

627,250 

616,855 

597,094 

Change in fair value: 

47,085 

22,693 

11,144 

(10,760) 

(21,155) 

(40,916) 

7.4 

3.6 

1.7 

(1.7) 

(3.3) 

(6.4) 

Prepayment speed shift in 

-20 

-10 

-5 

+5 

+10 

+20 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Fair value 

685,480 

660,851 

649,219 

627,201 

616,771 

596,972 

Change in fair value: 

47,470 

22,841 

11,209 

(10,809) 

(21,239) 

(41,038) 

7.4 

3.6 

1.8 

(1.7) 

(3.3) 

(6.4) 

Per-loan servicing cost shift in 

-20 

-10 

-5 

+5 

+10 

+20 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Fair value 

662,997 

650,504 

644,257 

631,763 

625,516 

613,023 

Change in fair value: 

24,987 

12,494 

6,247 

(6,247) 

(12,494) 

(24,987) 

3.9 

2.0 

1.0 

(1.0) 

(2.0) 

(3.9) 

Excess Servicing Spread Financing 

The following tables summarize the estimated change in fair value of our excess servicing spread financing accounted for using the fair value method as of December 31, 2017, given several shifts in pricing spread and prepayment speed (decrease in the liabilities values increases net income): 

Pricing spread shift in 

-20 

-10 

-5 

+5 

+10 

+20 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Fair value 

244,865 

240,630 

238,565 

234,537 

232,572 

228,737 

Change in fair value: 

8,330 

4,096 

2,031 

(1,997) 

(3,962) 

(7,798) 

3.5 

1.7 

0.9 

(0.8) 

(1.7) 

(3.3) 

73 

Table of Contents 

Prepayment speed shift in 

-20 

-10 

-5 

+5 

+10 

+20 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Fair value 

260,436 

247,961 

242,125 

231,175 

226,034 

216,357 

Change in fair value: 

23,901 

11,427 

5,590 

(5,359) 

(10,500) 

(20,177) 

10.1 

4.8 

2.4 

(2.3) 

(4.4) 

(8.5) 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The information called for by this Item 8 is hereby incorporated by reference from our Financial Statements and Auditors Report in Part IV of this Report. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. However, no matter how well a control system is designed and operated, it can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. 

Our management has conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report as required by paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Based on our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this Report, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on those criteria, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2017. 

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 

74 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

3043 Townsgate Rd 

Westlake Village, CA 91361 

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and subsidiaries the 

Company as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017, of the Company and our report dated March 9, 2018, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

Los Angeles, California 

March 9, 2018 

75 

Table of Contents 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2017, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

76 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, or will be contained in an amendment to this Report, in either case to be filed by May 1, 2018, which is within 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2017. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, or will be contained in an amendment to this Report, in either case to be filed by May 1, 2018, which is within 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2017. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, or will be contained in an amendment to this Report, in either case to be filed by May 1, 2018, which is within 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2017. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, or will be contained in an amendment to this Report, in either case to be filed by May 1, 2018, which is within 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2017. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, or will be contained in an amendment to this Report, in either case to be filed May 1, 2018, which is within 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2017. 

77 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule s 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

8-K 

May 14, 2013 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

8-K 

August 19, 2013 

4.1 

Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. 

S-1/A 

April 29, 2013 

10.1 

Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, dated as of May 8, 2013. 

8-K 

May 14, 2013 

10.2 

First Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, dated as of November 16, 2017. 

10.3 

Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2013, between PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and the Company Unitholders. 

8-K 

May 14, 2013 

10.4 

First Amendment to Exchange Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2017, between PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and the Company Unitholders. 

10.5 

Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2013, between PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and each of the Members. 

8-K 

May 14, 2013 

10.6 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2013, between PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and the Holders. 

8-K 

May 14, 2013 

10.7 

Stockholder Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2013, between PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and BlackRock Mortgage Ventures, LLC. 

8-K 

May 14, 2013 

10.8 

Stockholder Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2013, between PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and HC Partners LLC. 

8-K 

May 14, 2013 

10.9 

PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. 

8-K 

May 14, 2013 

10.10 

First Amendment to the PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. 

10.11 

PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors. 

8-K 

May 16, 2013 

78 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

10.12 

PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers. 

10-Q 

November 6, 2015 

10.13 

PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Other Eligible Participants. 

10-Q 

November 6, 2015 

10.14 

PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Stock Option Award Agreement. 

8-K 

June 17, 2013 

10.15 

Form of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. Indemnification Agreement. 

S-1/A 

April 5, 2013 

10.16 

Employment Agreement, dated December 8, 2015, among Stanford L. Kurland, Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

8-K 

December 14, 2015 

10.17 

First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2017, by and among Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and Stanford L. Kurland. 

8-K 

April 7, 2017 

10.18 

Employment Agreement, dated December 8, 2015, among David A. Spector, Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

8-K 

December 14, 2015 

10.19 

First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2017, by and among Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and David A. Spector. 

8-K 

April 7, 2017 

10.20 

Second Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2016, by and among PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust, PennyMac Operating Partnership, L.P. and PNMAC Capital Management, LLC. 

8-K 

September 12, 2016 

10.21 

Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2017, by and among PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust, PennyMac Operating Partnership, L.P. and PNMAC Capital Management, LLC. 

10-Q 

November 7, 2017 

10.22 

Third Amended and Restated Flow Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2016, by and between PennyMac Operating Partnership, L.P. and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

8-K 

September 12, 2016 

10.23 

Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2016, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 

8-K 

September 12, 2016 

10.24 

Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2017, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 

10-Q 

August 8, 2017 

79 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

10.25 

Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2017, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 

10-Q 

November 7, 2017 

10.26 

Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2017, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 

10.27 

Amended and Restated MSR Recapture Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2016, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 

8-K 

September 12, 2016 

10.28 

Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated MSR Recapture Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2017, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 

10.29 

Amended and Restated Underwriting Fee Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2013, by and among PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust, PennyMac Operating Partnership, L.P. and PNMAC Capital Management, LLC. 

S-1 

February 7, 2013 

10.30 

Master Spread Acquisition and MSR Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2014, among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, PennyMac Operating Partnership, L.P., and PennyMac Holdings, LLC. 

8-K 

December 24, 2014 

10.31 

Amendment No. 1 to Master Spread Acquisition and MSR Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2015, among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, PennyMac Operating Partnership, L.P., and PennyMac Holdings, LLC. 

10-Q 

May 8, 2015 

10.32 

Second Amended and Restated Master Spread Acquisition and MSR Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and PennyMac Holdings, LLC. 

8-K 

December 21, 2016 

10.33 

Second Amended and Restated Flow Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2008, as amended effective as of January 1, 2012, by and between PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund Investors, LLC and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

S-1 

February 7, 2013 

10.34 

Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Flow Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2014, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund Investors, LLC. 

10-Q 

August 7, 2015 

10.35 

Amended and Restated Flow Servicing Agreement, by and between PNMAC Mortgage Co., LLC and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, dated August 1, 2010. 

S-1/A 

March 26, 2013 

80 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

10.36 

Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Flow Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2014, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PNMAC Mortgage Co., LLC. 

10-Q 

August 7, 2015 

10.37 

Amended and Restated Flow Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2010, by and between PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund, LP and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

S-1/A 

March 26, 2013 

10.38 

Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Flow Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2014, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund, L.P. 

10-Q 

August 7, 2015 

10.39 

Investment Management Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2008, between PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund Investors, LLC and PNMAC Capital Management, LLC. 

S-1 

February 7, 2013 

10.40 

Investment Management Agreement, as amended and restated May 26, 2011, by and between PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund, L.P. and PNMAC Capital Management, LLC. 

S-1 

February 7, 2013 

10.41 

Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2011, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

S-1 

February 7, 2013 

10.42 

Amendment No. 1 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of July 21, 2011, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company,. 

S-1/A 

April 22, 2013 

10.43 

Amendment No. 2 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2012, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

S-1/A 

April 22, 2013 

10.44 

Amendment No. 3 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2012, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

S-1/A 

April 22, 2013 

10.45 

Amendment No. 4 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2013, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

S-1/A 

April 22, 2013 

10.46 

Amendment No. 5 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2013, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

S-1/A 

April 22, 2013 

81 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

10.47 

Amendment No. 6 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2014, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

8-K 

February 6, 2014 

10.48 

Amendment No. 7 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2014, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

10-Q 

May 15, 2014 

10.49 

Amendment No. 8 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2014, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

10-Q 

November 14, 2014 

10.50 

Amendment No. 9 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2015, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

10-K 

March 13, 2015 

10.51 

Amendment No. 10 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2016, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

10-Q 

May 9, 2016 

10.52 

Amendment No. 11 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2017, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

8-K 

May 30, 2017 

10.53 

Guaranty, dated as of March 17, 2011, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC in favor of Bank of America, N.A. 

10-K 

March 13, 2015 

10.54 

Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2017, among Citibank, N.A. and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

8-K 

March 9, 2017 

10.55 

Amendment Number One to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2017, between Citibank, N.A. and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

8-K 

June 21, 2017 

10.56 

Guaranty Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2012, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC in favor of Citibank, N.A. 

10-K 

March 13, 2015 

10.57 

Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2017, by and among Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Alpine Securitization LTD, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

8-K 

May 3, 2017 

82 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

10.58 

Amendment No. 1 to Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2017, by and among Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Alpine Securitization LTD, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

10-Q 

August 8, 2017 

10.59 

Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2017, by and among Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Alpine Securitization LTD, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

10.60 

Amendment No. 3 to Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2018, by and among Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Alpine Securitization LTD, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

8-K 

February 7, 2018 

10.61 

Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated as of April 28, 2017, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance LLC in favor of Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 

8-K 

May 3, 2017 

10.62 

Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2013, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

8-K 

July 8, 2013 

10.63 

Amendment Number One to the Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2013, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

S-1 

October 1, 2013 

10.64 

Amendment Number Two to the Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2014, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

10-Q 

May 15, 2014 

10.65 

Amendment Number Three to the Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2014, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

10-Q 

August 14, 2014 

10.66 

Amendment Number Four to the Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2015, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

10-Q 

August 7, 2015 

10.67 

Amendment Number Five to the Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2015, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

8-K 

July 27, 2015 

10.68 

Amendment Number Six to the Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2015, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

10-K 

March 10, 2016 

83 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

10.69 

Amendment Number Seven to the Master Repurchase Agreement, dated July 26, 2016, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

10-Q 

August 9, 2016 

10.70 

Amendment Number Eight to the Master Repurchase Agreement, dated August 26, 2016, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC. 

10-Q 

November 8, 2016 

10.71 

Amendment Number Nine to the Master Repurchase Agreement, dated June 20, 2017, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC. 

8-K 

June 21, 2017 

10.72 

Amendment Number Ten to the Master Repurchase Agreement, dated August 25, 2017, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC. 

10-Q 

November 7, 2017 

10.73 

Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2013, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC in favor of Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

8-K 

July 8, 2013 

10.74 

Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2014, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and Bank of America, N.A. 

10-Q 

August 14, 2014 

10.75 

Amendment No. 1 to Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2015, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

10-K 

March 13, 2015 

10.76 

Amendment No. 2 to Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2015, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

10-K 

March 10, 2016 

10.77 

Amendment No. 3 to Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2016, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

10-Q 

August 9, 2016 

10.78 

Amendment No. 4 to Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2017, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

10-Q 

August 8, 2017 

84 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

10.79 

Amendment No. 5 to Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2017, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

10-Q 

August 8, 2017 

10.80 

Amendment No. 6 to Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2017, by and among Bank of America, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

8-K 

September 8, 2017 

10.81 

Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated as of August 13, 2014, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC in favor of Bank of America, N.A. 

10-Q 

August 14, 2014 

10.82 

Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2012, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 

10-K 

March 10, 2016 

10.83 

Flow Sale Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2015, by and between PennyMac Corp. and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

10-Q 

August 7, 2015 

10.84 

Amended and Restated Flow Commercial Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2016, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 

10-Q 

August 9, 2016 

10.85 

Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Flow Commercial Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2017, by and among PennyMac Corp. and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

10-Q 

November 7, 2017 

10.86 

Servicing Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2015, between PennyMac Corp., PennyMac Holdings, LLC, any other parties signing this Agreement as owner of Mortgage Loans listed in Schedule I and any New Owners, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Midland Loan Services, a division of PNC Bank, National Association. 

10-K 

March 10, 2016 

10.87 

Amended and Restated Commercial Mortgage Servicing Oversight Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2016, among PennyMac Corp., PennyMac Holdings, LLC, and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

10-Q 

August 9, 2016 

10.88 

Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Commercial Mortgage Servicing Oversight Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2017, by and among PennyMac Corp., PennyMac Holdings, LLC and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

10-Q 

November 7, 2017 

10.89 

Amendment Number Five to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2017, among Barclays Bank PLC, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

85 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

10.90 

Master Lease Agreement No. 30350-90000, dated as of December 9, 2015, among Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC. 

8-K 

December 14, 2015 

10.91 

Addendum to Master Lease Agreement No. 30350-90000, dated as of December 9, 2015, among Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC. 

8-K 

December 14, 2015 

10.92 

Schedule Number 001 to Master Lease Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2015, among Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC. 

8-K 

December 14, 2015 

10.93 

Schedule Number 002 to Master Lease Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2016, among Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC. 

10-Q 

March 31, 2016 

10.94 

Schedule Number 003 to Master Lease Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2016, among Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC. 

8-K 

November 4, 2016 

10.95 

Schedule Number 004 to Master Lease Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2017, among Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC. 

8-K 

March 27, 2017 

10.96 

Guaranty, dated as of December 9, 2015, by PennyMac Loan Services, LLC in favor of Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC. 

8-K 

December 14, 2015 

10.97 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2016, by and among Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, the lenders that are parties thereto, Credit Suisse AG and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. 

8-K 

November 22, 2016 

10.98 

Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 17, 2017, by and among Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and Credit Suisse AG. 

10.99 

Amended and Restated Collateral and Guaranty Agreement, dated November 18, 2016, by and among Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., PNMAC Capital Management, LLC, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PNMAC Opportunity Fund Associates, LLC. 

8-K 

November 22, 2016 

10.100 

Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2016, between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

8-K 

August 23, 2016 

10.101 

First Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2017, between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

8-K 

May 30, 2017 

86 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

10.102 

Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2017, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

10-Q 

November 7, 2017 

10.103 

Third Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2017, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

10-Q 

November 7, 2017 

10.104 

Guaranty, dated as of August 19, 2016, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank. N.A. 

8-K 

August 23, 2016 

10.105 

Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2016, between Royal Bank of Canada and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

8-K 

September 22, 2016 

10.106 

Amendment No. 1 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2017, between Royal Bank of Canada and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

10-Q 

August 8, 2017 

10.107 

Amendment No. 2 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2017, between Royal Bank of Canada and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

10-Q 

November 7, 2017 

10.108 

Base Indenture, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, and Pentalpha Surveillance LLC. 

8-K 

December 21, 2016 

10.109 

Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of February 16, 2017, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, and Pentalpha Surveillance LLC. 

8-K 

February 23, 2017 

10.110 

Second Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2017, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, and Pentalpha Surveillance LLC. 

8-K 

August 16, 2017 

10.111 

Series 2016-MSRVF1 Indenture Supplement to Indenture, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 

8-K 

December 21, 2016 

10.112 

Series 2016-MBSADV1 Indenture Supplement to Indenture, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 

10-K 

March 9, 2017 

87 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

10.113 

Omnibus Amendment No. 1 to the Series 2016-MSRVF1 Indenture Supplement and Series 2016-MBSADV1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of February 16, 2017, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 

8-K 

February 23, 2017 

10.114 

Series 2017-GT1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of February 16, 2017, to Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of February 16, 2017, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 

8-K 

February 23, 2017 

10.115 

Series 2017-GT2 Indenture Supplement, dated as of August 10, 2017, to Second Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2017, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital. 

8-K 

August 16, 2017 

10.116 

Guaranty, dated as of December 19, 2016, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC in favor of Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 

8-K 

August 16, 2017 

10.117 

Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

8-K 

December 21, 2016 

10.118 

Amendment No. 1 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2017, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and consented to by Citibank, N.A., Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 

8-K 

February 23, 2017 

10.119 

Amendment No. 2 to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2017, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and consented to by Citibank, N.A., Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 

8-K 

August 16, 2017 

10.120 

Guaranty, dated as of December 19, 2016, made by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, in favor of PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST. 

8-K 

December 21, 2016 

10.121 

Amendment No. 1 to Guaranty, dated as of February 16, 2017, by and between PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

8-K 

February 23, 2017 

88 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

10.122 

Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and among PennyMac Holdings, LLC, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust. 

8-K 

December 21, 2016 

10.123 

Guaranty, dated as of December 19, 2016, by PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust, in favor of PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

8-K 

December 21, 2016 

10.124 

Subordination, Acknowledgment and Pledge Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, between PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST and PennyMac Holdings, LLC. 

8-K 

December 21, 2016 

10.125 

Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and among, Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 

8-K 

December 21, 2016 

10.126 

Guaranty, dated as of December 19, 2016, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC in favor of Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 

10-Q 

November 7, 2017 

10.127 

Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016, among JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

8-K 

November 4, 2016 

10.128 

Guaranty, dated as of November 1, 2016, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association. 

8-K 

November 4, 2016 

10.129 

Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2017, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Deutsche Bank, AG, Cayman Islands Branch . 

8-K 

August 24, 2017 

10.130 

Guaranty, dated as of August 21, 2017, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC in favor of Deutsche Bank AG, Cayman Islands Branch. 

8-K 

August 24, 2017 

10.131 

Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2017, by and among BNP Paribas, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptqance Company, LLC. 

8-K 

November 22, 2017 

10.132 

Guaranty, dated as of November 17, 2017, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC in favor of BNP Paribus. 

8-K 

November 22, 2017 

10.133 

Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2018, by and among Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 

8-K 

February 7, 2018 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

89 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669) 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

23.1 

Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 

31.1 

Certification of David A. Spector pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Andrew S. Chang pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of David A. Spector pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Andrew S. Chang pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 

Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Filed herewith 

The certifications attached hereto as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

90 

Table of Contents 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2017 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPOR T OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

3043 Townsgate Road 

Westlake Village, CA 91361 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 9, 2018, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

Los Angeles, California 

March 9, 2018 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands, except share amounts) 

ASSETS 

Cash (includes 20,765 and 91,788 pledged to creditors) 

37,725 

99,367 

Short-term investments at fair value 

170,080 

85,964 

Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value (includes 3,081,987 and 2,125,174 pledged to creditors) 

3,099,103 

2,172,815 

Derivative assets 

78,179 

82,905 

Servicing advances, net (includes valuation allowance of 59,958 and 45,425; 114,643 and 81,306 pledged to creditors) 

318,066 

348,306 

Carried Interest due from Investment Funds pledged to creditors 

8,552 

70,906 

Investment in PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust at fair value 

1,205 

1,228 

Mortgage servicing rights (includes 638,010 and 515,925 at fair value; 2,098,067 and 1,617,671 pledged to creditors) 

2,119,588 

1,627,672 

Real estate acquired in settlement of loans 

2,447 

1,418 

Furniture, fixtures, equipment and building improvements, net (includes 23,915 and 25,134 pledged to creditors) 

29,453 

31,321 

Capitalized software, net (includes 1,568 and 515 pledged to creditors) 

25,729 

11,205 

Assets purchased from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust under agreements to resell pledged to creditors 

144,128 

150,000 

Receivable from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

27,119 

16,416 

Receivable from Investment Funds 

417 

1,219 

Mortgage loans eligible for repurchase 

1,208,195 

382,268 

Other 

98,107 

50,892 

Total assets 

7,368,093 

5,133,902 

LIABILITIES 

Assets sold under agreements to repurchase 

2,381,538 

1,735,114 

Mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements 

527,395 

671,426 

Notes payable 

891,505 

150,942 

Obligations under capital lease 

20,971 

23,424 

Excess servicing spread financing payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust at fair value 

236,534 

288,669 

Derivative liabilities 

5,796 

22,362 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

106,716 

134,611 

Mortgage servicing liabilities at fair value 

14,120 

15,192 

Payable to Investment Funds 

2,427 

20,393 

Payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

136,998 

170,036 

Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement 

44,011 

75,954 

Income taxes payable 

52,160 

25,088 

Liability for mortgage loans eligible for repurchase 

1,208,195 

382,268 

Liability for losses under representations and warranties 

20,053 

19,067 

Total liabilities 

5,648,419 

3,734,546 

Commitments and contingencies Note 16 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Class A common stock authorized 200,000,000 shares of 0.0001 par value; issued and outstanding, 23,529,970 and 22,426,779 shares, respectively 

2 

2 

Class B common stock authorized 1,000 shares of 0.0001 par value; issued and outstanding, 46 and 49 shares, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

204,103 

182,772 

Retained earnings 

265,306 

164,549 

Total stockholders' equity attributable to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. common stockholders 

469,411 

347,323 

Noncontrolling interest in Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC 

1,250,263 

1,052,033 

Total stockholders' equity 

1,719,674 

1,399,356 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

7,368,093 

5,133,902 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands, except earnings per share) 

Revenues 

Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value: 

From non-affiliates 

369,815 

539,872 

328,551 

From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

21,989 

(8,092) 

(7,836) 

391,804 

531,780 

320,715 

Mortgage loan origination fees: 

From non-affiliates 

112,124 

118,844 

87,130 

From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

7,078 

6,690 

4,390 

119,202 

125,534 

91,520 

Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

80,359 

86,465 

58,607 

Net mortgage loan servicing fees: 

Mortgage loan servicing fees: 

From non-affiliates 

475,848 

385,633 

290,474 

From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

43,064 

50,615 

46,423 

From Investment Funds 

1,461 

2,583 

2,636 

Ancillary and other fees 

58,924 

46,910 

43,139 

579,297 

485,741 

382,672 

Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities 

(292,588) 

(324,198) 

(156,939) 

Change in fair value of excess servicing spread payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

19,350 

23,923 

3,810 

(273,238) 

(300,275) 

(153,129) 

Net mortgage loan servicing fees 

306,059 

185,466 

229,543 

Management fees: 

From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

22,584 

20,657 

24,194 

From Investment Funds 

1,001 

2,089 

4,043 

23,585 

22,746 

28,237 

Carried Interest from Investment Funds 

(1,040) 

980 

2,628 

Net interest expense: 

Interest income: 

From non-affiliates 

135,141 

73,297 

45,812 

From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

8,038 

7,830 

3,343 

143,179 

81,127 

49,155 

Interest expense: 

To non-affiliates 

127,569 

83,605 

43,172 

To PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

16,951 

22,601 

25,365 

144,520 

106,206 

68,537 

Net interest expense 

(1,341) 

(25,079) 

(19,382) 

Change in fair value of investment in and dividends received from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

118 

224 

(230) 

Results of real estate acquired in settlement of loans 

94 

(82) 

Revaluation of payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement 

32,940 

551 

(1,695) 

Other 

3,683 

3,302 

3,167 

Total net revenues 

955,463 

931,887 

713,110 

Expenses 

Compensation 

358,721 

342,153 

274,262 

Servicing 

117,696 

85,857 

68,085 

Technology 

52,013 

35,322 

25,164 

Occupancy and equipment 

22,615 

17,140 

8,056 

Loan origination 

20,429 

22,528 

17,396 

Professional services 

17,845 

18,078 

15,473 

Marketing 

9,118 

5,264 

5,664 

Other 

21,117 

22,462 

19,817 

Total expenses 

619,554 

548,804 

433,917 

Income before provision for income taxes 

335,909 

383,083 

279,193 

Provision for income taxes 

24,387 

46,103 

31,635 

Net income 

311,522 

336,980 

247,558 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

210,765 

270,901 

200,330 

Net income attributable to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. common stockholders 

100,757 

66,079 

47,228 

Earnings per share 

Basic 

4.34 

2.98 

2.17 

Diluted 

4.03 

2.94 

2.17 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 

23,199 

22,161 

21,755 

Diluted 

24,999 

76,629 

76,104 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUIT Y 

Class A Common Stock 

Noncontrolling 

interest in Private 

Additional 

National Mortgage 

Number of 

Par 

paid-in 

Retained 

Acceptance 

shares 

value 

capital 

earnings 

Company, LLC 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Balance at December 31, 2014 

21,578 

2 

162,720 

51,242 

593,302 

807,266 

Net income 

47,228 

200,330 

247,558 

Stock and unit-based compensation 

77 

5,017 

12,504 

17,521 

Distributions 

(9,630) 

(9,630) 

Issuance of Class A common stock in settlement of directors' fees 

17 

297 

297 

Exchange of Class A units of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC to Class A common stock of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

319 

4,982 

(4,982) 

Tax effect of exchange of Class A units of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC to Class A common stock of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

(662) 

(662) 

Balance at December 31, 2015 

21,991 

2 

172,354 

98,470 

791,524 

1,062,350 

Net income 

66,079 

270,901 

336,980 

Stock and unit-based compensation 

111 

4,646 

11,701 

16,347 

Distributions 

(15,216) 

(15,216) 

Issuance of Class A common stock in settlement of directors' fees 

24 

313 

313 

Exchange of Class A units of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC to Class A common stock of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

301 

6,877 

(6,877) 

Tax effect of exchange of Class A units of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC to Class A common stock of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

(1,418) 

(1,418) 

Balance at December 31, 2016 

22,427 

2 

182,772 

164,549 

1,052,033 

1,399,356 

Net income 

100,757 

210,765 

311,522 

Stock and unit-based compensation 

7,545 

14,406 

21,951 

Issuance of Class A common stock in settlement of directors' fees 

160 

178 

338 

Repurchase of Class A common stock 

(505) 

(8,599) 

(8,599) 

Exchange of Class A units of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC to Class A common stock of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

1,608 

27,119 

(27,119) 

Tax effect of exchange of Class A units of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC to Class A common stock of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

(4,894) 

(4,894) 

Balance of December 31, 2017 

23,530 

2 

204,103 

265,306 

1,250,263 

1,719,674 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW S 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Cash flow from operating activities 

Net income 

311,522 

336,980 

247,558 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

(391,804) 

(531,780) 

(320,715) 

Accrual of servicing rebate payable to Investment Funds 

129 

306 

1,269 

Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights, mortgage servicing liabilities and excess servicing spread 

273,238 

300,275 

153,129 

Carried Interest from Investment Funds 

1,040 

(980) 

(2,628) 

Capitalization of interest on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

(44,922) 

(29,234) 

(16,875) 

Accrual of interest on excess servicing spread financing 

16,951 

22,601 

25,365 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and premiums 

6,348 

11,052 

7,775 

Change in fair value of investment in common shares of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

23 

(83) 

437 

Repricing of payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement 

(32,940) 

(551) 

1,695 

Results of real estate acquired in settlement in loans 

(94) 

82 

Stock-based compensation expense 

20,697 

16,198 

17,521 

Provision for servicing advance losses 

43,249 

35,503 

29,782 

Loss from disposition of fixed assets and impairment of capitalized software 

1,336 

Depreciation and amortization 

8,395 

5,849 

2,423 

Purchase of mortgage loans held for sale from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

(42,624,288) 

(42,051,505) 

(31,490,920) 

Originations of mortgage loans held for sale 

(5,557,244) 

(6,491,107) 

(4,143,240) 

Purchase of mortgage loans from Ginnie Mae securities and early buyout investors for modification and subsequent sale 

(3,957,384) 

(2,168,685) 

(1,116,700) 

Sale and principal payments of mortgage loans held for sale to non-affiliates 

50,235,245 

49,633,909 

36,679,638 

Sale of mortgage loans held for sale to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

904,097 

21,541 

28,445 

Repurchase of mortgage loans subject to representations and warranties 

(20,324) 

(19,248) 

(22,601) 

Increase in servicing advances 

(15,675) 

(85,955) 

(100,506) 

Collection of Carried Interest 

61,314 

Sale of real estate acquired in settlement of loans 

4,655 

(Increase) decrease in receivable from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

(11,475) 

2,969 

7,637 

Decrease (increase) in receivable from Investment Funds 

673 

(209) 

(294) 

Decrease in deferred tax asset 

18,668 

29,726 

Increase in other assets 

(46,068) 

(19,282) 

(18,100) 

(Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

(41,412) 

33,041 

26,307 

Decrease in payable to Investment Funds 

(17,966) 

(10,036) 

(5,479) 

(Decrease) increase in payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

(34,076) 

5,589 

37,627 

Payments to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement 

(6,726) 

(5,132) 

Increase in income taxes payable 

29,901 

25,570 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(883,585) 

(938,522) 

53,144 

Cash flow from investing activities 

Increase in short-term investments 

(84,116) 

(39,645) 

(24,632) 

Net settlement of derivative financial instruments used for hedging 

(36,618) 

(27,315) 

2,033 

Purchase of mortgage servicing rights 

(178,531) 

(146) 

(382,824) 

Purchase of furniture, fixtures, equipment and leasehold improvements 

(6,791) 

(21,852) 

(9,122) 

Acquisition of capitalized software 

(16,992) 

(8,537) 

(2,782) 

Sale of assets purchased from PMT under agreement to resell 

5,872 

Advance on financing receivable from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

(168,546) 

Repayment of financing receivable from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

18,546 

(Increase) decrease in margin deposits and restricted cash 

(22,055) 

62,756 

4,185 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(339,231) 

(34,739) 

(563,142) 

Cash flow from financing activities 

Sale of assets under agreements to repurchase 

35,698,381 

45,925,047 

33,125,237 

Repurchase of assets sold under agreements to repurchase 

(35,054,437) 

(45,355,531) 

(33,187,830) 

Issuance of mortgage loan participation certificates 

23,011,607 

32,336,793 

17,722,964 

Repayment of mortgage loan participation certificates 

(23,155,463) 

(31,900,130) 

(17,631,704) 

Advances on notes payable 

935,000 

122,920 

352,243 

Repayment of notes payable 

(186,935) 

(33,661) 

(29,411) 

Advances of obligations under capital lease 

10,298 

16,952 

13,579 

Repayment of obligations under capital lease 

(12,751) 

(7,107) 

Issuance of excess servicing spread financing 

271,554 

Repayment of excess servicing spread financing 

(54,980) 

(69,992) 

(78,578) 

Settlement of excess servicing spread financing 

(59,045) 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

(22,201) 

(11,747) 

(9,210) 

Consideration reecived for acceptance of mortgage servicing liability 

10,139 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock options 

1,254 

149 

Repurchase of common stock 

(8,599) 

Distribution to Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC members 

(7,631) 

(9,630) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

1,161,174 

967,156 

539,214 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

(61,642) 

(6,105) 

29,216 

Cash at beginning of year 

99,367 

105,472 

76,256 

Cash at end of year 

37,725 

99,367 

105,472 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 Organization 

PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. PFSI or the Company was formed as a Delaware corporation on December 31, 2012. Pursuant to a reorganization, the Company became a holding corporation and its primary asset is an equity interest in Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC PennyMac ). The Company is the managing member of PennyMac, and it operates and controls all of the businesses and affairs of PennyMac, subject to the consent rights of other members under certain circumstances, and consolidates the financial results of PennyMac and its subsidiaries. 

PennyMac is a Delaware limited liability company which, through its subsidiaries, engages in mortgage banking and investment management activities. PennyMac s mortgage banking activities consist of residential mortgage loan production and mortgage loan servicing. PennyMac s investment management activities and a portion of its mortgage loan servicing activities are conducted on behalf of investment vehicles that invest in residential mortgage loans and related assets. PennyMac s primary wholly owned subsidiaries are: 

PNMAC Capital Management, LLC PCM a Delaware limited liability company registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. PCM enters into investment management agreements with entities that invest in residential mortgage loans and related assets. 

Presently, PCM has management agreements with PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund, LLC and PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund, L.P., (the Master Fund ), both registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, an affiliate of these registered funds, PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund Investors, LLC (collectively, the Investment Funds ), and PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust PMT ), a publicly held real estate investment trust REIT ). Together, the Investment Funds and PMT are referred to as the Advised Entities. In 2017, the Investment Funds sold substantially all of their investments. PCM expects to complete liquidation of the Investment Funds during 2018. 

PennyMac Loan Services, LLC PLS a Delaware limited liability company that services portfolios of residential mortgage loans on behalf of non-affiliates and the Advised Entities, purchases, originates and sells new prime credit quality residential mortgage loans and engages in other mortgage banking activities for its own account and the account of PMT . 

PLS is approved as a seller/servicer of mortgage loans by the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac and as an issuer of securities guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae ). PLS is a licensed Federal Housing Administration Nonsupervised Title II Lender with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development HUD and a lender/servicer with the Veterans Administration VA and U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA (each an Agency and collectively the Agencies ). 

PNMAC Opportunity Fund Associates, LLC PMOFA a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of the Master Fund. PMOFA is entitled to incentive fees representing allocations of profits Carried Interest from the Master Fund . 

Note 2 Concentration of Risk 

A substantial portion of the Company s activities relate to the Advised Entities. Revenues generated from these entities (generally comprised of gains on mortgage loans held for sale, mortgage loan origination fees, fulfillment fees, mortgage loan servicing fees, management fees, Carried Interest, and net interest charged to these entities) totaled 20 , 18 , and 16 of total net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

F-7 

Table of Contents 

Note 3 Significant Accounting Policies 

A description of the Company s significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements follows. 

Basis of Presentation 

The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP as codified in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification (the ASC or the Codification ). 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of PFSI, PennyMac and all of its wholly owned subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results will likely differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value 

Most of the Company s assets and certain of its liabilities are measured based on their fair values. The Company groups its assets and liabilities at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the observability of the inputs used to determine fair value. These levels are: 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 Prices determined or determinable using other significant observable inputs. Observable inputs are inputs that other market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability and are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. These may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities, interest rates, prepayment speeds, credit risk and other inputs. 

Level 3 Prices determined using significant unobservable inputs. In situations where observable inputs are unavailable, unobservable inputs may be used. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company s own judgments about the factors that market participants use in pricing an asset or liability, and are based on the best information available in the circumstances. 

As a result of the difficulty in observing certain significant valuation inputs affecting Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities, the Company is required to make judgments regarding their fair values. Different persons in possession of the same facts may reasonably arrive at different conclusions as to the inputs to be applied in valuing these assets and liabilities and their fair values. Likewise, due to the general illiquidity of some of these assets and liabilities, subsequent transactions may be at values significantly different from those reported. 

Short Term Investments 

Short term investments, which represent investments in accounts with a depository institution such as money market funds, are carried at fair value. Changes in fair value are recognized in current period income. The Company classifies its short term investments as Level 1 fair value assets. 

F-8 

Table of Contents 

Mortgage Loans Held for Sale at Fair Value 

Management has elected to account for mortgage loans held for sale at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in current period income, to more timely reflect the Company s performance. All changes in fair value, including changes arising from the passage of time, are recognized as a component of Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value . The Company classifies most of the mortgage loans held for sale at fair value as Level 2 fair value assets. Certain of the Company s mortgage loans held for sale may not be readily saleable due to identified defects or delinquency. Such mortgage loans are classified as Level 3 fair value assets. 

Sale Recognition 

The Company recognizes transfers of mortgage loans as sales when it surrenders control over the mortgage loans. Control over transferred mortgage loans is deemed to be surrendered when (i) the mortgage loans have been isolated from the Company, (ii) the transferee has the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred mortgage loans, and (iii) the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred mortgage loans through either (a) an agreement that entitles and obligates the Company to repurchase or redeem them before their maturity or (b) the ability to unilaterally cause the holder to return the specific mortgage loans. 

Interest Income Recognition 

Interest income on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value is recognized over the life of the mortgage loans using their contractual interest rates. Income recognition is suspended and the unpaid interest receivable is reversed against interest income when mortgage loans become 90 days delinquent, or when, in management s opinion, a full recovery of interest and principal becomes doubtful. Income recognition is resumed when the mortgage loan becomes contractually current. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

The Company holds and issues derivative financial instruments in connection with its operating activities. Derivative financial instruments are created as a result of certain of the Company s operations and the Company also enters into derivative transactions as part of its interest rate risk management activities. Derivative financial instruments created as a result of the Company s operations include: 

Interest rate lock commitments IRLCs that are created when the Company commits to purchase or originate a mortgage loan acquired for sale at specified interest rates. 

Derivatives that are embedded in a master repurchase agreement with a non-affiliate that provides for the Company to receive incentives for financing mortgage loans that satisfy certain consumer relief characteristics as provided in the master repurchase agreement. 

The Company is exposed to price risk relative to its mortgage loans held for sale as well as to IRLCs. The Company bears price risk from the time a commitment to fund a mortgage loan is made to a borrower or to purchase a mortgage loan from PMT, to the time the mortgage loan is sold. During this period, the Company is exposed to losses if mortgage market interest rates increase, because the fair value of the purchase commitment or prospective mortgage loan decreases. The Company also is exposed to risk relative to the fair value of its mortgage servicing rights MSRs when interest rates decrease. 

The Company engages in interest rate risk management activities in an effort to reduce the variability of earnings caused by changes in market interest rates. To manage this fair value risk resulting from interest rate risk, the Company uses derivative financial instruments acquired with the intention of reducing the risk that changes in market interest rates will result in unfavorable changes in the fair value of the Company s IRLCs, inventory of mortgage loans held for sale and MSRs. 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

IRLCs are accounted for as derivative financial instruments. The Company manages the risk created by IRLCs relating to mortgage loans held for sale by entering into forward sale agreements to sell the mortgage loans and by the purchase and sale of mortgage backed securities MBS options and futures. Such agreements are also accounted for as derivative financial instruments. These instruments and other interest-rate derivatives are also used to manage the risk created by changes in prepayment speeds on certain of the MSRs the Company holds. The Company classifies its IRLCs as Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities and the derivative financial instruments it acquires to manage the risks created by IRLCs, mortgage loans held for sale and MSRs as Level 1 or Level 2 fair value assets and liabilities. 

The Company accounts for its derivative financial instruments as free standing derivatives. The Company does not designate its derivative financial instruments for hedge accounting. All derivative financial instruments are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value with changes in the fair values being reported in current period income. Changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments hedging IRLCs, mortgage loans held for sale at fair value and MSRs are included in Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value or in Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities, as applicable, in the Company s consolidated statements of income. Changes in fair value of derivative assets relating to a master repurchase agreement are included in Interest expense . 

When the Company has multiple derivative financial instruments with the same counterparty subject to a master netting arrangement, it offsets the amounts recorded as assets and liabilities and amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral it has deposited with the counterparty or the obligation to return cash collateral it has collected from the counterparty arising from that master netting arrangement. Such offset amounts are presented as either a net asset or liability by counterparty on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

Servicing Advances 

Servicing advances represent advances made on behalf of borrowers and the mortgage loans investors to fund property taxes, insurance premiums and out-of-pocket collection costs (e.g., preservation and restoration of mortgaged or real estate owned property, legal fees, and appraisals). Servicing advances are made in accordance with the Company s servicing agreements and, when made, are deemed recoverable. The Company periodically reviews servicing advances for collectability and provides a valuation allowance for amounts estimated to be uncollectable. Servicing advances are written off when they are deemed uncollectable. 

Carried Interest Due from Investment Funds 

Carried Interest, in general terms, is the share of any profits in excess of specified levels that the general partners receive as compensation. The Company has a general partnership interest or other Carried Interest arrangement with the Investment Funds, and earns Carried Interest thereunder. The amount of Carried Interest to be recorded each period is based on the cash flows that would be realized by all partners assuming liquidation of the Investment Funds remaining investments as of the measurement date. The Company receives Carried Interest in the priority of distribution as provided in the charter documents relating to the respective Investment Funds. 

Investment in PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust at Fair Value 

Common shares of beneficial interest in PMT are carried at their fair value with changes in fair value recognized in current period income. Fair value for purposes of the Company s holdings in PMT is based on the published closing price of the shares as of period end. The Company classifies its investment in common shares of PMT as a Level 1 fair value asset. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights and Mortgage Servicing Liabilities 

MSRs and mortgage servicing liabilities MSLs arise from contractual agreements between the Company and investors (or their agents) in mortgage securities and mortgage loans. Under these contracts, the Company performs mortgage loan servicing functions in exchange for fees and other remuneration. The servicing functions typically performed include, among other responsibilities, collecting and remitting loan payments; responding to borrower 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

inquiries; accounting for principal and interest; holding custodial (impound) funds for payment of property taxes and insurance premiums; counseling delinquent mortgagors; supervising the acquisition of real estate in settlement of loans REO and property disposition. REO represents real estate that collateralized the mortgage loans before the properties were acquired in settlement of loans. 

The fair value of MSRs and MSLs is derived from the net positive or negative, respectively, cash flows associated with the servicing contracts. The Company receives a servicing fee ranging generally from 0.19 to 0.57 annually, net of related guarantee fees, on the remaining outstanding principal balances of the mortgage loans subject to the servicing contracts. The servicing fees are collected from the monthly payments made by the mortgagors. The Company is contractually entitled to receive other remuneration including rights to various mortgagor contracted fees such as late charges and collateral reconveyance charges, and the Company is generally entitled to retain the interest earned on funds held pending remittance related to its collection of mortgagor payments. The Company also generally has the right to solicit the mortgagors for other products and services as well as for new mortgages for those considering refinancing or purchasing a new home. 

The Company recognizes MSRs and MSLs initially at fair value, either as proceeds from or liabilities incurred in, sales of mortgage loans where the Company assumes the obligation to service the mortgage loan in the sale transaction, or from the purchase of MSRs or receipt of cash for acceptance of MSLs. 

The Company s subsequent accounting for MSRs and MSLs is based on the class of MSR or MSL. The Company has identified three classes of MSRs: originated MSRs backed by mortgage loans with initial interest rates of less than or equal to 4.5 ; MSRs backed by mortgage loans with initial interest rates of more than 4.5 ; and purchased MSRs financed in part through the transfer of the right to receive excess servicing spread ESS cash flows. Originated MSRs backed by mortgage loans with initial interest rates of less than or equal to 4.5 are accounted for using the amortization method. Originated MSRs backed by loans with initial interest rates of more than 4.5 and purchased MSRs financed in part by ESS are accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in current period income. MSLs are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in current period income. 

The fair value of MSRs and MSLs is difficult to determine because MSRs and MSLs are not actively traded in observable stand alone markets. Considerable judgment is required to estimate the fair values of MSRs and MSLs and the exercise of such judgment can significantly affect the Company s income. Therefore, the Company classifies its MSRs and MSLs as Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities. 

MSRs and MSLs are generally subject to reduction in fair value when mortgage interest rates decrease. Decreasing mortgage interest rates normally encourage increased mortgage refinancing activity. Increased refinancing activity reduces the expected life of the mortgage loans underlying the MSRs and MSLs, thereby reducing their fair value. Reductions in the fair value of MSRs and MSLs affect earnings primarily through change in fair value and impairment charges. For MSRs backed by mortgage loans with historically low mortgage interest rates, factors other than interest rates (such as housing price changes) take on increasing influence on prepayment behavior of the underlying mortgage loans. 

MSRs Accounted for Using the Amortization Method 

The Company amortizes MSRs that are accounted for using the amortization method. MSR amortization is determined by applying the ratio of the net MSR cash flows projected for the current period to the estimated total remaining projected net MSR cash flows. The estimated total net MSR cash flows are determined at the beginning of each month using prepayment inputs applicable at that time. 

MSRs accounted for using the amortization method are periodically evaluated for impairment. Impairment occurs when the current fair value of the MSRs decreases below the asset s amortized cost. If MSRs are impaired, the impairment is recognized in current period income and the carrying value (carrying value is the MSR s amortized cost reduced by any related valuation allowance) of the MSRs is adjusted through a valuation allowance. If the fair value of impaired MSRs subsequently increases, the increase in fair value is recognized in current period income. When an 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

increase in fair value of MSR is recognized, the valuation allowance is adjusted to increase the carrying value of the MSRs only to the extent of the valuation allowance. 

For impairment evaluation purposes, the Company stratifies its MSRs by predominant risk characteristic when evaluating for impairment. For purposes of performing its MSR impairment evaluation, the Company stratifies its servicing portfolio on the basis of certain risk characteristics including mortgage loan type (fixed rate or adjustable rate) and note interest rate. Fixed rate mortgage loans are stratified into note rate pools of 50 basis points for note rates between 3.0 and 4.5 and a single pool for note rates of less than or equal to 3.0 . If the fair value of MSRs in any of the note interest rate pools is below the carrying value of the MSRs for that pool, impairment is recognized to the extent of the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of that pool. 

Management periodically reviews the various impairment strata to determine whether the fair value of the impaired MSRs in a given stratum is likely to recover. When management deems recovery of the fair value to be unlikely in the foreseeable future, a write down of the cost of the MSRs for that stratum to its estimated recoverable value is charged to the valuation allowance. 

Both amortization and changes in the amount of the MSR valuation allowance are recorded in current period income in Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities in the consolidated statements of income. 

MSRs and MSLs Accounted for at Fair Value 

Changes in fair value of MSLs and MSRs accounted for at fair value are recognized in current period income in Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights in the consolidated statements of income. 

Furniture, Fixtures, Equipment and Building Improvements 

Furniture, fixtures, equipment and building improvements are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the various classes of assets, which range from five to seven years for furniture and equipment and the lesser of the asset s estimated useful life or the remaining lease term for fixtures and building improvements. 

Capitalized Software 

The Company capitalizes certain consulting, payroll, and payroll related costs related to computer software developed for internal use. Once development is complete and the software is placed in service, the Company amortizes the capitalized costs over five to seven years using the straight line method. 

The Company also periodically assesses capitalized software for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. If management identifies an indicator of impairment, it assesses recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and the eventual disposal of the asset. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount is not recoverable and is measured as the excess of carrying value over fair value. 

Mortgage Loans Eligible for Repurchase 

The terms of the Ginnie Mae MBS program allow, but do not require, the Company to repurchase mortgage loans when the borrower has made no payments for three consecutive months. As a result of this right, the Company recognizes the mortgage loans in Mortgage loans eligible for repurchase at their unpaid principal balances and records a corresponding liability in Liability for mortgage loans eligible for repurchase on its consolidated balance sheets. 

F-12 

Table of Contents 

Borrowings 

The carrying value of borrowings other than ESS are based on the accrued cost of the agreements. The costs of creating the facilities underlying the agreements are included in the carrying value of the agreements and are amortized to Interest expense over the terms of the respective borrowing facilities: 

Debt issuance costs relating to revolving facilities, such as repurchase agreement and mortgage loan participation purchase and sale facilities are amortized on the straight line basis over the term of the facility; 

Debt issuance cost relating to non-revolving debts, such as Notes payable are amortized using the interest method; 

Premiums recorded as the results of recognition of repurchase agreement derivatives are amortized to Interest expense over the contractual term of the repurchase agreement. Unamortized premiums relating to repurchase agreements repaid before the transaction s contractual maturity are credited to Interest expense . 

Excess Servicing Spread Financing at Fair Value 

The Company finances certain of its purchases of Agency MSRs through the sale to PMT of the right to receive the excess of the servicing fee rate over a specified rate of the underlying MSRs. This excess is referred to as the ESS. ESS is carried at its fair value. Changes in fair value are recognized in current period income in Change in fair value of excess servicing spread payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust . 

Interest expense for ESS is accrued using the interest method based upon the expected cash flows from the ESS through the expected life of the underlying mortgage loans. 

Liability for Losses Under Representations and Warranties 

The Company provides for its estimate of the losses that it expects to incur in the future as a result of its breach of the representations and warranties that it provides to the purchasers and insurers of the mortgage loans it has sold. The Company s agreements with the Agencies and other investors include representations and warranties related to the mortgage loans the Company sells to the Agencies and other investors. The representations and warranties require adherence to Agency and other investor origination and underwriting guidelines, including but not limited to the validity of the lien securing the mortgage loan, property eligibility, borrower credit, income and asset requirements, and compliance with applicable federal, state and local law. 

In the event of a breach of its representations and warranties, the Company may be required to either repurchase the mortgage loans with the identified defects or indemnify the investor or insurer. In such cases, the Company bears any subsequent credit loss on the mortgage loans. The Company s credit loss may be reduced by any recourse it may realize from correspondent mortgage loan sellers that, in turn, had sold such mortgage loans to PMT and breached similar or other representations and warranties. In such event, the Company has the right to seek a recovery of related repurchase losses from that correspondent mortgage loan sellers, through PMT. 

The Company records a provision for losses relating to representations and warranties as part of its mortgage loan sale transactions. The method used to estimate the liability for representations and warranties is a function of the representations and warranties given and considers a combination of factors, including, but not limited to, estimated future defaults and mortgage loan repurchase rates, the estimated severity of loss in the event of default and the probability of reimbursement by the correspondent mortgage loan seller. The Company establishes a liability at the time mortgage loans are sold and periodically updates its liability estimate. The level of the liability for representations and warranties is reviewed and approved by the Company s management credit committee. 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

The level of the liability for representations and warranties is difficult to estimate and requires considerable management judgment. The level of mortgage loan repurchase losses is dependent on economic factors, investor repurchase demand or insurer claim denial strategies, and other external conditions that may change over the lives of the underlying mortgage loans. The Company s representations and warranties are generally not subject to stated limits of exposure. However, the Company believes that the current unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans sold to date represents the maximum exposure to repurchases related to representations and warranties. 

Fulfillment Fees 

Fulfillment fees represent fees the Company collects for services it performs on behalf of PMT in connection with the acquisition, packaging and sale of mortgage loans. Fulfillment fee amounts are based upon a negotiated fee schedule and the unpaid principal balance of the mortgage loans purchased by PMT. The Company s obligation under the agreement is fulfilled when PMT completes the sale or securitization of a mortgage loan it purchases. Fulfillment fees are generally collected within 30 days of purchase by PMT, although a portion of the fulfillment fees may not be collected until 30 days following sale or securitization to the extent such sale or securitization does not occur in the month of purchase. Fulfillment fee revenue is recognized in the month the fee is earned. 

Mortgage Loan Servicing Fees 

Mortgage loan servicing fees are received by the Company for servicing residential mortgage loans. Mortgage loan servicing activities include loan administration, collection, and default management, including the collection and remittance of loan payments; response to customer inquiries; accounting for principal and interest; holding custodial (impounded) funds for the payment of property taxes and insurance premiums; counseling delinquent mortgagors; and supervising foreclosures and REO property dispositions. 

Mortgage loan servicing fee amounts are based upon fee schedules established by the applicable investor and on the unpaid principal balance of the mortgage loans serviced in the case of prime mortgage loans or the applicable mortgage loan s collection status in the case of special servicing. 

The Company s obligations under its mortgage loan servicing agreements are fulfilled as the Company services the mortgage loans and are collected when the mortgage loan payments are received from the borrowers in the case of prime mortgage loan servicing or within 30 days of the applicable month-end from the investor for special servicing. 

Prime mortgage loan servicing fees are recorded net of Agency guarantee fees paid by the Company and are recognized when the mortgage loan payments are received from the borrowers. Mortgage loan servicing fees relating to special servicing are recognized in the month in which the mortgage loans are serviced. 

Management fees 

Management fees represent compensation to the Company for its management services provided to the Advised Entities. Management fees are earned based on the Investment Funds net assets and PMT s shareholders equity amounts and profitability in excess of specified thresholds, and are recognized as services are provided and are paid to the Company on a quarterly basis within 30 days of the end of the quarter. 

Stock Based Compensation 

The Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan provides for awards of nonstatutory and incentive stock options, time based restricted stock units, performance based restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance units and stock grants. The Company establishes the cost of its share-based awards at the awards fair values at the grant date of the awards. The Company estimates the fair value of time based restricted stock units and performance based restricted stock units awarded with reference to the fair value of its underlying common stock and expected forfeiture rates on the date of the award. The Company estimates the fair value of its stock option awards with reference to the expected price volatility of its shares of common stock and risk-free interest rate for the period that exercisable stock options are expected to be outstanding. 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

Compensation costs are fixed, except for performance based restricted stock units, as of the award date as all grantees are employees of PennyMac or directors of the Company. The cost of performance based restricted stock units is adjusted in each reporting period after the grant for changes in expected performance attainment until the performance share units vest. The Company amortizes the cost of stock based awards to compensation expense over the vesting period using the graded vesting method. Expense relating to awards is included in Compensation expense in the consolidated statements of income. 

Income Taxes 

The Company is subject to federal and state income taxes. Income taxes are provided using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 

The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period in which the change occurs. A valuation allowance is established if, in management s judgment, it is not more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be realized. 

The Company recognizes tax benefits relating to its tax positions only if, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authority. A tax position that meets this standard is recognized as the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the appropriate taxing authority. The Company will classify any penalties and interest as a component of provision for income taxes. 

As a result of the PennyMac recapitalization and reorganization in 2013, the Company expects to benefit from amortization and other tax deductions due to increases in the tax basis of PennyMac s assets from the exchange of PennyMac Class A units to the shares of the Company s common stock. Those deductions will be allocated to the Company and will be taken into account in reporting the Company s taxable income. The Company has entered into an agreement with the unitholders of PennyMac that will provide for the additional payment by the Company to exchanging unitholders of PennyMac equal to 85 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that PFSI realizes due to (i) increases in tax basis resulting from exchanges of the then existing unitholders and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to PFSI entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. 

Note 4 Transactions with Affiliates 

Transactions with PMT 

Operating Activities 

Mortgage Loan Production Activities and MSR Recapture 

The Company provides fulfillment and other services to PMT under a mortgage banking services agreement for which it receives a fulfillment fee. Before September 12, 2016, the fulfillment fee was based on the type of mortgage loan that PMT acquired and equal to a percentage of the unpaid principal balance UPB of such mortgage loan. The applicable fulfillment fee percentages were (i) 0.50 for conventional mortgage loans, (ii) 0.88 for loans sold in accordance with the Ginnie Mae Mortgage Backed Securities Guide, and (iii) 0.50 for all other mortgage loans not contemplated above; provided, however, that the Company was permitted, in its sole discretion, to reduce the amount of the applicable fulfillment fee and credit the amount of such reduction to the reimbursement otherwise due as described below. This reduction was only credited to the reimbursement applicable to the month in which the related mortgage loan was funded. 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the terms of an amended and restated mortgage banking services agreement, the monthly fulfillment fee is an amount that shall equal (a) no greater than the product of (i) 0.35 and (ii) the aggregate initial unpaid principal balance (the Initial UPB of all mortgage loans purchased in such month, plus (b) in the case of all mortgage loans other than mortgage loans sold to or securitized through Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, no greater than the product of (i) 0.50 and (ii) the aggregate Initial UPB of all such mortgage loans sold and securitized in such month; provided, however, that no fulfillment fee shall be due or payable to the Company with respect to any mortgage loans underwritten to the Ginnie Mae Mortgage Backed Securities Guide. PMT does not hold the Ginnie Mae approval required to issue Ginnie Mae MBS and act as a servicer. Accordingly, under the agreement, the Company currently purchases mortgage loans underwritten in accordance with the Ginnie Mae Mortgage-Backed Securities Guide as is and without recourse of any kind from PMT at PMT s cost less an administrative fee plus accrued interest and a sourcing fee ranging from two to three and one-half basis points, generally based on the average number of calendar days mortgage loans are held by PMT before being purchased by the Company. 

In consideration for the mortgage banking services provided by the Company with respect to PMT s acquisition of mortgage loans under the Company s early purchase program, the Company is entitled to fees accruing (i) at a rate equal to 1,500 per year per early purchase facility administered by the Company, and (ii) in the amount of 35 for each mortgage loan that PMT acquires thereunder. 

The Company sells newly originated loans to PMT under a mortgage loan purchase agreement and a flow commercial mortgage loan purchase agreement. Historically, the Company has used the mortgage loan purchase agreement for the purpose of selling to PMT prime jumbo residential mortgage loans. Beginning in the quarter ended September 30, 2017, the Company also sells non-government insured or guaranteed mortgage loans to PMT under the mortgage loan purchase agreement. The Company sells to PMT small balance commercial mortgage loans, including multifamily mortgage loans, originated as part of its commercial lending activities using the flow commercial mortgage loan purchase agreement. 

Pursuant to the terms of an amended and restated MSR recapture agreement, effective September 12, 2016, if the Company refinances mortgage loans for which PMT previously held the MSRs, the Company is generally required to transfer and convey cash in an amount equal to 30 of the fair market value of the MSRs related to all the mortgage loans so originated. The MSR recapture agreement expires, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the agreement, on September 12, 2020, subject to automatic renewal for additional 18-month periods, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

Following is a summary of loan production activities and MSR recapture between the Company and PMT: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Net gain (loss) on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value: 

Net gain on mortgage loans held for sale to PMT 

28,238 

Mortgage servicing rights and excess servicing spread recapture incurred 

(6,249) 

(8,092) 

(7,836) 

21,989 

(8,092) 

(7,836) 

Fair value of mortgage loans sold to PMT 

904,097 

21,541 

28,445 

Fulfillment fee revenue 

80,359 

86,465 

58,607 

Unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans fulfilled for PMT 

22,971,119 

23,188,386 

14,014,603 

Sourcing fees paid to PMT 

12,084 

11,976 

8,966 

Unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans purchased from PMT 

40,561,241 

39,908,163 

29,867,580 

Tax service fees received from PMT included in Mortgage loan origination fees 

7,078 

6,690 

4,390 

Property management fees received from PMT included in Other income 

350 

138

14 

Early purchase program fees earned from PMT included in Mortgage loan servicing fees 

7 

30 

Mortgage Loan Servicing 

The Company has a mortgage loan servicing agreement with PMT Servicing Agreement ). The Servicing Agreement provides for servicing fees of per loan monthly amounts based on the delinquency, bankruptcy and/or foreclosure status of the serviced mortgage loan or the REO. The Company also remains entitled to customary ancillary income and market-based fees and charges relating to mortgage loans it services for PMT. These include boarding and deboarding fees, liquidation and disposition fees, assumption, modification and origination fees and a percentage of late charges. 

The base servicing fee rates for distressed whole mortgage loans range from 30 per month for current loans to 100 per month for loans where the borrower has declared bankruptcy. The base servicing fee rate for REO is 75 per month. 

To the extent the Company facilitates rentals of PMT's REO under its REO rental program, the Company collects an REO rental fee of 30 per month per REO, an REO property lease renewal fee of 100 per lease renewal, and a property management fee in an amount equal to the Company s cost if property management services and/or any related software costs are outsourced to a third-party property management firm or 9 of gross rental income if the Company provides property management services directly. The Company is also entitled to retain any tenant paid application fees and late rent fees and seek reimbursement for certain third-party vendor fees. 

Except as otherwise provided in the MSR recapture agreement, when the Company effects a refinancing of a mortgage loan on behalf of PMT and not through a third-party lender and the resulting mortgage loan is readily saleable, or the Company originates a loan to facilitate the disposition of an REO, the Company is entitled to receive from PMT market-based fees and compensation consistent with pricing and terms the Company offers unaffiliated parties on a retail basis. 

Because PMT has a small number of employees and limited infrastructure, the Company is required to provide a range of services and activities significantly greater in scope than the services provided in 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

connection with a customary servicing arrangement. For these services, the Company receives a supplemental servicing fee of 25 per month for each distressed mortgage loan. The Company is entitled to reimbursement for all customary, good faith reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Company in performance of its servicing obligations. 

The Company is entitled to retain any incentive payments made to it and to which it is entitled under the U.S. Department of Treasury s Home Affordable Modification Plan HAMP ); provided, however, that with respect to any such incentive payments paid to the Company in connection with a mortgage loan modification for which PMT previously paid the Company a modification fee, the Company is required to reimburse PMT an amount equal to the incentive payments. 

The Company is also entitled to certain activity-based fees for distressed whole mortgage loans that are charged based on the achievement of certain events. These fees range from 0.50 for a streamline modification to 1.50 for a liquidation and 500 for a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. The Company is not entitled to earn more than one liquidation fee, reperformance fee or modification fee per mortgage loan in any 18-month period. 

The base servicing fees for non-distressed mortgage loans are calculated through a monthly per-loan dollar amount, with the actual dollar amount for each loan based on whether the mortgage loan is a fixed-rate or adjustable-rate loan. The base servicing fee rates are 7.50 per month and 8.50 per month for fixed-rate loans and adjustable-rate loans, respectively. 

The Servicing Agreement expires on September 12, 2020, subject to automatic renewal for additional 18-month periods, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 

Following is a summary of mortgage loan servicing fees earned from PMT: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Mortgage loans acquired for sale at fair value: 

Base and supplemental 

305 

330 

260 

Activity-based 

649 

733 

371 

954 

1,063 

631 

Mortgage loans at fair value: 

Base and supplemental 

6,650 

11,078 

16,123 

Activity-based 

8,960 

18,521 

12,437 

15,610 

29,599 

28,560 

Mortgage servicing rights: 

Base and supplemental 

25,991 

19,461 

16,911 

Activity-based 

509 

492 

321 

26,500 

19,953 

17,232 

43,064 

50,615 

46,423 

Investment Management Activities 

The Company has a management agreement with PMT Management Agreement ). The Management Agreement provides that: 

The base management fee is calculated quarterly and is equal to the sum of (i) 1.5 per year of PMT s average shareholders equity up to 2 billion, (ii) 1.375 per year of PMT s average shareholders equity in excess of 2 billion and up to 5 billion, and (iii) 1.25 per year of PMT s average shareholders equity in excess of 5 billion. 

F-18 

Table of Contents 

The performance incentive fee is calculated quarterly at a defined annualized percentage of the amount by which PMT s net income, on a rolling four quarter basis and before deducting the incentive fee, exceeds certain levels of return on equity. 

The performance incentive fee is equal to the sum of: (a) 10 of the amount by which PMT s net income attributable to its common shares of beneficial interest for the quarter exceeds (i) an 8 return on equity plus the high watermark, up to (ii) a 12 return on PMT s equity; plus (b) 15 of the amount by which PMT s net income for the quarter exceeds (i) a 12 return on PMT s equity plus the high watermark, up to (ii) a 16 return on PMT s equity; plus (c) 20 of the amount by which PMT s net income for the quarter exceeds a 16 return on equity plus the high watermark. 

For the purpose of determining the amount of the performance incentive fee: 

Net income is defined as net income or loss attributable to its common shares of beneficial interest computed in accordance with GAAP adjusted for certain other non cash charges determined after discussions between the Company and PMT s independent trustees and approval by a majority of PMT s independent trustees. 

Equity is the weighted average of the issue price per common share of all of PMT s public offerings, multiplied by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding (including restricted share units) in the rolling four quarter period. 

The high watermark is the quarterly adjustment that reflects the amount by which the net income (stated as a percentage of return on equity) in that quarter exceeds or falls short of the lesser of 8 and the average Fannie Mae 30 year MBS yield (the Target Yield for the four quarters then ended. If the net income is lower than the Target Yield, the high watermark is increased by the difference. If the net income is higher than the Target Yield, the high watermark is reduced by the difference. Each time a performance incentive fee is earned, the high watermark returns to zero. As a result, the threshold amounts required for the Company to earn a performance incentive fee are adjusted cumulatively based on the performance of PMT s net income over (or under) the Target Yield, until the net income in excess of the Target Yield exceeds the then current cumulative high watermark amount, and a performance incentive fee is earned. 

The base management fee and the performance incentive fee are both receivable quarterly in arrears. The performance incentive fee may be paid in cash or a combination of cash and PMT s common shares (subject to a limit of no more than 50 paid in common shares), at PMT s option. 

The Management Agreement expires on September 12, 2020, subject to automatic renewal for additional 18-month periods, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the agreement. In the event of termination of the Management Agreement between PMT and the Company, the Company may be entitled to a termination fee in certain circumstances. The termination fee is equal to three times the sum of (a) the average annual base management fee, and (b) the average annual performance incentive fee earned by the Company, in each case during the 24-month period immediately preceding the date of termination. 

Following is a summary of the base management and performance incentive fees earned from PMT: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Base management 

22,280 

20,657 

22,851 

Performance incentive 

304 

1,343 

22,584 

20,657 

24,194 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

Expense Reimbursement 

Under the Management Agreement, PMT reimburses the Company for its organizational and operating expenses, including third-party expenses, incurred on PMT s behalf, it being understood that the Company and its affiliates shall allocate a portion of their personnel s time to provide certain legal, tax and investor relations services for the direct benefit of PMT. With respect to the allocation of the Company s and its affiliates personnel, from and after September 12, 2016, the Company shall be reimbursed 120,000 per fiscal quarter, such amount to be reviewed annually and not preclude reimbursement for any other services performed by the Company or its affiliates. 

PMT is also required to pay its pro rata portion of rent, telephone, utilities, office furniture, equipment, machinery and other office, internal and overhead expenses of the Company and its affiliates required for PMT s and its subsidiaries operations. These expenses will be allocated based on the ratio of PMT s proportion of gross assets compared to all remaining gross assets managed by the Company as calculated at each fiscal quarter end. 

The Company received reimbursements from PMT for expenses as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Reimbursement of: 

Common overhead incurred by the Company 

5,306 

7,898 

10,742 

Expenses incurred on PMT's (the Company's) behalf, net 

2,257 

(163) 

582 

7,563 

7,735 

11,324 

Payments and settlements during the period (1) 

64,945 

143,542 

99,967 

(1) 

Payments and settlements include payments for management fees and correspondent production activities itemized in the preceding tables and netting settlements made pursuant to master netting agreements between the Company and PMT. 

Conditional Reimbursement of Underwriting Fees 

In connection with its initial public offering of common shares of beneficial interest on August 4, 2009 IPO ), PMT conditionally agreed to reimburse the Company up to 2.9 million for underwriting fees paid to the IPO underwriters by the Company on PMT s behalf. In the event a termination fee is payable to the Company under the Management Agreement, and the Company has not received the full amount of the reimbursements and payments under the reimbursement agreement, such amount will be paid in full. The term of the reimbursement agreement expires on February 1, 2019. The Company received 30,000, 0 and 237,000 in reimbursement from PMT during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Investing Activities 

Master Repurchase Agreement 

On December 19, 2016, the Company, through PLS, entered into a master repurchase agreement with one of PMT s wholly-owned subsidiaries, PennyMac Holdings, LLC PMH (the PMH Repurchase Agreement ), pursuant to which PMH may borrow from the Company for the purpose of financing PMH s participation certificates representing beneficial ownership in ESS. PLS then re-pledges such participation certificates to PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST (the Issuer Trust under a master repurchase agreement by and among PLS, the Issuer Trust and PennyMac, as guarantor (the PC Repurchase Agreement ). The Issuer Trust was formed for the purpose of allowing PLS to finance MSRs and ESS relating to such MSRs (the GNMA MSR Facility ). 

In connection with the GNMA MSR Facility, PLS pledges and/or sells to the Issuer Trust participation certificates representing beneficial interests in MSRs and ESS pursuant to the terms of the PC Repurchase Agreement. In return, the Issuer Trust (a) has issued to PLS, pursuant to the terms of an indenture, the Series 2016-MSRVF1 Variable 

F-20 

Table of Contents 

Funding Note, dated December 19, 2016, known as the PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST MSR Collateralized Notes, Series 2016-MSRVF1 (the VFN ), and (b) has issued and may, from time to time pursuant to the terms of any supplemental indenture, issue to institutional investors additional term notes Term Notes ), in each case secured on a pari passu basis by the participation certificates relating to the MSRs and ESS. The maximum principal balance of the VFN is 1,000,000,000. 

The principal amount paid by PLS for the participation certificates under the PMH Repurchase Agreement is based upon a percentage of the market value of the underlying ESS. Upon PMH s repurchase of the participation certificates, PMH is required to repay PLS the principal amount relating thereto plus accrued interest (at a rate reflective of the current market and consistent with the weighted average note rate of the VFN and any outstanding Term Notes) to the date of such repurchase. PLS is then required to repay the Issuer Trust the corresponding amount under the PC Repurchase Agreement. 

Prior to the Company s entry into the PMH Repurchase Agreement and PC Repurchase Agreement in connection with the GNMA MSR Facility, the Company was a party to a repurchase agreement with Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC CSFB (the MSR Repo ), pursuant to which it financed Ginnie Mae MSRs and servicing advance receivables and pledged to CSFB all of its rights and interests in any Ginnie Mae MSRs it owned or acquired, and a separate acknowledgement agreement with respect thereto, by and among Ginnie Mae, CSFB and the Company. 

In connection with the MSR Repo described above, the Company and PMT entered into an underlying loan and security agreement, dated as of April 30, 2015, pursuant to which PMT was able to borrow up to 150 million from the Company for the purpose of financing ESS (the Underlying LSA ). In order to secure its borrowings, PMT pledged its ESS to the Company under the Underlying LSA and the Company, in turn, re-pledged such ESS to CSFB under the MSR Repo. The principal amount of the borrowings under the Underlying LSA was based upon a percentage of the market value of the ESS pledged by PMT, subject to the 150 million sublimit described above. Pursuant to the Underlying LSA, PMT granted to the Company a security interest in all of its right, title and interest in, to and under the ESS pledged to secure the borrowings. 

The Company and PMT agreed in connection with the Underlying LSA that PMT was required to repay the Company the principal amount of borrowings plus accrued interest to the date of such repayment, and the Company was required to repay CSFB the corresponding amount under the MSR Repo. Interest accrued on PMT s note relating to the Underlying LSA at a rate based on CSFB s cost of funds under the MSR Repo. PMT was also required to pay the Company a fee for the structuring of the Underlying LSA in an amount equal to the portion of the corresponding fee paid by the Company to CSFB and allocable to the 150 million relating to the ESS financing. The note receivable was replaced by the PMH Repurchase Agreement upon the closing of the GNMA MSR facility. 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

The Company holds an investment in PMT in the form of 75,000 common shares of beneficial interest. 

Following is a summary of investing activities between the Company and PMT: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Assets purchased from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust under agreements to resell: 

Activity during the year: 

Refinancing of note receivable from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

150,000 

Sale of assets purchased from PMT under agreement to resell 

5,872 

Interest income 

8,038 

253 

Balance at end of year 

144,128 

150,000 

Note receivable from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust: 

Activity during the year: 

Advances to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

168,546 

Repayments and refinancing with repurchase agreement from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

150,000 

18,546 

Interest income 

7,577 

3,343 

Balance at end of year 

150,000 

Common shares of beneficial interest of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust: 

Activity during the year: 

Dividends earned from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

141 

141 

207 

Change in fair value of investment in common shares of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

(23) 

83 

(437) 

118 

224 

(230) 

Balance at end of year: 

Fair value 

1,205 

1,228 

Number of shares 

75 

75 

Financing Activities 

Spread Acquisition and MSR Servicing Agreements 

Effective February 1, 2013, the Company entered into a master spread acquisition and MSR servicing agreement (the 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement ), pursuant to which it sold to PMT or one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries the rights to receive certain ESS from MSRs acquired by the Company from banks and other third party financial institutions. The Company was generally required to service or subservice the related mortgage loans for the applicable Agency or investor. The terms of each transaction under the 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement were subject to the terms thereof, as modified and supplemented by the terms of a confirmation executed in connection with such transaction. 

To the extent the Company refinanced any of the mortgage loans relating to the ESS sold to PMT, the 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement contained recapture provisions requiring that the Company transfer to PMT, at no cost, the ESS relating to a certain percentage of the UPB of the newly originated mortgage loans. To the extent the fair value of the aggregate ESS to be transferred for the applicable month was less than 200,000, the Company was, at its option, permitted to pay cash to PMT in an amount equal to such fair value instead of transferring such ESS. 

On February 29, 2016, the parties terminated the 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement and all amendments thereto. In connection with the termination of the 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement, PLS reacquired from PMH all of its right, title and interest in and to all of the Fannie Mae ESS previously sold by PLS to PMH and then subject to such 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement. 

F-22 

Table of Contents 

On December 19, 2014, the Company entered into a second master spread acquisition and MSR servicing agreement with PMT (the 12/19/14 Spread Acquisition Agreement ). The terms of the 12/19/14 Spread Acquisition Agreement are substantially similar to the terms of the 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement, except that the Company only intends to sell ESS relating to Freddie Mac MSRs under the 12/19/14 Spread Acquisition Agreement. 

To the extent the Company refinances any of the mortgage loans relating to the ESS it sells to PMT, the 12/19/14 Spread Acquisition Agreement also contains recapture provisions requiring that the Company transfer to PMT, at no cost, the ESS relating to a certain percentage of the UPB of the newly originated mortgage loans. To the extent the fair market value of the aggregate ESS to be transferred for the applicable month is less than 200,000, the Company may, at its option, pay cash to PMT in an amount equal to such fair market value in lieu of transferring such ESS. 

On February 29, 2016, PLS also reacquired from PMT all of its right, title and interest in and to all of the Freddie Mac ESS previously sold by PLS to PMT and then subject to such 12/19/14 Spread Acquisition Agreement. The 12/19/14 Spread Acquisition Agreement remains in full force and effect. 

On December 19, 2016, the Company amended and restated a third master spread acquisition and MSR servicing agreement with PMT (the 12/19/16 Spread Acquisition Agreement ). The terms of the 12/19/16 Spread Acquisition Agreement are substantially similar to the terms of the 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement and the 12/19/14 Spread Acquisition Agreement, except that the Company only intends to sell ESS relating to Ginnie Mae MSRs under the 12/19/16 Spread Acquisition Agreement. Pursuant to the 12/19/16 Spread Acquisition Agreement, the Company may sell to PMT, from time to time, the right to receive participation certificates representing beneficial ownership in ESS arising from Ginnie Mae MSRs acquired by the Company, in which case the Company generally would be required to service or subservice the related mortgage loans for Ginnie Mae. The primary purpose of the amendment and restatement was to facilitate the continued financing of the ESS owned by PMT in connection with the parties participation in the GNMA MSR Facility. 

To the extent the Company refinances any of the mortgage loans relating to the ESS it has acquired, the 12/19/16 Spread Acquisition Agreement also contains recapture provisions requiring that the Company transfer to PMT, at no cost, the ESS relating to a certain percentage of the unpaid principal balance of the newly originated mortgage loans. However, under the 12/19/16 Spread Acquisition Agreement, in any month where the transferred ESS relating to newly originated Ginnie Mae mortgage loans is not equivalent to at least 90 of the product of the excess servicing fee rate and the unpaid principal balance of the refinanced mortgage loans, the Company is also required to transfer additional ESS or cash in the amount of such shortfall. Similarly, in any month where the transferred ESS relating to modified Ginnie Mae mortgage loans is not equivalent to at least 90 of the product of the excess servicing fee rate and the unpaid principal balance of the modified mortgage loans, the 12/19/16 Spread Acquisition Agreement contains provisions that require the Company to transfer additional ESS or cash in the amount of such shortfall. To the extent the fair market value of the aggregate ESS to be transferred for the applicable month is less than 200,000, the Company may, at its option, wire cash to PMT in an amount equal to such fair market value in lieu of transferring such ESS. 

F-23 

Table of Contents 

Following is a summary of financing activities between the Company and PMT: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Excess servicing spread financing: 

Issuance: 

Cash 

271,554 

Pursuant to recapture agreement 

5,244 

6,603 

6,728 

Repayment 

54,980 

69,992 

78,578 

Settlement 

59,045 

Change in fair value 

(19,350) 

(23,923) 

(3,810) 

Interest expense 

16,951 

22,601 

25,365 

Recapture incurred pursuant to refinancings by the Company of mortgage loans subject to excess servicing spread financing included in Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

4,820 

6,529 

7,049 

Balance at end of year 

236,534 

288,669 

Receivable from and Payable to PMT 

Amounts due from and payable to PMT are summarized below: 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

Receivable from PMT: 

Allocated expenses and expenses incurred on PMT's behalf 

11,542 

1,046 

Servicing fees 

6,583 

5,465 

Management fees 

5,901 

5,081 

Correspondent production fees 

1,735 

2,371 

Conditional Reimbursement 

870 

900 

Fulfillment fees 

346 

1,300 

Interest on assets purchased under agreements to resell 

142 

253 

27,119 

16,416 

Payable to PMT: 

Deposits made by PMT to fund servicing advances 

132,844 

162,945 

Mortgage servicing rights recapture payable 

282 

707 

Other 

3,872 

6,384 

136,998 

170,036 

F-24 

Table of Contents 

Investment Funds 

The Company has investment management agreements with the Investment Funds pursuant to which it receives management fees consisting of base management fees and Carried Interest. The management fees are based on the lesser of the funds net asset values or aggregate capital contributions. The base management fees accrue at annual rates ranging from 1.5 to 2.0 of the applicable amounts on which they are based. 

The Carried Interest that the Company recognizes from the Investment Funds is determined by the Investment Funds performance and its contractual rights to share in the Investments Funds returns in excess of the preferred returns, if any, accruing to the funds investors. The Company recognizes Carried Interest as a participation in the profits in the Investment Funds after the investors in the Investment Funds have achieved a preferred return as defined in the fund agreements. After the investors have achieved the preferred returns specified in the respective fund agreements, a catch up return accrues to the Company until it receives a specified percentage of the preferred return. Thereafter, the Company participates in future returns in excess of the preferred return at the rates specified in the fund agreements. 

The Company also has loan servicing agreements with the Investment Funds. The loan servicing to be provided by the Company under the loan servicing agreements with the Investment Funds includes collecting principal, interest and escrow account payments, if any, with respect to mortgage loans, as well as managing loss mitigation, which may include, among other things, collection activities, loan workouts, modifications, foreclosures and short sales. The Company may also engage in certain loan origination activities that include refinancing Investment Fund mortgage loans and arranging financings that facilitate sales of REOs. 

The loan servicing agreements with the Investment Funds generally provide for fee revenue, which varies depending on the type and quality of the loans being serviced. The Company is also entitled to certain customary market-based fees and charges. 

In 2017, the Investment Funds completed the sale of substantially all of their remaining assets. Accordingly, future management and servicing fees from the Investment Funds will be discontinued. In a related distribution of the sale proceeds, the Company received 61.3 million in cash in settlement of the majority of its Carried Interest. The terms of the Investment Funds currently run through December 31, 2018, subject to a one-year extension at the Company s discretion, in accordance with the terms of the limited liability company and limited partnership agreements that govern the Investment Funds. 

F-25 

Table of Contents 

Amounts due from and payable to the Investment Funds are summarized below: 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

Carried Interest due from Investment Funds: 

PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund, LLC 

6,389 

42,427 

PNMAC Mortgage Opportunity Fund Investors, LLC 

2,163 

28,479 

8,552 

70,906 

Receivable from Investment Funds: 

Mortgage loan servicing fee rebate deposit 

300 

250 

Management fees 

88 

500 

Expense reimbursements 

27 

238 

Mortgage loan servicing fees 

2 

231 

417 

1,219 

Payable to Investment Funds: 

Deposits received to fund servicing advances 

2,329 

20,221 

Other 

98 

172 

2,427 

20,393 

Exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC Unitholders 

The Company entered into a tax receivable agreement with unitholders of PennyMac other than the Company on the date of the IPO that provides for the payment from time to time by the Company to PennyMac s exchanged unitholders an amount equal to 85 of the amount of the net tax benefits, if any, that the Company is deemed to realize as a result of (i) increases in tax basis of PennyMac s assets resulting from such unitholders exchanges and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. 

The enactment of the Tax Act on December 22, 2017 reduced the federal corporate tax rate to 21 from the previous maximum rate of 35 , effective January 1, 2018. GAAP requires that the effect of tax legislation be recognized in the period in which the law was enacted. 

The change in the corporate tax rate also had a significant effect on the value of the Company s liability under a tax receivable agreement with PennyMac unitholders that exchanged their ownership units for the Company s common stock. The lower tax rate reduced tax benefits that the Company might realize from the increased tax basis arising from the unitholder exchanges. In turn, the lower expected tax benefits reduced the Company s corresponding liability under the tax receivable agreement. The Company re-measured its liability under the tax receivable agreement as a result of the reduction in the federal tax rate and recorded a reduction of 32.0 million in the payable to exchanged PennyMac unitholders under the tax receivable agreement due to the change in the federal tax rate. 

Following is a summary of activity in Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement : 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Activity during the year: 

Liability resulting from unit exchanges 

7,723 

2,190 

2,728 

Payments under tax receivable agreement 

(6,726) 

(5,132) 

Repricing of liability (1) 

(32,940) 

(551) 

1,695 

Balance at end of year 

44,011 

75,954 

(1) 

A reduction of 32.0 million in the payable to exchanged PennyMac unitholders under the tax receivable agreement in 2017 was the result of the change in the federal tax rate under the Tax Act. 

F-26 

Table of Contents 

Note 5 Loan Sales and Servicing Activities 

The Company originates or purchases and sells mortgage loans in the secondary mortgage market without recourse for credit losses. However, the Company maintains continuing involvement with the mortgage loans in the form of servicing arrangements and the liability under representations and warranties it makes to purchasers and insurers of the mortgage loans. 

The following table summarizes cash flows between the Company and transferees as a result of the sale of mortgage loans in transactions where the Company maintains continuing involvement as servicer with the mortgage loans: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Cash flows: 

Sales proceeds 

50,235,245 

49,633,909 

36,679,638 

Servicing fees received (1) 

376,160 

261,163 

140,767 

Net servicing advances 

52,353 

8,274 

9,842 

(1) 

Net of guarantees paid to the Agencies 

The following table summarizes the UPB of the mortgage loans sold by the Company in which it maintains continuing involvement: 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

Unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans outstanding 

120,853,138 

89,516,155 

Delinquencies: 

30-89 days 

5,097,688 

2,545,970 

90 days or more: 

Not in foreclosure 

2,303,114 

735,263 

In foreclosure 

606,744 

137,856 

Foreclosed 

30,310 

2,552 

Bankruptcy 

657,368 

256,471 

F-27 

Table of Contents 

The following tables summarize the UPB of the Company s mortgage loan servicing portfolio: 

December 31, 2017 

Contract 

Total 

Servicing 

servicing and 

mortgage 

rights owned 

subservicing 

loans serviced 

(in thousands) 

Investor: 

Non-affiliated entities: 

Originated 

120,853,138 

120,853,138 

Purchased 

47,016,708 

47,016,708 

167,869,846 

167,869,846 

Advised Entities 

74,980,268 

74,980,268 

Mortgage loans held for sale 

2,998,377 

2,998,377 

170,868,223 

74,980,268 

245,848,491 

Delinquent mortgage loans: 

30 days 

5,326,710 

515,922 

5,842,632 

60 days 

1,935,216 

215,957 

2,151,173 

90 days or more: 

Not in foreclosure 

3,690,159 

541,945 

4,232,104 

In foreclosure 

916,614 

293,835 

1,210,449 

Foreclosed 

41,244 

278,890 

320,134 

11,909,943 

1,846,549 

13,756,492 

Bankruptcy 

1,046,969 

176,324 

1,223,293 

Custodial funds managed by the Company (1) 

3,267,279 

901,041 

4,168,320 

(1) 

Custodial funds include borrower and investor custodial cash accounts relating to mortgage loans serviced under the servicing agreements and are not recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company earns placement fees on custodial funds it manages on behalf of the mortgage loans investors, which is included in Interest income in the Company s consolidated statements of income. 

F-28 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2016 

Contract 

Total 

Servicing 

servicing and 

mortgage 

rights owned 

subservicing 

loans serviced 

(in thousands) 

Investor: 

Non-affiliated entities: 

Originated 

89,516,155 

89,516,155 

Purchased 

41,735,847 

41,735,847 

131,252,002 

131,252,002 

Advised Entities 

60,886,717 

60,886,717 

Mortgage loans held for sale 

2,101,283 

2,101,283 

133,353,285 

60,886,717 

194,240,002 

Commercial real estate loans subserviced for the Company 

22,338 

22,338 

Delinquent mortgage loans: 

30 days 

3,240,640 

407,177 

3,647,817 

60 days 

1,035,871 

145,720 

1,181,591 

90 days or more: 

Not in foreclosure 

2,203,895 

566,496 

2,770,391 

In foreclosure 

937,204 

685,001 

1,622,205 

Foreclosed 

28,943 

448,017 

476,960 

7,446,553 

2,252,411 

9,698,964 

Bankruptcy 

793,517 

280,459 

1,073,976 

Custodial funds managed by the Company (1) 

3,097,365 

736,398 

3,833,763 

(1) 

Custodial funds include borrower and investor custodial cash accounts relating to mortgage loans serviced under the servicing agreements and are not recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company earns placement fees on custodial funds it manages on behalf of the mortgage loans investors, which is included in Interest income in the Company s consolidated statements of income. 

Following is a summary of the geographical distribution of mortgage loans included in the Company s servicing portfolio for the top five and all other states as measured by UPB: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

State 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

California 

45,621,369 

42,303,952 

Texas 

19,741,970 

16,037,426 

Florida 

17,490,194 

12,817,627 

Virginia 

16,210,673 

13,143,510 

Maryland 

11,350,939 

8,564,923 

All other states 

135,433,346 

101,372,564 

245,848,491 

194,240,002 

Note 6 Fair Value 

Most of the Company s assets and certain of its liabilities are measured based on their fair values. The application of fair value may be on a recurring or nonrecurring basis depending on the accounting principles applicable to the specific asset or liability and whether management has elected to carry the item at its fair value as discussed in the following paragraphs. 

F-29 

Table of Contents 

Fair Value Accounting Elections 

Management identified all of its non-cash financial assets other than Assets purchased from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust under agreements to resell , its originated MSRs relating to loans with initial interest rates of more than 4.5 , its purchased MSRs and its MSLs to be accounted for at fair value so changes in fair value will be reflected in income as they occur and more timely reflect the results of the Company s performance. Management has also identified its ESS financing to be accounted for at fair value as a means of hedging the related MSRs fair value risk. Originated MSRs backed by mortgage loans with initial interest rates of less than or equal to 4.5 are accounted for using the amortization method. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

Following is a summary of assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

December 31, 2017 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Assets: 

Short-term investments 

170,080 

170,080 

Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

2,316,892 

782,211 

3,099,103 

Derivative assets: 

Interest rate lock commitments 

60,012 

60,012 

Repurchase agreement derivatives 

10,656 

10,656 

Forward purchase contracts 

4,288 

4,288 

Forward sales contracts 

2,101 

2,101 

MBS put options 

3,481 

3,481 

Put options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

3,570 

3,570 

Call options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

938 

938 

Total derivative assets before netting 

4,508 

9,870 

70,668 

85,046 

Netting 

(6,867) 

Total derivative assets 

4,508 

9,870 

70,668 

78,179 

Investment in PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

1,205 

1,205 

Mortgage servicing rights at fair value 

638,010 

638,010 

175,793 

2,326,762 

1,490,889 

3,986,577 

Liabilities: 

Excess servicing spread financing at fair value payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

236,534 

236,534 

Derivative liabilities: 

Interest rate lock commitments 

1,740 

1,740 

Forward purchase contracts 

1,272 

1,272 

Forward sales contracts 

7,031 

7,031 

Total derivative liabilities before netting 

8,303 

1,740 

10,043 

Netting 

(4,247) 

Total derivative liabilities 

8,303 

1,740 

5,796 

Mortgage servicing liabilities at fair value 

14,120 

14,120 

8,303 

252,394 

256,450 

F-30 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2016 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Assets: 

Short-term investments 

85,964 

85,964 

Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

2,125,544 

47,271 

2,172,815 

Derivative assets: 

Interest rate lock commitments 

65,848 

65,848 

Forward purchase contracts 

77,905 

77,905 

Forward sales contracts 

28,324 

28,324 

MBS put options 

3,934 

3,934 

MBS call options 

217 

217 

Put options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

3,109 

3,109 

Call options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

203 

203 

Total derivative assets before netting 

3,312 

110,380 

65,848 

179,540 

Netting 

(96,635) 

Total derivative assets 

3,312 

110,380 

65,848 

82,905 

Investment in PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

1,228 

1,228 

Mortgage servicing rights at fair value 

515,925 

515,925 

90,504 

2,235,924 

629,044 

2,858,837 

Liabilities: 

Excess servicing spread financing at fair value payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

288,669 

288,669 

Derivative liabilities: 

Interest rate lock commitments 

6,457 

6,457 

Forward purchase contracts 

16,914 

16,914 

Forward sales contracts 

85,035 

85,035 

Total derivative liabilities before netting 

101,949 

6,457 

108,406 

Netting 

(86,044) 

Total derivative liabilities 

101,949 

6,457 

22,362 

Mortgage servicing liabilities at fair value 

15,192 

15,192 

101,949 

310,318 

326,223 

F-31 

Table of Contents 

As shown above, certain of the Company s mortgage loans held for sale, IRLCs, repurchase agreement derivatives, MSRs at fair value, ESS financing at fair value and MSLs are measured using Level 3 fair value inputs. Following are roll forwards of these items for each of the three years ended December 31, 2017 where Level 3 fair value inputs were used: 

Year ended December 31, 2017 

Mortgage 

Net interest 

Repurchase 

Mortgage 

loans held 

rate lock 

agreement 

servicing 

for sale 

commitments (1) 

derivatives 

rights 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Assets: 

Balance, December 31, 2016 

47,271 

59,391 

515,925 

622,587 

Purchases and issuances, net 

2,928,249 

302,389 

10,986 

183,850 

3,425,474 

Sales and repayments 

(1,339,580) 

(1,339,580) 

Mortgage servicing rights resulting from mortgage loan sales 

24,471 

24,471 

Changes in fair value included in income arising from: 

Changes in instrument-specific credit risk 

(1,794) 

(1,794) 

Other factors 

115,434 

(330) 

(86,236) 

28,868 

(1,794) 

115,434 

(330) 

(86,236) 

27,404 

Transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 

(851,935) 

(851,935) 

Transfers of interest rate lock commitments to mortgage loans held for sale 

(418,942) 

(418,942) 

Balance, December 31, 2017 

782,211 

58,272 

10,656 

638,010 

1,489,149 

Changes in fair value recognized during the year relating to assets still held at December 31, 2017 

(556) 

58,272 

(330) 

(86,236) 

(28,850) 

(1) 

For the purpose of this table, the IRLC asset and liability positions are shown net. 

Year ended December 31, 2017 

Excess 

servicing 

Mortgage 

spread 

servicing 

financing 

liabilities 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Liabilities: 

Balance, December 31, 2016 

288,669 

15,192 

303,861 

Issuance of excess servicing spread financing pursuant to a recapture agreement with PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

5,244 

5,244 

Accrual of interest 

16,951 

16,951 

Repayments 

(54,980) 

(54,980) 

Mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from mortgage loan sales 

17,229 

17,229 

Changes in fair value included in income 

(19,350) 

(18,301) 

(37,651) 

Balance, December 31, 2017 

236,534 

14,120 

250,654 

Changes in fair value recognized during the year relating to liabilities still outstanding at December 31, 2017 

(19,350) 

(18,301) 

(37,651) 

F-32 

Table of Contents 

Year ended December 31, 2016 

Mortgage 

Net interest 

Mortgage 

loans held 

rate lock 

servicing 

for sale 

commitments (1) 

rights 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Assets: 

Balance, December 31, 2015 

48,531 

43,773 

660,247 

752,551 

Purchases 

1,608,627 

146 

1,608,773 

Sales and repayments 

(1,202,621) 

(1,202,621) 

Interest rate lock commitments issued, net 

429,598 

429,598 

Mortgage servicing rights resulting from mortgage loan sales 

17,319 

17,319 

Changes in fair value included in income arising from: 

Changes in instrument-specific credit risk 

3,469 

3,469 

Other factors 

143,867 

(161,787) 

(17,920) 

3,469 

143,867 

(161,787) 

(14,451) 

Transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 

(410,735) 

(410,735) 

Transfers of interest rate lock commitments to mortgage loans held for sale 

(557,847) 

(557,847) 

Balance, December 31, 2016 

47,271 

59,391 

515,925 

622,587 

Changes in fair value recognized during the year relating to assets still held at December 31, 2016 

936 

59,391 

(161,787) 

(101,460) 

(1) 

For the purpose of this table, the interest rate lock asset and liability positions are shown net. 

Year ended December 31, 2016 

Excess 

servicing 

Mortgage 

spread 

servicing 

financing 

liabilities 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Liabilities: 

Balance, December 31, 2015 

412,425 

1,399 

413,824 

Issuance of excess servicing spread financing pursuant to a recapture agreement with PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

6,603 

6,603 

Accrual of interest 

22,601 

22,601 

Repayments 

(69,992) 

(69,992) 

Settlement 

(59,045) 

(59,045) 

Mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from mortgage loan sales 

14,991 

14,991 

Mortgage servicing liabilities assumed 

10,139 

10,139 

Changes in fair value included in income 

(23,923) 

(11,337) 

(35,260) 

Balance, December 31, 2016 

288,669 

15,192 

303,861 

Changes in fair value recognized during the year relating to liabilities still outstanding at December 31, 2016 

(16,713) 

(11,337) 

(28,050) 

F-33 

Table of Contents 

Year ended December 31, 2015 

Mortgage 

Net interest 

Mortgage 

loans held 

rate lock 

servicing 

for sale 

commitments (1) 

rights 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Assets: 

Balance December 31, 2014 

209,908 

32,401 

325,383 

567,692 

Purchases 

911,124 

382,824 

1,293,948 

Sales and repayments 

(844,419) 

(844,419) 

Interest rate lock commitments issued, net 

271,692 

271,692 

Mortgage servicing rights resulting from mortgage loan sales 

18,013 

18,013 

Changes in fair value included in income arising from: 

Changes in instrument-specific credit risk 

4,233 

4,233 

Other factors 

73,068 

(65,973) 

7,095 

4,233 

73,068 

(65,973) 

11,328 

Transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 

(232,315) 

(232,315) 

Transfers of interest rate lock commitments to mortgage loans held for sale 

(333,388) 

(333,388) 

Balance, December 31, 2015 

48,531 

43,773 

660,247 

752,551 

Changes in fair value recognized during the year relating to assets still held at December 31, 2015 

4,305 

43,773 

(65,973) 

(17,895) 

(1) 

For the purpose of this table, the interest rate lock asset and liability positions are shown net. 

Year ended December 31, 2015 

Excess 

servicing 

Mortgage 

spread 

servicing 

financing 

liabilities 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Liabilities: 

Balance December 31, 2014 

191,166 

6,306 

197,472 

Issuance of excess servicing spread financing: 

For cash 

271,554 

271,554 

Pursuant to a recapture agreement with PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

6,728 

6,728 

Accrual of interest 

25,365 

25,365 

Repayments 

(78,578) 

(78,578) 

Mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from mortgage loan sales 

20,442 

20,442 

Mortgage servicing liabilities assumed 

Changes in fair value included in income 

(3,810) 

(25,349) 

(29,159) 

Balance, December 31, 2015 

412,425 

1,399 

413,824 

Changes in fair value recognized during the year relating to liabilities still outstanding at December 31, 2015 

(3,810) 

(25,349) 

(29,159) 

The information used in the preceding roll forwards represents activity for any assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and identified as using Level 3 significant fair value inputs at either the beginning or the end of the years presented. The Company had transfers among the fair value levels arising from transfers of IRLCs to mortgage loans held for sale at fair value upon purchase or funding of the respective mortgage loans and from the return to salability in the active secondary market of certain mortgage loans held for sale. 

F-34 

Table of Contents 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value under the Fair Value Option 

Net changes in fair values included in income for assets and liabilities carried at fair value as a result of management s election of the fair value option by income statement line item are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

Net gains on 

Net 

Net gains on 

Net 

Net gains on 

Net 

mortgage 

mortgage 

mortgage 

mortgage 

mortgage 

mortgage 

loans held 

loan 

loans held 

loan 

loans held 

loan 

for sale at 

servicing 

for sale at 

servicing 

for sale at 

servicing 

fair value 

fees 

Total 

fair value 

fees 

Total 

fair value 

fees 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Assets: 

Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

426,092 

426,092 

513,331 

513,331 

372,139 

372,139 

Mortgage servicing rights at fair value 

(86,236) 

(86,236) 

(161,787) 

(161,787) 

(65,973) 

(65,973) 

426,092 

(86,236) 

339,856 

513,331 

(161,787) 

351,544 

372,139 

(65,973) 

306,166 

Liabilities: 

Excess servicing spread financing at fair value payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

19,350 

19,350 

23,923 

23,923 

3,810 

3,810 

Mortgage servicing liabilities at fair value 

18,301 

18,301 

11,337 

11,337 

25,349 

25,349 

37,651 

37,651 

35,260 

35,260 

29,159 

29,159 

Following are the fair value and related principal amounts due upon maturity of assets accounted for under the fair value option: 

December 31, 2017 

Principal 

amount 

Fair 

due upon 

value 

maturity 

Difference 

(in thousands) 

Mortgage loans held for sale: 

Current through 89 days delinquent 

2,430,517 

2,326,772 

103,745 

90 days or more delinquent: 

Not in foreclosure 

614,329 

614,357 

(28) 

In foreclosure 

54,257 

57,248 

(2,991) 

3,099,103 

2,998,377 

100,726 

December 31, 2016 

Principal 

amount 

Fair 

due upon 

value 

maturity 

Difference 

(in thousands) 

Mortgage loans held for sale: 

Current through 89 days delinquent 

2,148,947 

2,077,034 

71,913 

90 days or more delinquent: 

Not in foreclosure 

19,227 

19,399 

(172) 

In foreclosure 

4,641 

4,850 

(209) 

2,172,815 

2,101,283 

71,532 

F-35 

Table of Contents 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

Following is a summary of assets that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 

December 31, 2017 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Mortgage servicing rights at lower of amortized cost or fair value 

1,463,552 

1,463,552 

Real estate acquired in settlement of loans 

2,355 

2,355 

1,465,907 

1,465,907 

December 31, 2016 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Mortgage servicing rights at lower of amortized cost or fair value 

1,093,242 

1,093,242 

Real estate acquired in settlement of loans 

1,152 

1,152 

1,094,394 

1,094,394 

The following table summarizes the total gains (losses) on assets measured at fair values on a nonrecurring basis: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Mortgage servicing rights at lower of amortized cost or fair value 

(6,853) 

(60,487) 

(37,437) 

Real estate acquired in settlement of loans 

(125) 

(86) 

(6,978) 

(60,573) 

(37,437) 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments Carried at Amortized Cost 

The Company s Assets purchased from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust under agreements to resell , Assets sold under agreements to repurchase , Mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements , Notes payable , and Obligations under capital lease are carried at amortized cost. These assets and liabilities fair values do not have observable inputs and the fair value is measured using management s estimate of fair value, where the inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Accordingly, the Company has classified these financial instruments as Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities and has concluded that those assets and liabilities fair values approximate the carrying value due to their short terms and/or variable interest rates. 

Valuation Techniques and Inputs 

Most of the Company s financial assets, a portion of its MSRs, its ESS financing and MSLs are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in current period income. Certain of the Company s financial assets and all of its MSRs, ESS and MSLs are Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities which require the use of unobservable inputs that are significant to the estimation of the items fair values. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company s own judgments about the factors that market participants use in pricing an asset or liability, and are based on the best information available under the circumstances. 

Due to the difficulty in estimating the fair values of Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities, management has assigned the responsibility for estimating the fair value of these items to specialized staff and subjects the valuation process to significant senior management oversight. The Company s Financial Analysis and Valuation group (the FAV 

F-36 

Table of Contents 

group is the Company s specialized staff responsible for estimating the fair values of Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities other than IRLCs. 

With respect to the non-IRLC Level 3 valuations, the FAV group reports to the Company s senior management valuation committee, which oversees and approves the valuations. The FAV group monitors the models used for valuation of the Company s Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities, including the models performance versus actual results, and reports those results to the Company s senior management valuation committee. The Company s senior management valuation committee includes the Company s executive chairman, chief executive, chief financial, chief risk, chief enterprise operations and deputy chief financial officers. 

The FAV group is responsible for reporting to the Company s senior management valuation committee on the changes in the valuation of the Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities, including major factors affecting the valuation and any changes in model methods and inputs. To assess the reasonableness of its valuations, the FAV group presents an analysis of the effect on the valuation of changes to the significant inputs to the models. 

With respect to IRLCs, the Company has assigned responsibility for developing fair values to its Capital Markets Risk Management staff. The fair values developed by the Capital Markets Risk Management staff are reviewed by the Company s Capital Markets Operations group. 

Following is a description of the techniques and inputs used in estimating the fair values of Level 2 and Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities: 

Mortgage Loans Held for Sale 

Most of the Company s mortgage loans held for sale at fair value are saleable into active markets and are therefore categorized as Level 2 fair value assets and their fair values are determined using their quoted market or contracted selling price or market price equivalent. 

Certain of the Company s mortgage loans held for sale are non-saleable into active markets and are therefore categorized as Level 3 fair value assets. Mortgage loans held for sale categorized as Level 3 fair value assets include: 

Certain delinquent government guaranteed or insured mortgage loans purchased by the Company from Ginnie Mae guaranteed pools in its mortgage loan servicing portfolio. The Company s right to purchase delinquent government guaranteed or insured mortgage loans arises as the result of the borrower s failure to make payments for at least three consecutive months preceding the month of repurchase by the Company and provides an alternative to the Company s obligation to continue advancing principal and interest at the coupon rate of the related Ginnie Mae security. Such repurchased mortgage loans may be resold to third-party investors and thereafter may be repurchased to the extent eligible for resale into a new Ginnie Mae guaranteed pool. Such eligibility for resale generally occurs when the repurchased mortgage loans become current either through the borrower s reperformance or through completion of a modification of the mortgage loan s terms. 

Certain of the Company s mortgage loans held for sale that become non-saleable into active markets due to identification of a defect by the Company or to the repurchase by the Company of a mortgage loan with an identified defect. 

The Company uses a discounted cash flow model to estimate the fair value of its Level 3 fair value mortgage loans held for sale at fair value. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s Level 3 fair value mortgage loans held for sale at fair value are discount rates, home price projections, voluntary prepayment/resale speeds and total prepayment speeds. Significant changes in any of those inputs in isolation could result in a significant change to the mortgage loans fair value measurement. Increases in home price projections are generally accompanied by an increase in voluntary prepayment speeds. 

F-37 

Table of Contents 

Following is a quantitative summary of key Level 3 fair value inputs used in the valuation of mortgage loans held for sale at fair value: 

December 31, 

Key inputs 

2017 

2016 

Discount rate: 

Range 

2.9 10.0 

2.6 8.8 

Weighted average 

2.9 

3.0 

Twelve-month projected housing price index change: 

Range 

3.1 5.6 

2.0 4.5 

Weighted average 

3.6 

3.7 

Voluntary prepayment / resale speed (1): 

Range 

0.2 72.2 

0.1 24.4 

Weighted average 

44.6 

20.9 

Total prepayment speed (2): 

Range 

0.2 75.2 

0.1 39.8 

Weighted average 

55.8 

34.3 

(1) 

Voluntary prepayment/resale speed is measured using Life Voluntary Conditional Prepayment Rate CPR ). 

(2) 

Total prepayment speed is measured using Life Total CPR. 

Changes in fair value attributable to changes in instrument specific credit risk are measured by reference to the change in the respective mortgage loan s delinquency status and performance history at year end from the later of the beginning of the year or acquisition date. Changes in fair value of mortgage loans held for sale are included in Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value in the Company s consolidated statements of income. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

Interest Rate Lock Commitments 

The Company categorizes IRLCs as a Level 3 fair value asset or liability. The Company estimates the fair value of an IRLC based on quoted Agency MBS prices, its estimate of the fair value of the MSRs it expects to receive in the sale of the mortgage loans and the probability that the mortgage loan will fund or be purchased (the pull-through rate ). 

The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s IRLCs are the pull-through rate and the MSR component of the Company s estimate of the fair value of the mortgage loans it has committed to purchase. Significant changes in the pull-through rate or the MSR component of the IRLCs, in isolation, could result in significant changes in the IRLC s fair value measurement. The financial effects of changes in these inputs are generally inversely correlated as increasing interest rates have a positive effect on the fair value of the MSR component of IRLC fair value, but increase the pull-through rate for the mortgage loan principal and interest payment cash flow component, which has decreased in fair value. Changes in fair value of IRLCs are included in Net gains on mortgage loans acquired for sale at fair value and may be allocated to Net mortgage loan servicing fees Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities as a hedge of the fair value of MSRs in the consolidated statements of income when it is included as a component of the MSR hedging strategy. 

F-38 

Table of Contents 

Following is a quantitative summary of key unobservable inputs used in the valuation of IRLCs: 

December 31, 

Key inputs 

2017 

2016 

Pull-through rate: 

Range 

25.0 100 

35.0 100.0 

Weighted average 

85.6 

84.9 

Mortgage servicing rights value expressed as: 

Servicing fee multiple: 

Range 

1.4 5.8 

1.2 5.9 

Weighted average 

4.0 

4.3 

Percentage of unpaid principal balance: 

Range 

0.3 3.0 

0.3 2.8 

Weighted average 

1.4 

1.3 

Hedging Derivatives 

Fair value of exchange-traded hedging derivative financial instruments are categorized by the Company as Level 1 fair value assets and liabilities. Fair value of hedging derivative financial instruments based on observable MBS prices or interest rate volatilities in the MBS market are categorized as Level 2 fair value assets and liabilities. Changes in the fair value of hedging derivatives are included in Net gains on mortgage loans acquired for sale at fair value, or Net mortgage loan servicing fees Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities , as applicable, in the consolidated statements of income. 

Repurchase Agreement Derivatives 

The Company has a master repurchase agreement that includes incentives for financing mortgage loans approved for satisfying certain consumer relief characteristics. These incentives are classified for financial reporting purposes as embedded derivatives and are accounted for separate from the master repurchase agreement. The Company classifies these derivatives as Level 3 fair value assets. The significant unobservable input into the valuation of these derivative assets is the ratio of derivative value to outstanding receivable due to the time value of money and the Company s expected approval rate of the mortgage loans financed under the master repurchase agreement. The ratio included in the Company s fair value estimate was 97 at December 31, 2017. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights 

MSRs are categorized as Level 3 fair value assets. The Company uses a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of MSRs. This approach consists of projecting net servicing cash flows discounted at a rate that management believes market participants would use in their determinations of fair value. The key inputs used in the estimation of the fair value of MSRs include the prepayment rates of the underlying mortgage loans, the applicable pricing spread (discount rate), and the per-loan annual cost to service the respective mortgage loans. Changes in the fair value of MSRs are included in Net mortgage loan servicing fees Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities in the consolidated statements of income. 

F-39 

Table of Contents 

Following are the key inputs used in determining the fair value of MSRs at the time of initial recognition, excluding MSR purchases: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

Fair 

Amortized 

Fair 

Amortized 

Fair 

Amortized 

value 

cost 

value 

cost 

value 

cost 

(Amount recognized and unpaid principal balance of underlying mortgage loans amounts in thousands) 

MSR and pool characteristics: 

Amount recognized 

24,471 

556,630 

17,319 

560,212 

18,013 

454,840 

Unpaid principal balance of underlying mortgage loans 

2,316,539 

44,664,551 

1,452,779 

44,827,516 

1,463,150 

32,849,718 

Weighted average servicing fee rate (in basis points) 

31 

31 

33 

30 

33 

34 

Key inputs: 

Pricing spread (1): 

Range 

7.6 11.2 

7.6 15.2 

7.2 10.5 

7.2 14.4 

7.0 14.4 

6.8 16.2 

Weighted average 

10.5 

10.7 

9.2 

9.5 

9.3 

9.2 

Annual total prepayment speed (2): 

Range 

3.9 71.8 

3.4 47.6 

3.3 53.8 

2.8 50.9 

1.9 62.4 

2.5 50.0 

Weighted average 

12.6 

9.1 

11.8 

9.0 

11.8 

8.9 

Life (in years): 

Range 

0.8 11.7 

1.5 12.2 

0.5 11.9 

1.3 12.9 

1.1 12.3 

1.3 12.0 

Weighted average 

6.6 

8.1 

6.8 

8.1 

6.5 

7.2 

Per-loan annual cost of servicing: 

Range 

78 101 

79 101 

68 105 

68 106 

59 101 

59 95 

Weighted average 

89 

89 

88 

89 

77 

78 

(1) 

Pricing spread represents a margin that is applied to a reference interest rate s forward rate curve to develop periodic discount rates. The Company applies a pricing spread to the United States Dollar London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR curve for purposes of discounting cash flows relating to MSRs. 

(2) 

Prepayment speed is measured using Life Total CPR. 

F-40 

Table of Contents 

Following is a quantitative summary of key inputs used in the valuation and assessment for impairment of the Company s MSRs at year end and the effect on the fair value from adverse changes in those inputs (weighted averages are based upon UPB): 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Fair 

Amortized 

Fair 

Amortized 

value 

cost 

value 

cost 

(Carrying value, unpaid principal balance of underlying 

mortgage loans and effect on fair value amounts in thousands) 

MSR and pool characteristics: 

Carrying value 

638,010 

1,481,578 

515,925 

1,111,747 

Unpaid principal balance of underlying mortgage loans 

51,883,539 

114,365,698 

43,667,165 

85,509,941 

Weighted average note interest rate 

4.0 

3.8 

4.1 

3.7 

Weighted average servicing fee rate (in basis points) 

32 

31 

32 

31 

Key inputs: 

Pricing spread (1): 

Range 

7.6 14.1 

7.6 14.1 

7.6 14.9 

7.6 14.9 

Weighted average 

9.8 

10.3 

10.1 

10.7 

Effect on fair value of (2): 

5 adverse change 

10,760) 

27,700) 

9,097) 

22,382) 

10 adverse change 

21,155) 

54,376) 

17,872) 

43,889) 

20 adverse change 

40,916) 

104,869) 

34,516) 

84,464) 

Prepayment speed (3): 

Range 

7.9 46.2 

7.4 44.1 

7.0 46.7 

6.6 43.9 

Weighted average 

10.5 

9.7 

10.3 

8.7 

Average life (in years): 

Range 

1.2 7.8 

2.0 8.3 

1.3 8.6 

1.6 9.4 

Weighted average 

6.6 

7.5 

6.7 

8.1 

Effect on fair value of (2): 

5 adverse change 

10,809) 

23,544) 

8,818) 

16,636) 

10 adverse change 

21,239) 

46,284) 

17,336) 

32,750) 

20 adverse change 

41,038) 

89,514) 

33,533) 

63,513) 

Annual per-loan cost of servicing: 

Range 

78 97 

79 97 

78 101 

79 101 

Weighted average 

89 

89 

92 

92 

Effect on fair value of (2): 

5 adverse change 

6,247) 

11,216) 

5,612) 

8,890) 

10 adverse change 

12,494) 

22,431) 

11,225) 

17,781) 

20 adverse change 

24,987) 

44,863) 

22,450) 

35,562) 

(1) 

The Company applies a pricing spread to the United States Dollar LIBOR curve for purposes of discounting cash flows relating to MSRs. 

(2) 

For MSRs carried at fair value, an adverse change in one of the above-mentioned key inputs is expected to result in a reduction in fair value which will be recognized in income. For MSRs carried at lower of amortized cost or fair value, an adverse change in one of the above-mentioned key inputs may result in recognition of MSR impairment. The extent of the recognized MSR impairment will depend on the relationship of fair value to the carrying value of such MSRs. 

(3) 

Prepayment speed is measured using Life Total CPR. 

The preceding sensitivity analyses are limited in that they were performed at a particular point in time; only contemplate the movements in the indicated inputs; do not incorporate changes to other variables; are subject to the accuracy of various models and inputs used; and do not incorporate other factors that would affect the Company s 

F-41 

Table of Contents 

overall financial performance in such events, including operational adjustments made by management to account for changing circumstances. For these reasons, the preceding estimates should not be viewed as earnings forecasts. 

Excess Servicing Spread Financing at Fair Value 

The Company categorizes ESS as a Level 3 fair value liability. Because the ESS is a claim to a portion of the cash flows from MSRs, the fair value measurement of the ESS is similar to that of MSRs. The Company uses the same discounted cash flow approach to measuring the ESS as used to measure MSRs except that certain inputs relating to the cost to service the mortgage loans underlying the MSR and certain ancillary income are not included as these cash flows do not accrue to the holder of the ESS. The key inputs used in the estimation of ESS fair value include pricing spread (discount rate) and prepayment speed. Significant changes to either of those inputs in isolation could result in a significant change in the fair value of ESS. Changes in these key inputs are not necessarily directly related. 

ESS is generally subject to fair value increases when mortgage interest rates increase. Increasing mortgage interest rates normally slow mortgage refinancing activity. Decreased refinancing activity increases the life of the mortgage loans underlying the ESS, thereby increasing its fair value. Changes in the fair value of ESS are included in Net mortgage loan servicing fees Change in fair value of excess servicing spread payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment. 

Following are the key inputs used in determining the fair value of ESS financing: 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

Carrying value (in thousands) 

236,534 

288,669 

ESS and pool characteristics: 

Unpaid principal balance of underlying mortgage loans (in thousands) 

27,217,199 

32,376,359 

Average servicing fee rate (in basis points) 

34 

34 

Average excess servicing spread (in basis points) 

19 

19 

Key inputs: 

Pricing spread (1): 

Range 

3.8 4.3 

3.8 4.8 

Weighted average 

4.1 

4.4 

Annualized prepayment speed (2): 

Range 

8.4 41.4 

7.0 41.3 

Weighted average 

10.8 

10.5 

Average life (in years): 

Range 

1.4 7.7 

1.4 8.6 

Weighted average 

6.5 

6.8 

(1) 

The Company applies a pricing spread to the United States Dollar LIBOR curve for purposes of discounting cash flows relating to ESS. 

(2) 

Prepayment speed is measured using Life Total CPR. 

Mortgage Servicing Liabilities 

MSLs are categorized as Level 3 fair value liabilities. The Company uses a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of MSLs. This approach consists of projecting net servicing cash flows discounted at a rate that management believes market participants would use in their determinations of fair value. The key inputs used in the estimation of the fair value of MSLs include the prepayment rates of the underlying mortgage loans, the applicable pricing spread (discount rate), and the per-loan annual cost to service the respective mortgage loans. Changes in the fair value of MSLs are included in Net servicing fees Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities in the consolidated statements of income. 

F-42 

Table of Contents 

Following are the key inputs used in determining the fair value of MSLs: 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

MSL and pool characteristics: 

Carrying value (in thousands) 

14,120

15,192

Unpaid principal balance of underlying mortgage loans (in thousands) 

1,620,609

2,074,896

Weighted average servicing fee rate (in basis points) 

25

25

Key inputs: 

Pricing spread (1) 

7.7 

8.0 

Prepayment speed (2) 

32.9 

31.7 

Average life (in years) 

3.5

3.7

Annual per-loan cost of servicing 

404

497

(1) 

The Company applies a pricing spread to the United States Dollar LIBOR curve for purposes of discounting cash flows relating to MSLs. 

(2) 

Prepayment speed is measured using Life Total CPR. 

Note 7 Mortgage Loans Held for Sale at Fair Value 

Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value include the following: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

Government-insured or guaranteed 

2,085,764 

1,984,020 

Conventional conforming 

231,128 

141,524 

Purchased from Ginnie Mae pools serviced by the Company 

777,300 

40,437 

Repurchased pursuant to representations and warranties 

4,911 

6,834 

3,099,103 

2,172,815 

Fair value of mortgage loans pledged to secure: 

Assets sold under agreements to repurchase 

2,530,299 

1,422,255 

Mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements 

551,688 

702,919 

3,081,987 

2,125,174 

F-43 

Table of Contents 

Note 8 Derivative Activities 

Derivative Notional Amounts and Fair Value of Derivatives 

The Company had the following derivative financial instruments recorded on its consolidated balance sheets: 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Fair value 

Fair value 

Notional 

Derivative 

Derivative 

Notional 

Derivative 

Derivative 

Instrument 

amount 

assets 

liabilities 

amount 

assets 

liabilities 

(in thousands) 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 

Not subject to master netting arrangements: 

Interest rate lock commitments 

3,654,955 

60,012 

1,740 

4,279,611 

65,848 

6,457 

Repurchase agreement derivatives 

10,656 

Used for hedging purposes: 

Forward purchase contracts 

4,920,883 

4,288 

1,272 

12,746,191 

77,905 

16,914 

Forward sales contracts 

5,204,796 

2,101 

7,031 

16,577,942 

28,324 

85,035 

MBS put options 

4,925,000 

3,481 

1,175,000 

3,934 

MBS call options 

1,600,000 

217 

Put options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

2,125,000 

3,570 

1,125,000 

3,109 

Call options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

100,000 

938 

900,000 

203 

Treasury futures purchase contracts 

100,000 

Interest rate swap futures purchase contracts 

1,400,000 

200,000 

Total derivatives before netting 

85,046 

10,043 

179,540 

108,406 

Netting 

(6,867) 

(4,247) 

(96,635) 

(86,044) 

78,179 

5,796 

82,905 

22,362 

Deposits placed with derivative counterparties 

2,620 

10,591 

The following table summarizes the notional value activity for derivative contracts used in the Company s hedging activities: 

Year ended December 31, 2017 

Balance 

Balance 

beginning of 

Dispositions/ 

end of 

Instrument 

year 

Additions 

expirations 

year 

(in thousands) 

Forward purchase contracts 

12,746,191 

181,761,564 

(189,586,872) 

4,920,883 

Forward sale contracts 

16,577,942 

226,000,107 

(237,373,253) 

5,204,796 

MBS put options 

1,175,000 

25,050,000 

(21,300,000) 

4,925,000 

MBS call options 

1,600,000 

17,700,000 

(19,300,000) 

Put options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

1,125,000 

11,360,000 

(10,360,000) 

2,125,000 

Call options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

900,000 

1,939,300 

(2,739,300) 

100,000 

Put options on interest rate futures sale contracts 

10,010,000 

(10,010,000) 

Call options on interest rate futures sale contracts 

2,739,300 

(2,739,300) 

Treasury futures purchase contracts 

544,900 

(444,900) 

100,000 

Treasury futures sale contracts 

444,900 

(444,900) 

Interest rate swap futures purchase contracts 

200,000 

2,100,000 

(900,000) 

1,400,000 

Interest rate swap futures sale contracts 

900,000 

(900,000) 

F-44 

Table of Contents 

Year ended December 31, 2016 

Balance 

Balance 

beginning of 

Dispositions/ 

end of 

Instrument 

year 

Additions 

expirations 

year 

(in thousands) 

Forward purchase contracts 

5,254,293 

210,412,697 

(202,920,799) 

12,746,191 

Forward sale contracts 

6,230,811 

262,202,884 

(251,855,753) 

16,577,942 

MBS put options 

1,275,000 

19,225,000 

(19,325,000) 

1,175,000 

MBS call options 

1,600,000 

1,600,000 

Put options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

1,650,000 

15,331,000 

(15,856,000) 

1,125,000 

Call options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

600,000 

5,687,500 

(5,387,500) 

900,000 

Put options on interest rate futures sale contracts 

9,436,000 

(9,436,000) 

Call options on interest rate futures sale contracts 

550,000 

(550,000) 

Treasury futures purchase contracts 

585,800 

(585,800) 

Treasury futures sale contracts 

585,800 

(585,800) 

Interest rate swap futures purchase contracts 

400,000 

(200,000) 

200,000 

Interest rate swap futures sale contracts 

200,000 

(200,000) 

Year ended December 31, 2015 

Balance 

Balance 

beginning of 

Dispositions/ 

end of 

Instrument 

year 

Additions 

expirations 

year 

(in thousands) 

Forward purchase contracts 

2,634,218 

103,571,212 

(100,951,137) 

5,254,293 

Forward sale contracts 

3,901,851 

137,061,118 

(134,732,158) 

6,230,811 

MBS put options 

340,000 

3,902,500 

(2,967,500) 

1,275,000 

MBS call options 

160,000 

(160,000) 

Put options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

755,000 

8,790,000 

(7,895,000) 

1,650,000 

Call options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

630,000 

6,055,000 

(6,085,000) 

600,000 

Put options on interest rate futures sale contracts 

50,000 

50,000 

(100,000) 

Call options on interest rate futures sale contracts 

35,100 

(35,100) 

Derivative Balances and Netting of Financial Instruments 

The Company has elected to present net derivative asset and liability positions, and cash collateral obtained from (or posted to) its counterparties when subject to a master netting arrangement that is legally enforceable on all counterparties in the event of default. The derivatives that are not subject to a master netting arrangement are IRLCs and repurchase agreement derivatives. 

F-45 

Table of Contents 

Offsetting of Derivative Assets 

Following are summaries of derivative assets and related netting amounts. 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Gross 

Gross amount 

Net amount 

Gross 

Gross amount 

Net amount 

amount of 

offset in the 

of assets in the 

amount of 

offset in the 

of assets in the 

recognized 

consolidated 

consolidated 

recognized 

consolidated 

consolidated 

assets 

balance sheet 

balance sheet 

assets 

balance sheet 

balance sheet 

(in thousands) 

Derivatives not subject to master netting arrangements: 

Interest rate lock commitments 

60,012 

60,012 

65,848 

65,848 

Repurchase agreement derivatives 

10,656 

10,656 

70,668 

70,668 

65,848 

65,848 

Derivatives subject to master netting arrangements: 

Forward purchase contracts 

4,288 

4,288 

77,905 

77,905 

Forward sale contracts 

2,101 

2,101 

28,324 

28,324 

MBS put options 

3,481 

3,481 

3,934 

3,934 

MBS call options 

217 

217 

Put options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

3,570 

3,570 

3,109 

3,109 

Call options on interest rate futures purchase contracts 

938 

938 

203 

203 

Netting 

(6,867) 

(6,867) 

(96,635) 

(96,635) 

14,378 

(6,867) 

7,511 

113,692 

(96,635) 

17,057 

85,046 

(6,867) 

78,179 

179,540 

(96,635) 

82,905 

Derivative Assets, Financial Instruments, and Cash Collateral Held by Counterparty 

The following table summarizes by significant counterparty the amount of derivative asset positions after considering master netting arrangements and financial instruments or cash pledged that do not meet the accounting guidance qualifying for netting. 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Gross amount not 

Gross amount not 

offset in the 

offset in the 

consolidated 

consolidated 

balance sheet 

balance sheet 

Net amount 

Net amount 

of assets in the 

Cash 

of assets in the 

Cash 

consolidated 

Financial 

collateral 

Net 

consolidated 

Financial 

collateral 

Net 

balance sheet 

instruments 

received 

amount 

balance sheet 

instruments 

received 

amount 

(in thousands) 

Interest rate lock commitments 

60,012 

60,012 

65,848 

65,848 

Deutsche Bank 

10,656 

10,656 

RJ O'Brien 

4,508 

4,508 

2,750 

2,750 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

1,092 

1,092 

Goldman Sachs 

540 

540 

Jefferies Co. 

514 

514 

540 

540 

Cantor Fitzgerald LP 

472 

472 

265 

265 

Barclays Capital 

12,002 

12,002 

Others 

385 

385 

1,500 

1,500 

78,179 

78,179 

82,905 

82,905 

F-46 

Table of Contents 

Offsetting of Derivative Liabilities and Financial Liabilities 

Following is a summary of net derivative liabilities and assets sold under agreements to repurchase and related netting amounts. Assets sold under agreements to repurchase do not qualify for netting. 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Net 

Net 

amount 

amount 

Gross 

Gross amount 

of liabilities 

Gross 

Gross amount 

of liabilities 

amount of 

offset in the 

in the 

amount of 

offset in the 

in the 

recognized 

consolidated 

consolidated 

recognized 

consolidated 

consolidated 

liabilities 

balance sheet 

balance sheet 

liabilities 

balance sheet 

balance sheet 

(in thousands) 

Derivatives not subject to master netting arrangements Interest rate lock commitments 

1,740 

1,740 

6,457 

6,457 

Derivatives subject to a master netting arrangement: 

Forward purchase contracts 

1,272 

1,272 

16,914 

16,914 

Forward sale contracts 

7,031 

7,031 

85,035 

85,035 

Netting 

(4,247) 

(4,247) 

(86,044) 

(86,044) 

8,303 

(4,247) 

4,056 

101,949 

(86,044) 

15,905 

Total derivatives 

10,043 

(4,247) 

5,796 

108,406 

(86,044) 

22,362 

Mortgage loans sold under agreements to repurchase: 

Amount outstanding 

2,380,866 

2,380,866 

1,736,922 

1,736,922 

Unamortized premiums and debt issuance costs, net 

672 

672 

(1,808) 

(1,808) 

2,381,538 

2,381,538 

1,735,114 

1,735,114 

2,391,581 

(4,247) 

2,387,334 

1,843,520 

(86,044) 

1,757,476 

F-47 

Table of Contents 

Derivative Liabilities, Financial Instruments, and Collateral Held by Counterparty 

The following table summarizes by significant counterparty the amount of derivative liabilities and assets sold under agreements to repurchase after considering master netting arrangements and financial instruments or cash pledged that do not qualify under the accounting guidance for netting. All assets sold under agreements to repurchase are secured by sufficient collateral or have fair value that exceeds the liability amount recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Gross amounts 

Gross amounts 

not offset in the 

not offset in the 

Net amount 

consolidated 

Net amount 

consolidated 

of liabilities 

balance sheet 

of liabilities 

balance sheet 

in the 

Cash 

in the 

Cash 

consolidated 

Financial 

collateral 

Net 

consolidated 

Financial 

collateral 

Net 

balance sheet 

instruments 

pledged 

amount 

balance sheet 

instruments 

pledged 

amount 

(in thousands) 

IRLCs 

1,740 

1,740 

6,457 

6,457 

Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC 

1,010,562 

(1,010,320) 

242 

961,533 

(960,988) 

545 

Deutsche Bank 

593,864 

(593,864) 

Bank of America, N.A. 

406,787 

(406,355) 

432 

349,638 

(342,769) 

6,869 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

139,491 

(138,983) 

508 

189,756 

(188,851) 

905 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

90,442 

(90,442) 

135,322 

(135,322) 

BNP Paribas 

87,753 

(87,753) 

1,151 

1,151 

Royal Bank of Canada 

24,835 

(23,752) 

1,083 

2,937 

2,937 

Citibank, N.A. 

23,010 

(23,010) 

81,555 

(80,525) 

1,030 

Barclays Capital 

6,387 

(6,387) 

28,467 

(28,467) 

Others 

1,791 

1,791 

2,468 

2,468 

2,386,662 

(2,380,866) 

5,796 

1,759,284 

(1,736,922) 

22,362 

Following are the gains (losses) recognized by the Company on derivative financial instruments and the income statement line items where such gains and losses are included: 

Year ended December 31, 

Derivative activity 

Income statement line 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Repurchase agreement derivative 

Interest expense 

(330) 

Hedged item: 

Interest rate lock commitments and mortgage loans held for sale 

Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale 

(21,255) 

20,619 

(48,960) 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Net mortgage loan servicing fees Amortization, impairment and change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities 

(37,855) 

26,405 

(7,717) 

F-48 

Table of Contents 

Note 9 Carried Interest Due from Investment Funds 

The activity in the Company s Carried Interest due from Investment Funds is summarized as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

70,906 

69,926 

67,298 

Carried Interest recognized during the year 

(1,040) 

980 

2,628 

Cash received during the year 

(61,314) 

Balance at end of year 

8,552 

70,906 

69,926 

The amount of the Carried Interest that will be received by the Company depends on the Investment Funds future performance. As a result, the amount of Carried Interest recorded by the Company is based on the cash flows that would be produced assuming termination of the Investment Funds at year end and may be reduced in future periods based on the performance of the Investment Funds in those periods. However, the Company is not required to pay guaranteed returns to the Investment Funds and the amount of any reduction to Carried Interest will be limited to the amounts previously recognized. 

In 2017, the Investment Funds completed the sale of substantially all of their remaining assets. The Company collected a substantial portion of its Carried Interest during the year ended December 31, 2017 and expects to collect the remaining balance, adjusted for intervening income or losses through the date of liquidation of the Investment Funds, in the year ending December 31, 2018. 

F-49 

Table of Contents 

Note 10 Mortgage Servicing Rights and Mortgage Servicing Liabilties 

Carried at Fair Value: 

The activity in MSRs carried at fair value is as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

515,925 

660,247 

325,383 

Additions: 

Purchases 

183,850 

146 

382,824 

Mortgage servicing rights resulting from mortgage loan sales 

24,471 

17,319 

18,013 

208,321 

17,465 

400,837 

Change in fair value due to: 

Changes in valuation inputs used in valuation model (1) 

(4,771) 

(80,244) 

7,352 

Other changes in fair value (2) 

(81,465) 

(81,543) 

(73,325) 

Total change in fair value 

(86,236) 

(161,787) 

(65,973) 

Balance at end of year 

638,010 

515,925 

660,247 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

Fair value of mortgage servicing rights pledged to secure Assets sold under agreements to repurchase and Notes payable 

630,711 

509,847 

(1) 

Principally reflects changes in discount rate and prepayment speed inputs, primarily due to changes in market interest rates, and changes in expected borrower performance and servicer losses given default. 

(2) 

Represents changes due to realization of cash flows. 

F-50 

Table of Contents 

Carried at Lower of Amortized Cost or Fair Value: 

The activity in MSRs carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value is summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Amortized cost: 

Balance at beginning of year 

1,206,694 

798,925 

415,245 

Mortgage servicing rights resulting from mortgage loan sales 

556,630 

560,212 

454,840 

Amortization 

(179,946) 

(139,666) 

(71,160) 

Application of valuation allowance to recognize other-than-temporary impairment 

(12,777) 

Balance at end of year 

1,583,378 

1,206,694 

798,925 

Valuation allowance: 

Balance at beginning of year 

(94,947) 

(47,237) 

(9,800) 

Additions 

(6,853) 

(60,487) 

(37,437) 

Application of valuation allowance to recognize other-than-temporary impairment 

12,777 

Balance at end of year 

(101,800) 

(94,947) 

(47,237) 

Mortgage servicing rights, net 

1,481,578 

1,111,747 

751,688 

Fair value of mortgage servicing rights at end of year 

1,482,426 

1,112,302 

766,345 

Fair value of mortgage servicing rights at beginning of year 

1,112,302 

766,345 

416,802 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

Fair value of mortgage servicing rights pledged to secure Assets sold under agreements to repurchase and Notes payable 

1,467,356 

1,107,824

The following table summarizes the Company s estimate of future amortization of its existing MSRs. This projection was developed using the inputs used by management in its December 31, 2017 valuation of MSRs. The inputs underlying the following estimate will change as market conditions and portfolio composition and behavior change, causing both actual and projected amortization levels to change over time. 

Estimated MSR 

Year ending December 31, 

amortization 

(in thousands) 

2018 

195,154 

2019 

174,729 

2020 

155,777 

2021 

138,141 

2022 

122,541 

Thereafter 

797,036 

1,583,378 

F-51 

Table of Contents 

Mortgage Servicing Liabilities at Fair Value: 

The activity in mortgage servicing liability carried at fair value is summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

15,192 

1,399 

6,306 

Mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from mortgage loan sales 

17,229 

14,991 

20,442 

Mortgage servicing liabilities assumed 

10,139 

Changes in fair value due to: 

Changes in valuation inputs used in valuation model (1) 

6,526 

5,264 

(15,653) 

Other changes in fair value (2) 

(24,827) 

(16,601) 

(9,696) 

Total change in fair value 

(18,301) 

(11,337) 

(25,349) 

Balance at end of year 

14,120 

15,192 

1,399 

(1) 

Principally reflects changes in expected borrower performance and servicer losses given default. 

(2) 

Represents changes due to realization of cash flows. 

Servicing fees relating to MSRs and MSLs are recorded in Net mortgage loan servicing fees Loan servicing fees From non-affiliates on the consolidated statements of income; late charges and other ancillary fees relating to MSRs and MSLs are recorded in Net mortgage loan servicing fees Loan servicing fees Ancillary and other fees on the consolidated statements of income. The fees are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Contractual servicing fees 

475,848 

385,633 

290,474 

Ancillary and other fees: 

Late charges 

25,097 

19,341 

5,835 

Other 

4,603 

4,706 

2,266 

505,548 

409,680 

298,575 

Note 11 Furniture, Fixtures, Equipment and Building Improvements 

Furniture, fixtures, equipment and building improvements is summarized below: 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

Furniture, fixtures, equipment and building improvements 

54,186 

48,713 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(24,733) 

(17,392) 

29,453 

31,321 

Fixed assets pledged to secure obligations under capital lease 

23,915 

25,134 

F-52 

Table of Contents 

Depreciation and amortization expenses are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Depreciation and amortization expenses 

8,150 

6,842 

4,149 

Less: Depreciation and amortization allocated to PMT (1) 

(1,396) 

(1,350) 

(2,051) 

Depreciation and amortization expenses included in Occupancy and equipment 

6,754 

5,492 

2,098 

(1) 

The Company s management agreement with PMT provides for allocation by the Company of certain common overhead costs to PMT. 

Note 12 Capitalized Software 

Capitalized software is summarized below: 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

Cost 

29,621 

13,457 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

(3,892) 

(2,252) 

25,729 

11,205 

Capitalized software pledged to secure obligation under capital lease 

1,568 

515 

Software amortization expense totaled 1.6 million, 357,000 and 324,000 for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company recorded 827,000 of impairment of capitalized software during the year ended December 31, 2017. No such impairment was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Note 13 Borrowings 

The borrowing facilities described throughout this Note 13 contain various covenants, including financial covenants governing the Company s net worth, debt-to-equity ratio, profitability and liquidity. Management believes that the Company was in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2017. 

Assets Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase 

The Company has multiple borrowing facilities in the form of asset sales under agreements to repurchase. These borrowing facilities are secured by mortgage loans held for sale at fair value or participation certificates backed by MSRs and servicing advances. Eligible mortgage loans and participation certificates backed by MSRs and servicing advances are sold at advance rates based on the fair value of the assets sold. Interest is charged at a rate based on the buyer s overnight cost of funds rate or on LIBOR depending on the terms of the respective agreements. Mortgage loans and MSRs financed under these agreements may be re-pledged by the lenders. 

F-53 

Table of Contents 

Assets sold under agreements to repurchase are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(dollars in thousands) 

Average balance of assets sold under agreements to repurchase 

1,829,257 

1,438,181 

823,490 

Weighted average interest rate (1) 

3.18 

2.91 

1.78 

Total interest expense 

60,286 

49,791 

21,377 

Maximum daily amount outstanding 

3,022,656 

2,661,746 

1,976,744 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(dollars in thousands) 

Carrying value: 

Unpaid principal balance 

2,380,866 

1,736,922 

Unamortized premiums and debt issuance costs, net 

672 

(1,808) 

2,381,538 

1,735,114 

Weighted average interest rate 

3.24 

3.02 

Available borrowing capacity (2): 

Committed 

316,503 

347,487 

Uncommitted 

2,257,631 

857,591 

2,574,134 

1,205,078 

Fair value of assets securing repurchase agreements: 

Mortgage loans held for sale 

2,530,299 

1,422,255 

Servicing advances 

114,643 

81,306 

Mortgage servicing rights 

474,922 

1,479,322 

Assets purchased from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust under agreements to resell 

144,128 

150,000 

Margin deposits placed with counterparties (3) 

3,750 

3,000 

(1) 

Excludes the effect of amortization of premium and debt issuance costs totaling 1.3 million, 7.3 million, and 7.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

(2) 

The amount the Company is able to borrow under asset repurchase agreements is tied to the fair value of unencumbered assets eligible to secure those agreements and the Company s ability to fund the agreements margin requirements relating to the assets. 

(3) 

Margin deposits are included in Other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

Following is a summary of maturities of outstanding advances under repurchase agreements by maturity date: 

Remaining maturity at December 31, 2017 

Balance 

(dollars in thousands) 

Within 30 days 

768,906 

Over 30 to 90 days 

1,511,960 

Over 90 to 180 days 

100,000 

Total loans sold under agreements to repurchase 

2,380,866 

Weighted average maturity (in months) 

1.7 

F-54 

Table of Contents 

The amount at risk (the fair value of the assets pledged plus the related margin deposit, less the amount advanced by the counterparty and interest payable) relating to the Company s mortgage loans held for sale sold under agreements to repurchase is summarized by counterparty below as of December 31, 2017: 

Weighted average 

maturity of advances 

under repurchase 

Counterparty 

Amount at risk 

agreement 

Facility maturity 

(in thousands) 

Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC 

489,565 

April 27, 2018 

April 27, 2018 

Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC 

112,168 

January 13, 2018 

April 27, 2018 

Deutsche Bank AG 

76,542 

March 17, 2018 

June 30, 2018 

Bank of America, N.A. 

34,857 

March 19, 2018 

May 25, 2018 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

10,339 

February 15, 2018 

August 24, 2018 

JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

7,662 

February 16, 2018 

October 12, 2018 

BNP Paribas 

5,280 

March 20, 2018 

November 16, 2018 

Royal Bank of Canada 

1,747 

March 10, 2018 

March 29, 2018 

Citibank, N.A. 

1,506 

February 2, 2018 

March 2, 2018 

Barclays Bank PLC 

686 

February 1, 2018 

February 1, 2018 

The Company is subject to margin calls during the period the agreements are outstanding and therefore may be required to repay a portion of the borrowings before the respective agreements mature if the fair value (as determined by the applicable lender) of the mortgage loans securing those agreements decreases. 

Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreements 

Certain of the borrowing facilities secured by mortgage loans held for sale are in the form of mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements. Participation certificates, each of which represents an undivided beneficial ownership interest in mortgage loans that have been pooled with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae, are sold to the lender pending the securitization of the mortgage loans and sale of the resulting securities. A commitment to sell the securities resulting from the pending securitization between the Company and a non-affiliate is also assigned to the lender at the time a participation certificate is sold. 

The purchase price paid by the lender for each participation certificate is based on the trade price of the security, plus an amount of interest expected to accrue on the security to its anticipated delivery date, minus a present value adjustment, any related hedging costs and a holdback amount that is based on a percentage of the purchase price. The holdback amount is not required to be paid to the Company until the settlement of the security and its delivery to the lender. 

The mortgage loan participation and sale agreements are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(dollars in thousands) 

Average balance 

208,613 

268,416 

157,918 

Weighted average interest rate (1) 

2.34 

1.75 

1.45 

Total interest expense 

5,496 

5,523 

2,670 

Maximum daily amount outstanding 

532,266 

1,268,871 

250,325 

(1) 

Excludes the effect of amortization of facility fees totaling 545,000 , 740,000 , and 355,000 for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

F-55 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(dollars in thousands) 

Carrying value: 

Unpaid principal balance 

527,706 

671,562 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 

(311) 

(136) 

527,395 

671,426 

Weighted average interest rate 

2.81 

2.02 

Fair value of mortgage loans pledged to secure mortgage loan participation and sale agreements 

551,688 

702,919 

Notes Payable 

On February 16, 2017, the Company, through the Issuer Trust, issued an aggregate principal amount of 400 million in Term Notes to qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Term Notes bear interest at a rate equal to one-month LIBOR plus 4.75 per annum. The Term Notes will mature on February 25, 2020 or, if extended pursuant to the terms of the related indenture supplement, February 25, 2021 (unless earlier redeemed in accordance with the terms of the Term Notes). 

On August 10, 2017, the Company, through the Issuer Trust, issued an aggregate principal amount of 500 million in Term Notes to qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Term Notes bear interest at a rate equal to one-month LIBOR plus 4.0 per annum. The Term Notes will mature on August 25, 2022 or, if extended pursuant to the terms of the related indenture supplement, August 25, 2023 (unless earlier redeemed in accordance with the terms of the Term Notes). 

The Term Notes rank pari passu with each other and with the VFN issued by Issuer Trust to PLS and are secured by certain participation certificates relating to Ginnie Mae MSRs and ESS that are financed pursuant to the GNMA MSR Facility. 

The Company entered into a revolving credit agreement, pursuant to which the lenders agreed to make revolving loans in an amount not to exceed 150 million. The proceeds of the loans are to be used solely for working capital and general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. Interest on the loans accrues at a per annum rate of interest equal to, at an election of the Company, either LIBOR plus the applicable margin or an alternate base rate (as defined in the credit agreement). During the existence of certain events of default, interest accrues at a higher rate. The maturity date is November 16, 2018. 

During December 2015, the Company entered into a note payable which is secured by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac MSRs. Interest is charged at a rate based on LIBOR plus the applicable contract margin. The maturity date is February 1, 2018. 

Notes payable are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(dollars in thousands) 

Average balance 

586,135 

108,475 

214,235 

Weighted average interest rate (1) 

5.86 

5.13 

3.28 

Total interest expense 

39,369 

8,688 

9,336 

Maximum daily amount outstanding 

900,000 

153,849 

469,380 

(1) 

Excluding the effect of amortization of debt issuance costs totaling 4.5 million, 3.0 million and 2.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

F-56 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(dollars in thousands) 

Carrying value: 

Unpaid principal balance 

900,006 

151,935 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 

(8,501) 

(993) 

891,505 

150,942 

Weighted average interest rate 

5.66 

4.67 

Unused amount 

280,000 

98,065 

Assets pledged to secure notes payable: 

Cash 

20,765 

91,788 

Carried Interest 

8,552 

70,906 

Mortgage servicing rights 

1,623,145 

138,349 

Obligations Under Capital Lease 

In December 2015, the Company entered into a capital lease transaction secured by certain fixed assets and capitalized software. The capital lease matures on March 23, 2020 and bears interest at a spread over one-month LIBOR. 

Obligations under capital lease are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(dollars in thousands) 

Average balance 

24,830 

18,620 

1,132 

Weighted average interest rate 

3.07 

2.47 

2.34 

Total interest expense 

769 

510 

18 

Maximum daily amount outstanding 

30,044 

24,242 

13,579 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

Unpaid principal balance 

20,971 

23,424 

Weighted average interest rate 

3.26 

2.48 

Assets pledged to secure obligations under capital lease: 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

23,915 

25,134 

Capitalized software 

1,568 

515 

Excess Servicing Spread Financing at Fair Value 

In conjunction with the Company s purchase from non-affiliates of certain MSRs on pools of Agency-backed residential mortgage loans, the Company has entered into sale and assignment agreements with PMT. Under these agreements, the Company sold to PMT the right to receive ESS cash flows relating to certain MSRs. The Company retained all ancillary income associated with servicing the loans and a fixed base servicing fee. The Company continues to be the servicer of the mortgage loans and retains all servicing obligations, including responsibility to make servicing advances. 

F-57 

Table of Contents 

Following is a summary of ESS: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

288,669 

412,425 

191,166 

Issuances of excess servicing spread to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust: 

For cash 

271,554 

Pursuant to a recapture agreement with PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

5,244 

6,603 

6,728 

Accrual of interest 

16,951 

22,601 

25,365 

Repayment 

(54,980) 

(69,992) 

(78,578) 

Settlement (1) 

(59,045) 

Change in fair value 

(19,350) 

(23,923) 

(3,810) 

Balance at end of year 

236,534 

288,669 

412,425 

(1) 

On February 29, 2016, the Company and PMT terminated that certain master spread acquisition and MSR servicing agreement that the parties entered into effective February 1, 2013 (the 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement and all amendments thereto. In connection with the termination of the 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement, the Company reacquired from PMT all of its right, title and interest in and to all of the Fannie Mae ESS previously sold by the Company to PMT under the 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement and then subject to such 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement. On February 29, 2016, the Company also reacquired from PMT all of its right, title and interest in and to all of the Freddie Mac ESS previously sold to PMT by the Company. 

Note 14 Liability for Losses Under Representations and Warranties 

Following is a summary of the Company s liability for losses under representations and warranties: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

19,067 

20,611 

13,259 

Provision for losses on mortgage loans sold: 

Resulting from sales of mortgage loans 

5,890 

7,090 

7,512 

Reduction in liability due to change in estimate 

(4,301) 

(7,672) 

Incurred losses 

(603) 

(962) 

(160) 

Balance at end of year 

20,053 

19,067 

20,611 

Unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans subject to representations and warranties at end of year 

120,855,101 

90,650,605 

Note 15 Income Taxes 

The Company files U.S. federal and state corporate income tax returns for PFSI and partnership returns for PennyMac. The Company s federal tax returns are subject to examination for 2014 and forward and its state tax returns are generally subject to examination for 2013 and forward. PennyMac s federal partnership returns are subject to examination for 2014 and forward, and its state tax returns are generally subject to examination for 2013 and forward. No returns are currently under examination. 

The Company s tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2017 was significantly impacted by the enactment on December 22, 2017 of H.R. 1, known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ). The Tax Act reduces the U.S. federal corporate tax rate to 21 from the previous maximum rate of 35 , effective January 1, 2018. 

GAAP requires that the effect of tax legislation be recognized in the period in which the law was enacted. In the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company recorded a tax benefit of 13.7 million due to a re-measurement of deferred tax 

F-58 

Table of Contents 

assets and liabilities resulting from a decrease in the federal tax rate . The re-measurement of the deferred tax assets and liabilities is predominantly based on a reduction to the federal rate as described above which will result in lower tax expense when these deferred tax assets and liabilities are realized. The Company is not aware of any areas of significant interpretation or judgment in the calculation of this benefit. However, if any additional interpretive guidance is released from taxing authorities or accounting standard setters, it is possible these amounts could change the calculation of the tax benefit in future reporting periods. 

The revaluation of the deferred tax asset resulting from PennyMac unitholder exchanges under the tax receivable agreement resulted in the repricing of the Company s corresponding liability under the tax receivable agreement. The Company recorded a reduction of 32.0 million in the payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under the tax receivable agreement. 

The following table details the Company s income tax expense: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Current expense: 

Federal 

(81) 

(1,622) 

State 

56 

(244) 

Total current expense 

(25) 

(1,866) 

Deferred expense: 

Federal 

14,674 

38,082 

24,819 

State 

9,738 

9,887 

6,816 

Total deferred expense 

24,412 

47,969 

31,635 

Total provision for income taxes 

24,387 

46,103 

31,635 

The provision for deferred income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 primarily relates to the Company s investment in PennyMac partially offset by the Company s generation and utilization of a net operating loss and generation of tax credits. The portion attributable to its investment in PennyMac primarily relates to MSRs that PennyMac received pursuant to sales of mortgage loans held for sale at fair value and Carried Interest from the Investment Funds. 

The following table is a reconciliation of the Company s provision for income taxes at statutory rates to the provision for income taxes at the Company s effective tax rate: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

Federal income tax statutory rate 

35.0

35.0

35.0 

Less: Rate attributable to noncontrolling interest 

(22.0) 

(24.8) 

(25.1) 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

2.2

1.6

1.6 

Tax rate revaluation 

(8.0) 

0.0

0.0

Other 

0.1

0.2

(0.2) 

Valuation allowance 

0.0

0.0

0.0

Effective tax rate 

7.3

12.0

11.3

F-59 

Table of Contents 

The components of the Company s provision for deferred income taxes are as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Investment in PennyMac 

34,011 

40,493 

40,272 

Net operating loss 

(9,675) 

8,110 

(8,637) 

Tax credits 

76 

(634) 

Valuation allowance 

Total provision for deferred income taxes 

24,412 

47,969 

31,635 

The components of Income taxes payable are as follows: 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

Taxes currently receivable 

(2,126) 

(7,615) 

Deferred income tax liability, net 

54,286 

32,703 

Income taxes payable 

52,160 

25,088 

The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to deferred income tax assets and liabilities are presented below: 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Investment in PennyMac 

65,046 

33,864 

Net operating loss carryforward 

(10,202) 

(527) 

Tax credits carryforward 

(558) 

(634) 

Deferred income tax liabilities, net 

54,286 

32,703 

The Company recorded a net deferred income tax liability in Income taxes payable in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

The Company recorded a deferred tax asset of 10.2 million related to a net operating loss of approximately 37.4 million, with 1.3 million and 36.1 million generally expiring in 2035 and 2037, respectively. Net operating losses arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 are limited in annual use to 80 of taxable income (without regard to net operating less deduction) but can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company has tax credits of 0.6 million, which generally have no expiration date. 

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits and does not anticipate any unrecognized tax benefits. Should the recognition of any interest or penalties relative to unrecognized tax benefits be necessary, it is the Company s policy to record such expenses in the Company s income tax accounts. No such accruals existed at December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies 

Litigation 

The business of the Company involves the collection of numerous accounts, as well as the validation of liens and compliance with various state and federal lending and servicing laws. Accordingly, the Company may be involved in proceedings, claims, and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2017, the 

F-60 

Table of Contents 

Company was not involved in any legal proceedings, claims, or actions that in management s view would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Regulatory Matters 

The Company and/or its subsidiaries are subject to various state and federal regulations related to its loan production and servicing operations by the various states it operates in as well as federal agencies such as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, HUD, the Federal Housing Administration as well as subject to the requirements of the Agencies it sells loans to and performs loan servicing for. As the result, the Company may become involved in information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by the various federal, state and local regulatory bodies. 

Commitments to Purchase and Fund Mortgage Loans 

December 31, 2017 

(in thousands) 

Commitments to purchase mortgage loans from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

2,245,579 

Commitments to fund mortgage loans 

1,409,376 

3,654,955 

Leases 

The Company leases office facilities. Rent expense during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was 12.3 million, 9.1 million and 4.6 million, respectively. 

The following table provides a summary of future minimum lease payments required under lease agreements, which may also contain renewal options as of December 31, 2017: 

Twelve months ended December 31, 

Future minimum lease payments 

(in thousands) 

2018 

13,688 

2019 

14,404 

2020 

14,203 

2021 

12,017 

2022 

9,875 

Thereafter 

32,067 

96,254 

Commitment to Make Distributions to PennyMac Owners 

Under the terms of its Limited Liability Company Agreement, PennyMac is required to make cash distributions to the Company s noncontrolling interest holders in amounts sufficient to allow such noncontrolling interest holders to pay federal and state taxes on their allocable share of PennyMac taxable income. Such distributions are calculated and, if required, made quarterly. 

Note 17 Stockholders Equity 

In June 2017, the Company s board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to 50 million of its outstanding Class A common stock. 

F-61 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the Company s stock repurchase activity: 

Year ended December 31, 

Cumulative 

2017 

2016 

2015 

Total (1) 

(in thousands) 

Shares of Class A common stock repurchased 

505 

505 

Cost of shares of Class A common stock repurchased 

8,599 

8,599 

(1) 

Amounts represent the total shares of Class A common stock repurchased under the stock repurchase program through December 31, 2017. 

The shares of repurchased Class A common stock were canceled upon settlement of the repurchase transactions and returned to the authorized but unissued common stock pool. 

Note 18 Noncontrolling Interest 

Net income attributable to the Company s common stockholders and the effects of changes in noncontrolling ownership interest in PennyMac is summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Net income attributable to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. common stockholders 

100,757 

66,079 

47,228 

Increase in the Company's additional paid-in capital for exchanges of Class A units of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC to Class A common stock of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 

27,119 

6,877 

4,982 

Shares of Class A common stock of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. issued pursuant to exchange of Class A units of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC 

1,608 

301 

319 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

Percentage of noncontrolling interest in Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC 

69.2 

70.6 

F-62 

Table of Contents 

Note 19 Net Gains on Mortgage Loans Held for Sale 

Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value is summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

From non-affiliates: 

Cash (loss) gain: 

Mortgage loans 

(174,669) 

(62,283) 

(82,709) 

Hedging activities 

(16,866) 

10,275 

(47,150) 

(191,535) 

(52,008) 

(129,859) 

Non-cash gain: 

Mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from mortgage loan sales 

563,872 

562,540 

452,411 

Provision for losses relating to representations and warranties: 

Pursuant to mortgage loan sales 

(5,890) 

(7,090) 

(7,512) 

Reduction in liability due to change in estimate 

4,301 

7,672 

Change in fair value relating to mortgage loans and hedging derivatives held at year end: 

Interest rate lock commitments 

(1,120) 

15,618 

11,372 

Mortgage loans 

4,576 

2,796 

3,949 

Hedging derivatives 

(4,389) 

10,344 

(1,810) 

369,815 

539,872 

328,551 

From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

21,989 

(8,092) 

(7,836) 

391,804 

531,780 

320,715 

F-63 

Table of Contents 

Note 20 Net Interest Expense 

Net interest expense is summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Interest income: 

From non-affiliates: 

Short-term investments 

2,356 

2,558 

506 

Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

91,972 

54,584 

42,008 

Placement fees relating to custodial funds 

40,813 

16,155 

3,298 

135,141 

73,297 

45,812 

From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Financings receivable 

8,038 

7,830 

3,343 

143,179 

81,127 

49,155 

Interest expense: 

To non-affiliates: 

Assets sold under agreements to repurchase (1) 

60,286 

49,791 

21,377 

Mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements 

5,496 

5,523 

2,670 

Notes payable 

39,369 

8,688 

9,336 

Obligations under capital lease 

769 

510 

18 

Interest shortfall on repayments of mortgage loans serviced for Agency securitizations 

16,933 

15,102 

6,883 

Interest on mortgage loan impound deposits 

4,716 

3,991 

2,888 

127,569 

83,605 

43,172 

To PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Excess servicing spread financing at fair value 

16,951 

22,601 

25,365 

144,520 

106,206 

68,537 

(1,341) 

(25,079) 

(19,382) 

(1) 

In 2017, the Company entered a master repurchase agreement that provides the Company with incentives to finance mortgage loans approved for satisfying certain consumer relief characteristics as provided in the agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company included 9.2 million of such incentives as a reduction in Interest expense . The master repurchase agreement has an initial term of six months renewable for three additional six-month terms at the option of the lender. There can be no assurance whether the lender will renew this agreement upon its maturity. 

Note 21 Stock based Compensation 

The Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan provides for grants of stock options, time-based and performance-based restricted stock units RSUs ), stock appreciation rights, performance units and stock grants. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has 18.8 million units available for future awards. 

Following is a summary of the stock-based compensation expense by instrument awarded: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Performance-based RSUs 

11,020 

9,475 

9,293 

Stock options 

4,909 

4,464 

5,713 

Time-based RSUs 

4,768 

2,494 

2,294 

Exchangeable PNMAC units 

72 

221 

20,697 

16,505 

17,521 

F-64 

Table of Contents 

Performance Based RSUs 

The performance based RSUs provide for the issuance of shares of the Company s Class A common stock based on the attainment of earnings per share and/or return on equity and are generally adjusted for grantee job performance ratings. The satisfaction of the performance goals and issuance of shares will be approved by a committee of the Company s board of directors. Approximately 779,000 shares vested under the grants with a performance period ended December 31, 2017 will be issued to the grantees in April 2018. 

The fair value of the performance based RSUs is measured based on the fair value of the Company s common stock at the grant date, taking into consideration management s estimate of the expected outcome of the performance goal, and the number of shares to be forfeited during the vesting period. The Company assumes forfeiture rates of 0 21.1 per year based on the grantees employee classification. The actual amount of shares earned could vary from zero, if the performance goals are not met, to as much as 130 of target, if the performance goals are meaningfully exceeded. 

The table below summarizes performance based RSU activity: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands, except per unit amounts) 

Number of units: 

Outstanding at beginning of year 

2,475 

2,350 

1,257 

Granted 

694 

813 

1,143 

Vested 

(446) 

Forfeited or cancelled 

(334) 

(688) 

(50) 

Outstanding at end of year 

2,389 

2,475 

2,350 

Weighted average grant date fair value per unit: 

Outstanding at beginning of year 

14.24 

16.30 

15.48 

Granted 

18.04 

11.28 

17.21 

Vested 

13.65 

Forfeited 

14.45 

16.87 

16.46 

Outstanding at end of year 

15.57 

14.24 

16.30 

Compensation expense recorded during the year 

11,020 

9,475 

9,293 

December 31, 

2017 

Unamortized compensation cost (in thousands) 

10,098 

Number of shares expected to vest (in thousands) 

1,967 

Weighted average remaining vesting period (in months) 

11 

Stock Options 

The stock option award agreements provide for the award of stock options to purchase the optioned Class A common stock. In general, and except as otherwise provided by the agreement, one third of the stock option awards vests on each of the first, second, and third anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the recipient s continued service through each anniversary. Each stock option has a term of ten years from the date of grant but expires (1) immediately upon termination of the holder s employment or other association with the Company for cause, (2) one year after the holder s employment or other association is terminated due to death or disability and (3) three months after the holder s employment or other association is terminated for any other reason. 

F-65 

Table of Contents 

The fair value of each stock option award is estimated on the date of grant using a variant of the Black Scholes model based on the following inputs: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

Expected volatility (1) 

31 

28 

41 

Expected dividends 

0 

0 

0 

Risk-free interest rate 

0.8 -2.7 

0.3 - 2.1 

0.1 - 2.3 

Expected grantee forfeiture rate 

0.0 -21.1 

0.0 -20.2 

0.0 -18.7 

(1) 

Based on historical volatilities of the Company s common stock for 2017 and 2016 grants and based on historical volatilities of comparable companies common stock for 2015 grants. 

The Company uses its historical employee departure behavior to estimate the grantee forfeiture rates used in its option pricing model. The expected term of common stock options granted is derived from the Company s option pricing model and represents the period that common stock options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk free interest rate for periods within the contractual term of the common stock option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 

The table below summarizes stock option award activity: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands, except per option amounts) 

Number of stock options: 

Outstanding at beginning of year 

2,738 

1,845 

1,167 

Granted 

861 

962 

715 

Exercised 

(90) 

(9) 

Forfeited 

(52) 

(60) 

(37) 

Outstanding at end of year 

3,457 

2,738 

1,845 

Weighted average exercise price per option: 

Outstanding at beginning of year 

15.81 

18.17 

18.23 

Granted 

18.05 

11.29 

17.52 

Exercised 

15.04 

17.33 

17.26 

Forfeited 

15.58 

15.66 

17.88 

Outstanding at end of year 

16.40 

15.81 

18.17 

Compensation expense recorded during the year 

4,909 

4,464 

5,713 

December 31, 

2017 

Number of options exercisable at end of year (in thousands) 

1,781 

Weighted average exercise price per exercisable option 

17.21 

Weighted average remaining contractual term (in years): 

Outstanding 

7.5 

Exercisable 

6.6 

Aggregate intrinsic value: 

Outstanding (in thousands) 

20,583 

Exercisable (in thousands) 

9,151 

Expected vesting amounts at year end: 

Number of options expected to vest (in thousands) 

1,541 

Weighted average vesting period (in months) 

10 

F-66 

Table of Contents 

Time Based RSUs 

The RSU grant agreements provide for the award of time based RSUs, entitling the award recipient to one share of the Company s Class A common stock for each RSU. One third of the time based RSUs vest on each of the first, second, and third anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the recipient s continued service through each anniversary. 

Compensation cost relating to time based RSUs is based on the grant date fair value of the Company s Class A common stock and the number of shares expected to vest. For purposes of estimating the cost of the time based RSUs granted, the Company assumes forfeiture rates of 0 21.1 per year based on the grantees employee classification. 

The table below summarizes time based RSU activity: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands, except per unit amounts) 

Number of units: 

Outstanding at beginning of year 

382 

271 

202 

Granted 

408 

261 

150 

Vested 

(173) 

(127) 

(75) 

Forfeited 

(17) 

(23) 

(6) 

Outstanding at end of year 

600 

382 

271 

Weighted average grant date fair value per unit: 

Outstanding at beginning of year 

13.71 

17.81 

17.92 

Granted 

18.02 

11.77 

17.87 

Vested 

14.66 

17.99 

18.25 

Forfeited 

14.87 

15.55 

26.07 

Outstanding at end of year 

16.37 

13.71 

17.81 

Compensation expense recorded during the year 

4,768 

2,494 

2,294 

December 31, 

2017 

Unamortized compensation cost (in thousands) 

3,626 

Number of shares expected to vest (in thousands) 

535 

Weighted average remaining vesting period (in months) 

12 

Note 22 Earnings Per Share of Common Stock 

Basic earnings per share of common stock is determined using net income attributable to the Company s common stockholders divided by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share of common stock is determined by dividing net income attributable to the Company s common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding, assuming all dilutive shares of common stock were issued. 

Potentially dilutive shares of common stock include non-vested stock-based compensation awards and PennyMac Class A units. The Company applies the treasury stock method to determine the diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding represented by the non-vested stock-based compensation awards. The diluted earnings per share calculation assumes the exchange of PennyMac Class A units for shares of common stock. Accordingly, earnings attributable to the Company s common stockholders is also adjusted to include the earnings allocated to the PennyMac Class A units after taking into account the income taxes that would be applicable to such earnings. 

F-67 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Basic earnings per share of common stock: 

Net income attributable to common stockholders 

100,757 

66,079 

47,228 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 

23,199 

22,161 

21,755 

Basic earnings per share of common stock 

4.34 

2.98 

2.17 

Diluted earnings per share of common stock: 

Net income attributable to common stockholders 

100,757 

66,079 

47,228 

Effect of net income attributable to PennyMac Class A units exchangeable to Class A common stock, net of income taxes 

159,570 

119,697 

Net income attributable to common stockholders for diluted earnings per share 

100,757 

225,649 

166,925 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding applicable to basic earnings per share 

23,199 

22,161 

21,755 

Effect of dilutive shares: 

PennyMac Class A units exchangeable to Class A common stock 

53,951 

53,803 

Non-vested PennyMac Class A units issuable under unit-based stock compensation plan and exchangeable to common stock 

427 

Common shares issuable under stock-based compensation plan 

1,800 

517 

119 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding applicable to diluted earnings per share 

24,999 

76,629 

76,104 

Diluted earnings per share of common stock 

4.03 

2.94 

2.17 

Calculations of diluted earnings per share require certain potentially dilutive shares to be excluded when their inclusion in the diluted earnings per share calculation would be anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes the anti-dilutive weighted-average number of outstanding stock options and restricted stock units RSUs excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share: 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands, except exercise price data) 

Performance-based RSUs (1) 

497 

2,054 

2,358 

Stock options (2) 

1,323 

1,829 

1,748 

Exchangeable PNMAC Class A units (3) 

53,299 

Total anti-dilutive stock-based compensation units 

55,119 

3,883 

4,106 

Weighted average exercise price of anti-dilutive stock options (2) 

16.40 

15.81

18.17

(1) 

Certain performance-based RSUs were outstanding but not included in the computation of earnings per share because the performance thresholds included in such RSUs have not been achieved 

(2) 

Certain stock options were outstanding but not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the weighted-average exercise prices were above the average stock prices during the year. 

(3) 

Exchangeable PNMAC units were anti-dilutive during 2017 primarily due to the effect of adoption of the Tax Act on earnings attributable to PNMAC unitholders. 

F-68 

Table of Contents 

Note 23 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Cash paid for interest 

158,147 

104,938 

69,317 

(Refunds received) cash paid for income taxes, net 

(5,513) 

1,866 

1,909 

Non-cash investing activity: 

Mortgage servicing rights resulting from mortgage loan sales 

581,101 

577,531 

472,853 

Mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from mortgage loan sales 

17,229 

14,991 

20,442 

Unsettled portion of MSR acquisitions 

5,319 

Transfer of Note receivable from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust to Assets purchased from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust under agreements to resell pledged to creditors 

150,000 

Non-cash financing activity: 

Transfer of E xcess servicing spread payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust pursuant to a recapture agreement 

5,244 

6,603 

6,728 

Unpaid distribution to Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC members 

7,585 

Issuance of Class A common stock in settlement of director fees 

338 

313 

297 

Note 24 Regulatory Capital and Liquidity Requirements 

The Company, through PLS and PennyMac, is required to maintain specified levels of equity to remain a seller/servicer in good standing with the Agencies. Such equity requirements generally are tied to the size of the Company s loan servicing portfolio or loan origination volume. 

The Company is subject to financial eligibility requirements for sellers/servicers eligible to sell or service mortgage loans with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The eligibility requirements include tangible net worth of 2.5 million plus 25 basis points (0.25 of the Company s total 1-4 unit servicing portfolio, excluding mortgage loans subserviced for others and a liquidity requirement equal to 3.5 basis points of the aggregate UPB serviced for the Agencies plus 200 basis points of total nonperforming Agency servicing UPB in excess of 6.0 . 

The Company is also subject to financial eligibility requirements for Ginnie Mae single-family issuers. The eligibility requirements include net worth of 2.5 million plus 35 basis points of PLS' outstanding Ginnie Mae single-family obligations and a liquidity requirement equal to the greater of 1.0 million or 10 basis points of PLS' outstanding Ginnie Mae single-family securities. 

F-69 

Table of Contents 

The Agencies capital and liquidity requirements, the calculations of which are specified by each Agency, are summarized below: 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Agency company subject to requirement 

Actual (1) 

Requirement (1) 

Actual (1) 

Requirement (1) 

(dollars in thousands) 

Capital 

Fannie Mae Freddie Mac PLS 

1,561,977 

429,671 

1,289,464 

335,883 

Ginnie Mae PLS 

1,307,580 

674,133 

1,085,549 

455,542 

Ginnie Mae PennyMac 

1,511,201 

741,574 

1,261,565 

501,097 

HUD PLS 

1,307,580 

2,500 

1,085,549 

2,500 

Liquidity 

Fannie Mae Freddie Mac PLS 

196,415 

58,754 

179,230 

45,930 

Ginnie Mae PLS 

196,415 

153,431 

179,230 

115,304 

Tangible net worth / Total assets ratio 

Fannie Mae Freddie Mac PLS 

21 

6 

26

6

(1) 

Calculated in compliance with the respective Agency s requirements. 

Noncompliance with an Agency s requirements can result in such Agency taking various remedial actions up to and including terminating PennyMac s ability to sell loans to and service loans on behalf of the respective Agency. 

Note 25 Segments 

The Company operates in three segments: production, servicing and investment management. 

Two of the segments are in the mortgage banking business: production and servicing. The production segment performs mortgage loan origination, acquisition and sale activities. The servicing segment performs servicing of newly originated mortgage loans, execution and management of early buyout transactions and servicing of mortgage loans sourced and managed by the investment management segment for the Advised Entities, including executing the loan resolution strategy identified by the investment management segment relating to distressed mortgage loans. 

The investment management segment represents the activities of the Company s investment manager, which include sourcing, performing diligence, bidding and closing investment asset acquisitions, managing correspondent production activities for PMT and managing the acquired assets for the Advised Entities. 

F-70 

Table of Contents 

Financial performance and results by segment are as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 2017 

Mortgage Banking 

Investment 

Production 

Servicing 

Total 

Management 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Revenue: (1) 

Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

286,242 

105,562 

391,804 

391,804 

Loan origination fees 

119,202 

119,202 

119,202 

Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

80,359 

80,359 

80,359 

Net servicing fees 

306,059 

306,059 

306,059 

Management fees 

23,585 

23,585 

Carried Interest from Investment Funds 

(1,040) 

(1,040) 

Net interest income (expense): 

Interest income 

61,195 

81,984 

143,179 

143,179 

Interest expense 

35,359 

109,112 

144,471 

49 

144,520 

25,836 

(27,128) 

(1,292) 

(49) 

(1,341) 

Other 

2,002 

1,710 

3,712 

183 

3,895 

Total net revenue 

513,641 

386,203 

899,844 

22,679 

922,523 

Expenses 

275,133 

327,531 

602,664 

16,890 

619,554 

Income before provision for income taxes and non-segment activities 

238,508 

58,672 

297,180 

5,789 

302,969 

Non-segment activities (2) 

32,940 

Income before provision for income taxes 

238,508 

58,672 

297,180 

5,789 

335,909 

Segment assets at year end (3) 

2,459,014 

4,886,594 

7,345,608 

19,880 

7,365,488 

(1) 

All revenues are from external customers. 

(2) 

Primarily represents repricing Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement, of which, 32.0 million is the result of the change in the federal tax rate under the Tax Act. 

(3) 

Excludes parent company assets, which consist of working capital of 2.6 million. 

F-71 

Table of Contents 

Year ended December 31, 2016 

Mortgage Banking 

Investment 

Production 

Servicing 

Total 

Management 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Revenue: (1) 

Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

464,027 

67,753 

531,780 

531,780 

Loan origination fees 

125,534 

125,534 

125,534 

Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

86,465 

86,465 

86,465 

Net servicing fees 

185,466 

185,466 

185,466 

Management fees 

22,746 

22,746 

Carried Interest from Investment Funds 

980 

980 

Net interest income (expense): 

Interest income 

48,944 

32,182 

81,126 

1 

81,127 

Interest expense 

32,669 

73,537 

106,206 

50 

106,256 

16,275 

(41,355) 

(25,080) 

(49) 

(25,129) 

Other 

2,104 

1,022 

3,126 

319 

3,445 

Total net revenue 

694,405 

212,886 

907,291 

23,996 

931,287 

Expenses 

278,309 

248,985 

527,294 

21,510 

548,804 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes and non-segment activities 

416,096 

(36,099) 

379,997 

2,486 

382,483 

Non-segment activities (2) 

600 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

416,096 

(36,099) 

379,997 

2,486 

383,083 

Segment assets at year end (3) 

2,195,330 

2,841,551 

5,036,881 

91,517 

5,128,398 

(1) 

All revenues are from external customers 

(2) 

Primarily represents repricing of Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement . 

(3) 

Excludes parent company assets, which consist primarily of working capital of 5.5 million. 

F-72 

Table of Contents 

Year ended December 31, 2015 

Mortgage Banking 

Investment 

Production 

Servicing 

Total 

Management 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Revenues: (1) 

Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

310,254 

10,461 

320,715 

320,715 

Loan origination fees 

91,520 

91,520 

91,520 

Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

58,607 

58,607 

58,607 

Net servicing fees 

229,543 

229,543 

229,543 

Management fees 

28,237 

28,237 

Carried Interest from Investment Funds 

2,628 

2,628 

Net interest income (expense): 

Interest income 

39,238 

9,917 

49,155 

49,155 

Interest expense 

19,851 

48,686 

68,537 

68,537 

19,387 

(38,769) 

(19,382) 

(19,382) 

Other 

1,868 

1,087 

2,955 

(18) 

2,937 

Total net revenue 

481,636 

202,322 

683,958 

30,847 

714,805 

Expenses 

209,767 

201,025 

410,792 

23,125 

433,917 

Income before provision for income taxes and non-segment activities 

271,869 

1,297 

273,166 

7,722 

280,888 

Non-segment activities (2) 

(1,695) 

Income before provision for income taxes 

271,869 

1,297 

273,166 

7,722 

279,193 

Segment assets at year end (3) 

1,122,242 

2,270,940 

3,393,182 

92,893 

3,486,075 

(1) 

All revenues are from external customers. 

(2) 

Represents repricing of Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement . 

(3) 

Excludes parent Company assets, which consist primarily of deferred tax asset of 18.4 million 

F-73 

Table of Contents 

Note 26 Selected Quarterly Data (Unaudited) 

Following is a presentation of selected quarterly financial data: 

Quarter ended 

2017 

2016 

Dec. 31 

Sept. 30 

June. 30 

Mar. 31 

Dec. 31 

Sept. 30 

June. 30 

Mar. 31 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

During the quarter: 

Net gains on mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

98,621 

108,136 

98,091 

86,956 

127,932 

182,121 

130,203 

91,524 

Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

19,175 

23,507 

21,107 

16,570 

27,164 

27,255 

19,111 

12,935 

Net mortgage loan servicing fees 

106,902 

78,081 

46,913 

74,163 

95,528 

45,864 

26,555 

17,519 

Management fees and Carried Interest 

5,993 

5,058 

6,248 

5,246 

5,619 

5,628 

5,974 

6,505 

Other income 

67,943 

35,853 

29,362 

21,538 

33,042 

30,527 

25,963 

14,918 

298,634 

250,635 

201,721 

204,473 

289,285 

291,395 

207,806 

143,401 

Expenses 

176,861 

156,491 

143,761 

142,441 

159,877 

152,117 

123,548 

113,262 

Income before (benefit from) provision for income taxes 

121,773 

94,144 

57,960 

62,032 

129,408 

139,278 

84,258 

30,139 

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

(2,125) 

11,652 

7,214 

7,646 

15,568 

16,976 

9,963 

3,596 

Net income 

123,898 

82,492 

50,746 

54,386 

113,840 

122,302 

74,295 

26,543 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

61,580 

65,411 

40,267 

43,507 

91,096 

98,617 

59,820 

21,368 

Net income attributable to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. common stockholders 

62,318 

17,081 

10,479 

10,879 

22,744 

23,685 

14,475 

5,175 

Earnings per share of common stock: 

Basic 

2.67 

0.73 

0.45 

0.48 

1.02 

1.07 

0.66 

0.24 

Diluted 

2.44 

0.71 

0.44 

0.47 

1.00 

1.06 

0.65 

0.23 

At quarter end: 

Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value 

3,099,103 

2,935,593 

3,037,602 

2,277,751 

2,172,815 

3,127,377 

2,097,138 

1,653,963 

Mortgage servicing rights 

2,119,588 

2,016,485 

1,951,599 

1,725,061 

1,627,672 

1,337,674 

1,290,928 

1,337,082 

Carried Interest from Investment Funds 

8,552 

8,547 

71,019 

70,778 

70,906 

70,870 

70,763 

70,519 

Servicing advances, net 

318,066 

262,650 

291,907 

317,513 

348,306 

306,150 

296,581 

284,140 

Other assets 

1,822,784 

1,165,094 

1,052,611 

860,274 

914,203 

754,123 

860,910 

635,559 

Total assets 

7,368,093 

6,388,369 

6,404,738 

5,251,377 

5,133,902 

5,596,194 

4,616,320 

3,981,263 

Assets sold under agreements to repurchase 

2,381,538 

2,096,492 

3,021,328 

2,034,808 

1,735,114 

2,491,366 

1,591,798 

1,658,578 

Mortgage loan participation and sale agreement 

527,395 

531,776 

243,361 

241,638 

671,426 

782,913 

737,176 

246,636 

Notes payable 

891,505 

890,884 

429,692 

436,725 

150,942 

110,619 

114,235 

127,693 

Excess servicing spread financing at fair value to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 

236,534 

248,763 

261,796 

277,484 

288,669 

280,367 

294,551 

321,976 

Other liabilities 

1,611,447 

1,030,163 

937,309 

803,127 

888,395 

640,525 

707,707 

533,167 

Total liabilities 

5,648,419 

4,798,078 

4,893,486 

3,793,782 

3,734,546 

4,305,790 

3,445,467 

2,888,050 

Total equity 

1,719,674 

1,590,291 

1,511,252 

1,457,595 

1,399,356 

1,290,404 

1,170,853 

1,093,213 

Total liabilities and equity 

7,368,093 

6,388,369 

6,404,738 

5,251,377 

5,133,902 

5,596,194 

4,616,320 

3,981,263 

F-74 

Table of Contents 

Note 27 Parent Company Information 

The Company s debt financing agreements require PLS, the Company s indirect controlled subsidiary, to comply with financial covenants that include a minimum tangible net worth of 500 million. PLS is limited from transferring funds to the Parent by this minimum tangible net worth requirement. 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

(in thousands) 

ASSETS 

Cash 

2,605 

5,505 

Investments in subsidiaries 

556,439 

472,792 

Due from subsidiaries 

6,538 

3,585 

Total assets 

565,582 

481,882 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement 

44,011 

75,954 

Income taxes payable 

52,160 

25,077 

Total liabilities 

96,171 

101,031 

Stockholders' equity 

469,411 

380,851 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

565,582 

481,882 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Revenues 

Dividends from subsidiary 

6,418 

3,825 

Interest 

49 

121 

Revaluation of Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement 

32,940 

551 

(1,695) 

Total revenue 

32,940 

7,018 

2,251 

Expenses 

Interest 

6 

Total expenses 

6 

Income before provision for income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings in subsidiaries 

32,940 

7,018 

2,245 

Provision for income taxes 

24,387 

46,103 

31,635 

Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

8,553 

(39,085) 

(29,390) 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

92,204 

105,164 

76,618 

Net income 

100,757 

66,079 

47,228 

F-75 

Table of Contents 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

100,757 

66,079 

47,228 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in operating activities 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

(92,204) 

(105,164) 

(76,618) 

Revaluation of Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement 

(32,940) 

(551) 

1,695 

Decrease in deferred tax asset 

18,668 

29,730 

Decrease (increase) in intercompany receivable 

5,646 

(76) 

(3,819) 

Payments to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement 

(6,726) 

(5,132) 

Increase in income taxes payable 

29,912 

25,559 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

4,445 

4,515 

(6,916) 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Repurchase of common stock 

(8,599) 

Proceeds from common stock options exercised 

1,254 

149 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

(7,345) 

149 

Net change in cash 

(2,900) 

4,664 

(6,916) 

Cash at beginning of year 

5,505 

841 

7,757 

Cash at end of year 

2,605 

5,505 

841 

Note 28 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Revenue Recognition 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Subtopic 606) ASU 2014-09 ), which supersedes the guidance in the Revenue Recognition topic of the ASC. ASU 2014-09 clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue in order to improve comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities and industries with certain scope exceptions including financial instruments, leases, and guarantees. ASU 2014-09 provides guidance intended to assist in the identification of contracts with customers and separate performance obligations within those contracts, the determination and allocation of the transaction price to those identified performance obligations and the recognition of revenue when a performance obligation has been satisfied. ASU 2014-09 also requires disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. 

Upon adoption, ASU 2014-09 provides for transition through either a full retrospective approach requiring the restatement of all presented prior periods or a modified retrospective approach, which allows the new recognition standard to be applied to only those contracts that are not completed at the date of transition. If the modified retrospective approach is adopted, a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings is performed with additional disclosures required including the amount by which each line item is affected by the transition as compared to the guidance in effect before adoption and an explanation of the reasons for significant changes in these amounts. 

The FASB has issued several amendments to the new revenue standard ASU 2014-09, including: 

In August 2015, ASU 2015-14, Revenue From Contracts With Customers ASU 2015-14 ). This update deferred the initial effective date of ASU 2014-09. As a result of the issuance of ASU 2015-14, ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual periods. 

F-76 

Table of Contents 

In March 2016, ASU 2016-08, Principal Versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) . The amendments to this update are intended to improve the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations in ASU 2014-09 by clarifying how an entity should identify the unit of accounting (i.e. the specified good or service) and how an entity should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements. 

In May 2016, ASU 2016-12, Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients . The amendments to this update clarify certain core recognition principles and provide practical expedients available at transition. The improvements address collectability, sales tax presentation, noncash consideration, contract modifications and completed contracts at transition. 

In December 2016, ASU 2016-20, Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The amendments to this update: 

o 

Clarify that guarantee fees within the scope of the Guarantees topic of the ASC (other than product or service warranties) are not within the scope of the Revenue from Contracts with Customers topic of the ASC. The Derivatives and Hedging topic provides guidance relating to guarantees accounted for as derivatives. 

o 

Clarify guidance contained in the Other Assets and Deferred Costs Contracts with Customers subtopic of the ASC that when performing impairment testing an entity should (a) consider expected contract renewals and extensions and (b) include both the amount of consideration it already has received but has not recognized as revenue and the amount it expects to receive in the future. 

o 

Clarify the interaction of impairment testing with guidance in other ASC topics that impairment testing first should be performed on assets not within the scope of the Other Assets and Deferred Costs, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other or the Property, Plant, and Equipment topics of the ASC (such as assets within the Inventory topic of the ASC), then assets within the scope of the Other Assets and Deferred Costs topic of the ASC, then asset groups and reporting units within the scope of the Other Assets and Deferred Costs, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other and the Property, Plant, and Equipment topics of the ASC. 

o 

Clarify that all contracts within the scope of the Financial Services Insurance topic of the ASC are excluded from the scope of the Revenue from Contracts with Customers topic. 

o 

Provide optional exemptions from the disclosure requirement for remaining performance obligations for specific situations in which an entity need not estimate variable consideration to recognize revenue and expands the information that is required to be disclosed when an entity applies one of the optional exemptions. 

o 

Clarify that the disclosure of revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in previous periods applies to all performance obligations and is not limited to performance obligations with corresponding contract balances. 

o 

Align the cost-capitalization guidance for advisors to both public funds and private funds in the Financial Services Investment Companies Other Expenses subtopic of the ASC. 

In February 2017, ASU 2017-05, Other Income Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610-20) ASU 2017-05 ). The amendments to this update clarify the scope of the Other Income Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets subtopic of the ASC, and add guidance for partial sales of nonfinancial assets. ASU 2017-05 clarifies that: 

o 

A financial asset is within the scope of the Other Income Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets subtopic of the ASC if it meets the definition of an in substance nonfinancial asset and defines the term in substance nonfinancial asset, in part, as a financial asset promised to a counterparty in a contract if substantially all of the fair value of the assets (recognized and unrecognized) that are promised to the counterparty in the contract is concentrated in nonfinancial assets. 

F-77 

Table of Contents 

o 

It excludes all businesses and nonprofit activities from the scope of the Other Income Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets subtopic of the ASC. Derecognition of all businesses and nonprofit activities should be accounted for in accordance with the Consolidation Overall subtopic of the ASC. 

o 

An entity should identify each distinct nonfinancial asset or in substance nonfinancial asset promised to a counterparty and derecognize each asset when a counterparty obtains control of it. 

o 

An entity should allocate consideration to each distinct asset by applying the guidance in the Revenue from Contracts with Customers topic of the ASC on allocating the transaction price to performance obligations. 

o 

An entity must derecognize a distinct nonfinancial asset or distinct in substance nonfinancial asset in a partial sale transaction when it (1) does not have (or ceases to have) a controlling financial interest in the legal entity that holds the asset in accordance with the Consolidations topic of the ASC and (2) transfers control of the asset in accordance with the Revenue from Contracts with Customers topic of the ASC. Once an entity transfers control of a distinct nonfinancial asset or distinct in substance nonfinancial asset, it is required to measure any noncontrolling interest it receives (or retains) at fair value. 

The Company s revenues from contracts with customers that are subject to ASU 2014-09 include fulfillment fees, management fees, Carried Interest and certain reimbursed overhead costs. The Company has concluded that: 

The recognition and measurement of fulfillment fees and management fees is not expected to change as a result of the Company s adoption of ASU 2014-09. 

The Company s Carried Interest arrangements with the Investment Funds represent capital allocations to the Company. As a result, the Company has concluded as part of its assessment of the effect of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 that its Carried Interest represents an equity method investment subject to the Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures topic of the ASC. Therefore, effective January 1, 2018, the Company will recharacterize its Carried Interest as financial instruments under the equity method of accounting. This change is not expected to change the timing or amount of the Company s recognition of Carried Interest. At December 31, 2017, the Company had Carried Interest receivable totaling 8.6 million, which is expected to be realized in early 2018. 

The effect of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on the presentation of overhead reimbursements will be to increase Other income and the Company s overhead expense categories by offsetting amounts. Under its management agreement, PMT is required to pay its pro rata portion of rent, telephone, utilities, office furniture, equipment, machinery and other office, internal and overhead expenses of the Company and its affiliates required for PMT s and its subsidiaries operations. These expenses are allocated based on the ratio of PMT s proportion of gross assets compared to all remaining gross assets managed by the Company as calculated at each fiscal quarter end. The Company recognizes such reimbursements as expense offsets in its consolidated statements of income. ASU 2014-09 requires such reimbursements to be treated as revenues. The Company included 5.3 million, 7.9 million and 10.7 million of such common overhead as expense offsets in the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The Company intends to adopt ASU 2014-09 using the modified retrospective method. The Company does not expect to record a cumulative effect adjustment to its beginning retained earnings as a result of adoption of ASU 2014-09. 

F-78 

Table of Contents 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ASU 2016-01 ). ASU 2016-01 affects the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, the presentation and disclosure of financial instruments, and the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. 

ASU 2016-01 requires that: 

All equity investments in unconsolidated entities (other than those accounted for using the equity method of accounting) with readily determinable fair values will generally be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized through current period Income. 

When the fair value option has been elected for financial liabilities, changes in fair value due to instrument-specific credit risk will be recognized separately in other comprehensive income. The accumulated gains and losses due to these changes will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to income if the financial liability is settled before maturity. 

For financial instruments measured at amortized cost, public business entities will be required to use the exit price when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes. 

Financial assets and financial liabilities shall be presented separately in the notes to the financial statements, grouped by measurement category (e.g., fair value, amortized cost, lower of cost or fair value) and form of financial asset (e.g., loans, securities). 

Public business entities will no longer be required to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments carried at amortized cost. 

Entities will have to assess the realizability of a deferred tax asset related to a debt security classified as available for sale in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. 

The classification and measurement guidance will be effective for public business entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income is permitted and can be elected for all financial statements of fiscal years and interim periods that have not yet been issued or that have not yet been made available for issuance. The adoption of ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Leases 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ASU 2016-02 ). ASU 2016-02 sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e. lessees and lessors) and supersedes previous leasing standards. ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether the lease is effectively a financed purchase of the leased asset by the lessee. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. 

ASU 2016-02 is effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the potential effect that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements. As shown in Note 16 - Commitments and Contingencies, the Company had approximately 96.3 million in future minimum lease payment commitments as of December 31, 2017. Were the Company to adopt ASU 2016-02 as of December 31, 2017, it would be required to recognize a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability based on the present value of such obligation as of December 31, 2017. The Company does not expect to recognize a significant cumulative effect adjustment to its stockholders equity as a result of adopting ASU 2016-02. 

F-79 

Table of Contents 

Statement of Cash Flows 

In November of 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) ASU 2016-18 ). ASU 2016-18 requires that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the reporting period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. Therefore, amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in ASU 2016-18 do not provide a definition of restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. The amendments in ASU 2016-18 are effective for the Company s fiscal year, including interim periods within the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018. The Company does not believe the adoption of ASU 2016-18 will have a significant effect on the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows. 

Note 29 Subsequent Events 

Through December 31, 2017, the Company accounted for certain of its MSRs using the amortization method. Beginning January 1, 2018, the Company will account for all MSRs at fair value prospectively. Management determined that a single accounting treatment across all MSRs is consistent with lender valuation under its financing arrangements and simplifies hedging activities. The accounting change will result in a 0.8 million increase in MSRs, a 71,000 increase in deferred tax liability and a 0.7 million increase in stockholders equity. The consolidated statement of income will not be affected by this change. 

On February 1, 2018, the Company, through PLS, entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch CSCIB ), as lender (the CS Loan Agreement ). Pursuant to the CS Loan Agreement, PLS may finance certain mortgage servicing rights and related excess servicing spread relating to mortgage loans pooled into Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac securities. Pursuant to the terms of the CS Loan Agreement, the Company may, subject to certain conditions, borrow up to a committed amount of 407 million, which amount is reduced by the aggregate outstanding amounts under various other credit facilities between the Company and its subsidiaries and CSCIB and its affiliates. 

On February 28, 2018, the Company, through the Issuer Trust, issued an aggregate principal amount of 650 million in secured term notes (the 2018-GT1 Notes to qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The 2018-GT1 Notes are secured by certain participation certificates relating to Ginnie Mae MSRs and ESS that are financed pursuant to the GNMA MSR Facility and bear interest at a rate equal to one-month LIBOR plus 2.85 per annum, payable each month beginning in March 2018, on the 25th day of such month or, if such 25th day is not a business day, the next business day. The 2018-GT1 Notes will mature on February 25, 2023 or, if extended pursuant to the terms of the related indenture supplement, February 25, 2025 (unless earlier redeemed in accordance with their terms). The 2018-GT1 Notes will rank pari passu with the VFN issued by the Issuer Trust to PLS and the secured term notes due August 25, 2022 issued by Issuer Trust on August 10, 2017 (the 2017-GT2 Notes ). 

On February 28, 2018, the Company also redeemed all of the secured term notes due February 25, 2020 (the 2017-GT1 Notes previously issued by Issuer Trust. The redemption amount for the 2017-GT1 Notes was 400 million plus all accrued and unpaid interest. 

F-80 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 

/s/ David A. Spector 

David A. Spector 

President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 9, 2018 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 

Title 

Date 

/s/ David A. Spector 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

March 9, 2018 

David A. Spector 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Andrew S. Chang 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 9, 2018 

Andrew S. Chang 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Gregory L. Hendry 

Chief Accounting Officer 

March 9, 2018 

Gregory L. Hendry 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Stanford L. Kurland 

Executive Chairman 

March 9, 2018 

Stanford L. Kurland 

/s/ Matthew Botein 

Director 

March 9, 2018 

Matthew Botein 

/s/ James Hunt 

Director 

March 9, 2018 

James Hunt 

/s/ Patrick Kinsella 

Director 

March 9, 2018 

Patrick Kinsella 

/s/ Joseph Mazzella 

Director 

March 9, 2018 

Joseph Mazzella 

/s/ Farhad Nanji 

Director 

March 9, 2018 

Farhad Nanji 

/s/ Theodore Tozer 

Director 

Theodore Tozer 

March 9, 2018 

/s/ Mark Wiedman 

Director 

March 9, 2018 

Mark Wiedman 

/s/ Emily Youssouf 

Director 

March 9, 2018 

Emily Youssouf 

93 

<EX-10.10>
 2
 pfsi-20171231ex1010ab993.htm
 EX-10.10

pfsi_Ex10_10

EXHIBIT 10.10 

FIRST AMENDMENT 

TO THE 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

This First Amendment to the PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (this Amendment ), effective as of February 22, 2018, is made and entered into by PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ). Terms used in this Amendment with initial capital letters that are not otherwise defined herein shall the meanings ascribed to such terms in the PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS , Section 16.1 of the Plan provides that the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board may amend the Plan at any time; and 

WHEREAS , the Board desires to amend the Plan to place certain restrictions on Awards granted thereunder. 

NOW, THEREFORE , in accordance with Section 16.1 of the Plan, the Company hereby amends the Plan as follows: 

1. Section 2.19 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the definition of Performance Period in its entirety and replacing it to read as follows: 

2.19 Performance Period means the one or more periods of time, which may be of varying and overlapping durations but in no event less than one (1) year, selected by the Committee, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals or other business objectives will be measured for purposes of determining a Participant s right to, and the payment of, an Award. 

2. Section 2.25 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the definition of Restriction Period in its entirety and replacing it to read as follows: 

2.25 Restriction Period means the period of time, which shall in no event be less than one (1) year, established by the Committee in connection with an Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, during which the shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units are subject to a Risk of Forfeiture described in the applicable Award Agreement. 

3. Section 7.1(d) of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting it in its entirety and replacing it to read as follows: 

(d) Exercisability . An Option may be exercisable or become exercisable in such installments, cumulative or non-cumulative, as the Committee may determine; provided, however, that in no event shall any Option become exercisable prior to the one (1) year anniversary of the Grant Date. The Committee may Accelerate an Option in whole or in part at any time; provided, however, that in the case of an Incentive Option, any such Acceleration of the Option would not cause the Option to fail to comply with the provisions of Section 422 of the Code or the Optionee consents to the Acceleration. 

4. Section 7.2(c) of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting it in its entirety and replacing it to read as follows: 

(c) Other Terms . Except as the Committee may deem inappropriate or inapplicable in the circumstances, Stock Appreciation Rights shall be subject to terms and conditions substantially similar to those applicable to a Nonstatutory Option, including, without limitation, the requirement that no Stock Appreciation Right shall become exercisable prior to the one (1) year anniversary of the date of grant. In addition, an Stock Appreciation Right related to an Option which can only be exercised during limited periods following a Change of Control may entitle the Participant to receive an amount based upon the highest price paid or offered for Stock in any transaction relating to the Change of Control or paid during the thirty (30) day period immediately preceding the occurrence of the Change of Control in any transaction reported in the stock market in which the Stock is normally traded. 

5. Article 7 of the Plan is hereby amended to add a new Section 7.9 to read as follows: 

7.9 Minimum Vesting Requirements . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the definitions of Performance Period or Restricted Period, or as may be otherwise set forth in Section 7.1(d) or Section 7.2(c), any minimum period required before an Award vests or becomes exercisable, as applicable, shall not apply to Awards granted under the Plan with respect to the number of shares of Stock that, in the aggregate, does not exceed five percent (5 of the total number of shares of Stock initially available for Awards under the Plan. 

6. Section 8.3 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting it in its entirety and replacing it to read as follows: 

8.3 Related Matters . Except as expressly permitted under Section 8.1 or Section 8.2, any adjustment of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right exercise price shall be prohibited. Any adjustment in Awards made pursuant to Section 8.1 or 8.2 shall be determined and made, if at all, by the Committee, acting in its sole discretion, and shall include any correlative modification of terms, including of 

Option exercise prices, rates of vesting or exercisability, Risks of Forfeiture, applicable repurchase prices for Restricted Stock, and Performance Goals and other business objectives which the Committee may deem necessary or appropriate so as to ensure the rights of the Participants in their respective Awards are not substantially diminished nor enlarged as a result of the adjustment and corporate action other than as expressly contemplated in this Section 8. The Committee, in its discretion, may determine that no fraction of a share of Stock shall be purchasable or deliverable upon exercise, and in that event if any adjustment hereunder of the number of shares of Stock covered by an Award would cause such number to include a fraction of a share of Stock, such number of shares of Stock shall be adjusted to the nearest smaller whole number of shares. No adjustment of an Option exercise price per share pursuant to Sections 8.1 or 8.2 shall result in an exercise price which is less than the par value of the Stock. 

7. Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, the Plan shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof. 

[Signature page to follow] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

By: 

/s/Anne D. McCallion 

Name: 

Anne D. McCallion 

Title: 

Senior Managing Director and 

Chief Enterprise Operations Officer 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 pfsi-20171231ex102b0948a.htm
 EX-10.2

pfsi_Ex10_2

EXHIBIT 10.2 

FIRST AMENDMENT 

TO 

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

OF 

PRIVATE NATIONAL MORTGAGE ACCEPTANCE COMPANY, LLC 

This FIRST AMENDMENT TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF PRIVATE NATIONAL MORTGAGE ACCEPTANCE COMPANY, LLC (the Amendment ), dated as of November 16, 2017, is entered into by and between Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC (the Company ), PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (the Managing Member ), BlackRock Mortgage Ventures, LLC BlackRock and HC Partners LLC HC Partners ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Company, the Managing Member and the other Members thereto are parties to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, dated as of May 8, 2013 (the Existing LLC Agreement and, as amended by the Amendment, the LLC Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Existing LLC Agreement. 

WHEREAS, subject to certain conditions, Section 12.1 of the Existing LLC Agreement permits the Company and the Managing Member to amend the Existing LLC Agreement pursuant to an agreement in writing. 

WHEREAS, Section 12.1 of the Existing LLC Agreement specifically requires the written consent of the Company, the Managing Member, BlackRock and HC Partners (collectively, the Required Parties to amend the terms of Section 11.2 of the Existing Exchange Agreement. 

WHEREAS, the Required Parties have agreed, subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment, that the Existing LLC Agreement be amended to reflect certain agreed upon revisions to the terms of the Existing LLC Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual premises and mutual obligations set forth herein, the Required Parties hereby agree that the Existing LLC Agreement is amended as follows: 

SECTION 1. Amendments . 

(A) Section 9.5 of the Existing LLC Agreement is hereby amended by deleting clause (c) in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

(c) Reserved. 

(B) Section 11.1 of the Existing LLC Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the last sentence of clause (b) in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Employee Member shall be entitled to review any of the Company s books and records except as approved by the Managing Member, and no Employee Member or Management Member shall be entitled to review any of the Company s books and records at any time after such Employee Member or Management Member, as applicable, ceases to be employed by, or otherwise engaged to provide services to, the Company or the Subsidiaries for any reason (including because of death or disability). 

(C) Section 11.2 of the Existing LLC Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the penultimate sentence in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

The Company shall provide each Management Member with all such additional information as it may reasonably request in order to evaluate the Budget; provided , however , that no Management Member shall be entitled to any such additional information at any time after such Management Member ceases to be employed by, or otherwise engaged to provide services to, the Company or the Subsidiaries for any reason (including because of death or disability). 

SECTION 2. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first set forth above (the Amendment Effective Date subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

2.1 Delivered Documents . On the Amendment Effective Date, each party shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be satisfactory to such party in form and substance: 

(a) this Amendment, executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of each of the Required Parties; and 

(b) such other documents as such party or counsel to such party may reasonably request. 

-2- 

SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties . Each party represents that it is in compliance in all material respects with all the terms and provisions set forth in the Existing LLC Agreement on its part to be observed or performed. 

SECTION 4. Limited Effect . Except as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, the Existing LLC Agreement shall continue to be, and shall remain, in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

SECTION 5. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. 

SECTION 6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

SECTION 7. Conflicts . The parties hereto agree that in the event there is any conflict between the terms of this Amendment, and the terms of the Existing LLC Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment shall control. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

-3- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 

PRIVATE NATIONAL MORTGAGE 

ACCEPTANCE COMPANY, LLC 

By: 

/s/ Andrew S. Chang 

Name: Andrew S. Chang 

Title: Senior Managing Director and 

Chief Financial Officer 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, 

INC. 

By: 

/s/ David A. Spector 

Name: David A. Spector 

Title: President and Chief Executive 

Officer 

BLACKROCK MORTGAGE VENTURES, 

LLC 

By: 

/s/ Daniel Waltcher 

Name: Daniel Waltcher 

Title: Managing Director 

HC PARTNERS LLC 

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Stier 

Name: Jennifer Stier 

Title: Manager 

Signature Page to First Amendment to 

Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.26>
 4
 pfsi-20171231ex10263e28d.htm
 EX-10.26

pfsi_Ex10_26

EXHIBIT 10.26 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

MORTGAGE BANKING SERVICES AGREEMENT 

Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2017 (the Amendment ), by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Service Provider ), and PennyMac Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Service Provider and the Company are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2016 (the Existing MBS Agreement and, as amended by this Amendment, the MBS Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Existing MBS Agreement. 

WHEREAS, the Service Provider and the Company have agreed, subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment, that the Existing MBS Agreement be amended to reflect certain agreed upon revisions to the terms of the Existing MBS Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual premises and mutual obligations set forth herein, the Service Provider and the Company hereby agree that the Existing MBS Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

SECTION 1. Exhibits . Exhibit A of the Existing MBS Agreement is hereby amended by deleting it in its entirety and replacing it with the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

SECTION 2. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first set forth above (the Amendment Effective Date ), subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

2.1 Delivered Documents . On the Amendment Effective Date, each party shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be satisfactory to such party in form and substance: 

(a) this Amendment, executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the Service Provider and the Company; and 

(b) such other documents as such party or counsel to such party may reasonably request. 

SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties . Each party represents that it is in compliance in all material respects with all the terms and provisions set forth in the Existing MBS Agreement on its part to be observed or performed. 

SECTION 4. Limited Effect . Except as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, the Existing MBS Agreement shall continue to be, and shall remain, in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

SECTION 5. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. 

SECTION 6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

SECTION 7. Conflicts . The parties hereto agree that in the event there is any conflict between the terms of this Amendment, and the terms of the Existing MBS Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment shall control. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 

The Service Provider: 

PENNYMAC LOAN SERVICES, LLC 

By: 

/s/ Douglas Jones 

Name: Douglas Jones 

Title: President 

The Company: 

PENNYMAC CORP. 

By: 

/s/ Andrew S. Chang 

Name: Andrew S. Chang 

Title: Senior Managing Director and 

Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 

Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement 

EXHIBIT A 

(Compensation) 

Fulfillment Fees 

The aggregate Fulfillment Fees for Mortgage Loans purchased from an approved Correspondent shall equal (a) no greater than the product of (i) 0.35 and (ii) the aggregate initial unpaid principal balance (the Initial UPB of all such Mortgage Loans purchased in such month, the payment of which shall made no later than the end of the calendar month following the calendar month in which such Mortgage Loan was purchased, plus (b) in the case of all Mortgage Loans other than Fannie Mae Mortgage Loans and Freddie Mac Mortgage Loans, no greater than the product of (i) 0.50 and (ii) the aggregate Initial UPB of all such Mortgage Loans sold and securitized in any month, the payment of which shall be made no later than the end of the calendar month following the calendar month in which such Mortgage Loan was sold or securitized; provided, however, that no Fulfillment Fee shall be due or payable to the Service Provider with respect to any Ginnie Mae Mortgage Loan or any Mortgage Loan acquired from the Servicer Provider. 

Early Purchase Program Fees 

With respect to each Early Purchase Program, the Service Provider shall be entitled to fees that accrue (a) at a rate equal to 1,500 per annum, and (b) in the amount of 35 with respect to each Mortgage Loan purchased by the Company thereunder. The fee described in clause (a) shall accrue and be payable monthly not later than the last Business Day of each month from and after the execution of the Early Purchase Program documentation. The fee described in clause (b) shall accrue and be payable monthly not later than the fifth (5 th Business Day following the month during which the related Mortgage Loan first becomes subject to a transaction thereunder. 

A-1 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.28>
 5
 pfsi-20171231ex10285a61c.htm
 EX-10.28

pfsi_Ex10_28

EXHIBIT 10.28 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

MSR RECAPTURE AGREEMENT 

Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated MSR Recapture Agreement, effective as of December 1, 2017 (the Amendment ), by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Servicer ), and PennyMac Corp., Delaware corporation (the MSR Owner ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Servicer and the MSR Owner are parties to that certain Amended and Restated MSR Recapture Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2016 (the Existing MSR Agreement and, as amended by this Amendment, the MSR Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Existing MSR Agreement. 

WHEREAS, the Servicer and the MSR Owner have agreed, subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment, that the Existing MSR Agreement be amended to reflect certain agreed upon revisions to the terms of the Existing MSR Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual premises and mutual obligations set forth herein, the Servicer and the MSR Owner hereby agree that the Existing MSR Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

SECTION 1. Definitions . Section 1.01 is hereby amended by deleting the definitions of Assignment Date , Replacement Mortgage Loan , Replacement Portfolio , Retained Mortgage Loan , and Retained Portfolio in their entirety. 

SECTION 2. MSR Recapture . Sections 3.02(c), (d) and (e) of the Existing MSR Agreement is hereby amended by deleting them in their entirety and replacing them with the following language: 

(c) The MSR Owner hereby waives any right it has to contractually prohibit the Servicer from soliciting the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio. In consideration for such waiver and for other value received, if, during any calendar month, the Servicer or its Affiliates originate new residential mortgage loans the proceeds of which are used to refinance a Mortgage Loan in the Portfolio (such new mortgage loan, a New Mortgage Loan ), the Servicer shall wire to the MSR Owner cash in an amount equal to 30 of the fair market value of the Servicing Rights related to all of the New Mortgage Loans originated during such month . Such payment shall be made w ithin five (5) calendar days of the Mortgage Loan Identification Date related to such month. 

(d) Not later than the Mortgage Loan Identification Date related to each month in which the Servicer or an Affiliate thereof has originated New 

Mortgage Loans, the Servicer shall prepare and maintain a schedule (or schedules), available upon the MSR Owner s request, (i) identifying each such New Mortgage Loan and the related Mortgage Loan in the Portfolio that was refinanced using proceeds of such New Mortgage Loan, and (ii) setting forth the Servicer s calculations of the fair market value of the Servicing Rights relating to such New Mortgage Loans. The Servicer and the MSR Owner shall cooperate in good faith to resolve any objections made by the MSR Owner to such calculations. 

SECTION 3. Exhibits . Exhibit A of the Existing MSR Agreement is hereby amended by deleting it in its entirety and replacing it with the form attached hereto as Exhibit A . 

SECTION 4. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first set forth above (the Amendment Effective Date ), subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

4.1 Delivered Documents . On the Amendment Effective Date, each party shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be satisfactory to such party in form and substance: 

(a) this Amendment, executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the Servicer and the MSR Owner; and 

(b) such other documents as such party or counsel to such party may reasonably request. 

SECTION 5. Representations and Warranties . Each party represents that it is in compliance in all material respects with all the terms and provisions set forth in the Existing MSR Agreement on its part to be observed or performed. 

SECTION 6. Limited Effect . Except as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, the Existing MSR Agreement shall continue to be, and shall remain, in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

SECTION 7. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. 

SECTION 8. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

SECTION 9. Conflicts . The parties hereto agree that in the event there is any conflict between the terms of this Amendment, and the terms of the Existing MSR Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment shall control. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 

The Servicer: 

PENNYMAC LOAN SERVICES, LLC 

By: 

/s/ Douglas Jones 

Name: Douglas Jones 

Title: President 

The MSR Owner: 

PENNYMAC CORP. 

By: 

/s/ Andrew S. Chang 

Name: Andrew S. Chang 

Title: Senior Managing Director and 

Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 

Amended and Restated MSR Recapture Agreement 

EXHIBIT A 

(Reserved) 

A-1 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.4>
 6
 pfsi-20171231ex1046ad4a1.htm
 EX-10.4

pfsi_Ex10_4

EXHIBIT 10.4 

FIRST AMENDMENT 

TO 

EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 

This FIRST AMENDMENT TO EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (the Amendment ), dated as of November 16, 2017, is entered into by and among PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (the Corporation ), Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC (the Company ), BlackRock Mortgage Ventures, LLC BlackRock ), HC Partners LLC HC Partners ), Kurland Family Investments, LLC KFI and Stanford L. Kurland. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Corporation, the Company and the Company Unitholders are parties to that certain Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2013 (the Existing Exchange Agreement and, as amended by the Amendment, the Exchange Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Existing Exchange Agreement. 

WHEREAS, the Corporation and the Company desire to amend the terms of Section 2.1 of the Existing Exchange Agreement. 

WHEREAS, Section 4.13 of the Existing Exchange Agreement requires the written consent of the Corporation, the Company and Company Unitholders holding at least 75 of the then outstanding Company Units (excluding Company Units held by the Corporation) to amend the terms of Section 2.1 of the Existing Exchange Agreement. 

WHEREAS, BlackRock, HC Partners, KFI and Mr. Kurland currently hold in excess of 75 of the outstanding Company Units (excluding Company Units held by the Corporation). 

WHEREAS, the Corporation, the Company, BlackRock, HC Partners, KFI and Mr. Kurland (collectively, the Required Parties have agreed, subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment, that Section 2.1 of the Existing Exchange Agreement be amended to reflect certain agreed upon revisions thereto. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual premises and mutual obligations set forth herein, the Required Parties hereby agree that the Existing Exchange Agreement is amended as follows: 

SECTION 1. Amendment . Section 2.1(b)(i) is hereby amended by deleting it in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

(i) The Corporation shall have the right to require each Company Unitholder to Exchange all of such Company Unitholder s Company Units and shares of Class B Common Stock in consideration for the issuance by the Corporation to such Company Unitholder of a number of shares of Class A 

-1- 

Common Stock that is equal to the product of the number of Company Units surrendered multiplied by the Exchange Rate (or, at the election of the Corporation pursuant to clause (II) of Section 2.1(b)(ii) below, a rate equal to 110 of the Exchange Rate) under any of the following circumstances: (A) in connection with a Change of Control, and (B) from or after the time when no Member (other than the Corporation) holds a number of outstanding Class A Units greater than three percent (3 of the number of Class A Units outstanding immediately following the closing of the IPO (as defined in the LLC Agreement) and related purchase of Class A Units by the Corporation with the proceeds therefrom. 

SECTION 2. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first set forth above (the Amendment Effective Date subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

2.1 Delivered Documents . On the Amendment Effective Date, each party shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be satisfactory to such party in form and substance: 

(a) this Amendment, executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of each of the Required Parties; and 

(b) such other documents as such party or counsel to such party may reasonably request. 

SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties . Each party represents that it is in compliance in all material respects with all the terms and provisions set forth in the Existing Exchange Agreement on its part to be observed or performed. 

SECTION 4. Limited Effect . Except as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, the Existing Exchange Agreement shall continue to be, and shall remain, in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

SECTION 5. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. 

SECTION 6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

SECTION 7. Conflicts . The parties hereto agree that in the event there is any conflict between the terms of this Amendment, and the terms of the Existing Exchange Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment shall control. 

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOWS] 

-2- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

By: 

/s/ David A. Spector 

Name: David A. Spector 

Title: President and Chief Executive 

Officer 

PRIVATE NATIONAL MORTGAGE ACCEPTANCE COMPANY, LLC 

By: 

/s/ Andrew S. Chang 

Name: Andrew S. Chang 

Title: Senior Managing Director and 

Chief Financial Officer 

BLACKROCK MORTGAGE VENTURES, LLC 

By: 

/s/ Daniel Waltcher 

Name: Daniel Waltcher 

Title: Managing Director 

HC PARTNERS LLC 

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Stier 

Name: Jennifer Stier 

Title: Manager 

Signature Page to First Amendment to 

Exchange Agreement 

KURLAND FAMILY INVESTMENTS, LLC 

By: 

/s/ Stanford L. Kurland 

Name: Stanford L. Kurland 

Title: Manager 

STANFORD L. KURLAND 

By: 

/s/ Stanford L. Kurland 

Name: Stanford L. Kurland 

Signature Page to First Amendment to 

Exchange Agreement 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.59>
 7
 pfsi-20171231ex1059d717f.htm
 EX-10.59

pfsi_Ex10_59

EXHIBIT 10.59 

PLS REGULAR FACILITY 

EXECUTION 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER REPURCHASE AGREEMENT 

Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2017 (this Amendment ), among Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC (the Administrative Agent ), Credit Suisse AG, a company incorporated in Switzerland, acting through its Cayman Islands Branch (a Committed Buyer and a Buyer ), Alpine Securitization LTD (a Buyer ), PennyMac Loan Services, LLC (the Seller and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC (the Guarantor ). 

RECITALS 

The Administrative Agent, the Buyers, the Seller and the Guarantor are parties to that certain Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2017 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of June 1, 2017, the Existing Repurchase Agreement , and as amended by this Amendment, the Repurchase Agreement and the related Second Amended and Restated Pricing Side Letter, dated as of April 28, 2017 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Pricing Side Letter ). The Guarantor is party to that certain Amended and Restated Guaranty (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guaranty ), dated as of April 28, 2017, by the Guarantor in favor of Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Existing Repurchase Agreement and Guaranty, as applicable. 

The Administrative Agent, the Buyers, the Seller and the Guarantor have agreed, subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment, that the Existing Repurchase Agreement be amended to reflect certain agreed upon revisions to the terms of the Existing Repurchase Agreement. As a condition precedent to amending the Existing Repurchase Agreement, the Administrative Agent has required the Guarantor to ratify and affirm the Guaranty on the date hereof. 

Accordingly, the Administrative Agent, the Buyers, the Seller and the Guarantor hereby agree, in consideration of the mutual promises and mutual obligations set forth herein, that the Existing Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

SECTION 1. Definitions . Section 2 of the Existing Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended by: 

1.1 adding the following definitions of Aged 360 GNMA EBO and Submitted GNMA EBO in proper alphabetical order: 

Aged 360 GNMA EBO means a GNMA EBO which has been subject to a Transaction hereunder for a period of greater than 360 days. 

Submitted GNMA EBO means a GNMA EBO which is subject to a Transaction hereunder and for which a claim has been submitted to HUD. 

-1- 

SECTION 2. Program; Initial of Transactions . Section 3 of the Existing Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting subsection (g) thereof in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

(g) Agent shall act as agent solely with respect to performance of the following duties, in each case, on behalf of Buyers to the extent contemplated by Section 14.hh: (i) receiving from HUD and VA all amounts with respect to all Purchased Mortgage Loans, (ii) maintaining the GNMA Account, (iii) taking such actions as Agent deems appropriate to administer the GNMA Account, and (iv) acting as mortgagee of record with respect to each Submitted GNMA EBO and Aged 360 GNMA EBO pursuant to Section 14.hh hereof. The Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Section 3.g. 

SECTION 3. Covenants . Section 14 of the Existing Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting subsection (hh) thereof in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

hh. GNMA EBO . 

(a) With respect to any GNMA EBO that is not (i) an Aged 360 GNMA EBO or (ii) a Submitted GNMA EBO, Seller shall remain, on the FHA Connect system, the mortgagee of record with respect to such GNMA EBO. With respect to any Purchased Mortgage Loan that is an Aged 360 GNMA EBO and prior to any GNMA EBO becoming a Submitted GNMA EBO, Seller shall transfer the mortgagee of record on the FHA Connect system to Agent; provided, further, following the occurrence of an Event of Default, Seller shall transfer the mortgagee of record on the FHA Connect system to Agent with respect to each Purchased Mortgage Loan that is a GNMA EBO. Notwithstanding this subsection (a), in the event of receipt of any proceeds from HUD with respect to any Purchased Mortgage Loan that is a GNMA EBO, Seller shall remit such amounts within four (4) Business Days to the GNMA Account pursuant to the definition of GNMA Account . To the extent HUD deducts any amounts owing by Seller to HUD, Seller shall deposit, within four (4) Business Days following notice or knowledge of such deduction by HUD, such deducted amounts into the applicable GNMA Account. On each Price Differential Payment Date, Seller shall instruct Securities Intermediary to remit all amounts on deposit in any GNMA Account to the Securities Account for distribution in accordance with the Securities Account Control Agreement. 

(b) With respect to each Aged 360 GNMA EBO and Submitted GNMA EBO, Seller shall cause Agent to be designated as mortgagee of record on the FHA Connect system under mortgagee number 34522, and shall submit all claims to HUD under such applicable number for remittance of amounts to the GNMA Account pursuant to the definition of GNMA Account . On each Price Differential Payment Date, Seller shall instruct Securities Intermediary to remit all amounts on deposit in any GNMA Account to the Securities Account for distribution in accordance with the Securities Account Control Agreement. 

-2- 

(c) Seller shall cooperate and do all things deemed necessary or appropriate by Agent to effectuate the steps as contemplated in this Section 14.hh. 

SECTION 4. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof (the Amendment Effective Date ), subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

4.1 Delivered Documents . On the Amendment Effective Date, the Administrative Agent on behalf of Buyers shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in form and substance: 

(a) this Amendment, executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the Administrative Agent, the Buyers, the Seller and the Guarantor; 

(b) Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated Pricing Side Letter, executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the Administrative Agent, the Buyers, the Seller and the Guarantor; and 

(c) such other documents as the Administrative Agent or counsel to the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 

SECTION 5. Representations and Warranties . Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and Buyers that it is in compliance with all the terms and provisions set forth in the Repurchase Agreement on its part to be observed or performed, and that no Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, and hereby confirms and reaffirms the representations and warranties contained in Section 13 of Repurchase Agreement. 

SECTION 6. Limited Effect . Except as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, the Existing Repurchase Agreement shall continue to be, and shall remain, in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed by each of the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment in Portable Document Format (PDF) or by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart of this Amendment. 

SECTION 8. Severability . Each provision and agreement herein shall be treated as separate and independent from any other provision or agreement herein and shall be enforceable notwithstanding the unenforceability of any such other provision or agreement. 

SECTION 9. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF. 

-3- 

SECTION 10. Reaffirmation of Guaranty . The Guarantor hereby ratifies and affirms all of the terms, covenants, conditions and obligations of the Guaranty and acknowledges and agrees that the term Obligations as used in the Guaranty shall apply to all of the Obligations of the Seller to Administrative Agent and Buyers under the Repurchase Agreement and related Program Agreements, as amended hereby. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

-4- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON MORTGAGE CAPITAL LLC , as Administrative Agent 

By: 

/s/ Dominic Obaditch 

Name: 

Dominic Obaditch 

Title: 

Vice President 

CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH , as a Committed Buyer and as a Buyer 

By: 

/s/ Patrick J. Hart 

Name: 

Patrick J. Hart 

Title: 

Authorized Signatory 

By: 

/s/ Elie Chau 

Name: 

Elie Chau 

Title: 

Authorized Signatory 

ALPINE SECURITIZATION LTD , as a Buyer, by Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch as Attorney- in-Fact 

By: 

/s/ Patrick J. Hart 

Name: 

Patrick J. Hart 

Title: 

Vice President 

By: 

/s/ Elie Chau 

Name: 

Elie Chau 

Title: 

Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement 

PENNYMAC LOAN SERVICES, LLC , as Seller 

By: 

/s/ Pamela Marsh 

Name: 

Pamela Marsh 

Title: 

Managing Director, Treasurer 

PRIVATE NATIONAL MORTGAGE ACCEPTANCE COMPANY, LLC , as Guarantor 

By: 

/s/ Pamela Marsh 

Name: 

Pamela Marsh 

Title: 

Managing Director, Treasurer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement 

</EX-10.59>

<EX-10.89>
 8
 pfsi-20171231ex1089a24c8.htm
 EX-10.89

pfsi_Ex10_89

EXHIBIT 10.89 

EXECUTION 

AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE 

to the 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

dated as of December 4, 2015 

among 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC 

and 

PENNYMAC LOAN SERVICES, LLC 

and 

PRIVATE NATIONAL MORTGAGE ACCEPTANCE COMPANY, LLC 

This AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE (this Amendment is made as of this 1 st day of December, 2017, by and among Barclays Bank PLC (the Lender ), Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC (the Guarantor and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC (the Borrower ), and amends that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2015, as amended by Amendment Number One, dated as of February 26, 2016, Amendment Number Two, dated as of December 2, 2016, Amendment Number Three, dated as of January 30, 2017 and Amendment Number Four, dated as of June 16, 2017 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement ), by and among the Lender, the Guarantor and the Borrower. 

WHEREAS, the Lender, the Guarantor and the Borrower have agreed to amend the Loan Agreement as more particularly set forth herein. 

NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and for the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

SECTION 1. Amendments . Effective as of the date hereof: 

(a) Section 1.1 of Schedule I of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the defined term Maturity Date in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

Maturity Date means February 1, 2018. 

SECTION 2. Fees and Expenses . Borrower agrees to pay to Lender all fees and out of pocket expenses incurred by Lender in connection with this Amendment, including all reasonable fees and out of pocket costs and expenses of the legal counsel to Lender incurred in connection with this Amendment, in accordance with Section 3.03 of the Loan Agreement. In addition, as a condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment, Seller shall pay to Purchaser the Extension Fee set forth in Section 2 of Amendment Number 5 to Master Repurchase Agreement. 

SECTION 3. Defined Terms . Any terms capitalized but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Loan Agreement. 

SECTION 4. Limited Effect . Except as amended hereby, the Loan Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. Reference to this Amendment need 

1 

not be made in the Loan Agreement or any other instrument or document executed in connection therewith, or in any certificate, letter or communication issued or made pursuant to, or with respect to, the Loan Agreement, any reference in any of such items to the Loan Agreement being sufficient to refer to the Loan Agreement as amended hereby. 

SECTION 5. Representations . In order to induce Lender to execute and deliver this Amendment, each of the Guarantor and the Borrower hereby represents to Lender that as of the date hereof, (i) each of the Guarantor and the Borrower is in full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of the Facility Documents and remains bound by the terms thereof, and (ii) no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under the Facility Documents. 

SECTION 6. Governing Law . This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws (other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law which shall be applicable). 

SECTION 7. Counterparts . For the purpose of facilitating the execution of this Amendment, and for other purposes, this Amendment may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same instrument. The parties intend that faxed signatures and electronically imaged signatures such as .pdf files shall constitute original signatures and are binding on all parties. The original documents shall be promptly delivered, if requested. 

SECTION 8. Miscellaneous . 

(a) This Amendment shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 

(b) The various headings and sub-headings of this Amendment are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment or the Loan Agreement or any provision hereof or thereof. 

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK] 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Lender, the Guarantor and the Borrower have each caused their names to be duly signed to this Amendment by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first above written. 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC , as Lender 

By: 

/s/ Ellen Kiernan 

Name: 

Ellen Kiernan 

Title: 

Director 

PENNYMAC LOAN SERVICES, LLC , as Borrower 

By: 

/s/ Pamela Marsh 

Name: 

Pamela Marsh 

Title: 

Managing Director, Treasurer 

PRIVATE NATIONAL MORTGAGE ACCEPTANCE COMPANY, LLC , as Guarantor 

By: 

/s/ Pamela Marsh 

Name: 

Pamela Marsh 

Title: 

Managing Director, Treasurer 

Amendment Number Five to Loan and Security Agreement 

</EX-10.89>

<EX-10.98>
 9
 pfsi-20171231ex1098cce44.htm
 EX-10.98

pfsi_Ex10_98

EXHIBIT 10.98 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of November 17, 2017 (this Amendment ), is entered into by and among PRIVATE NATIONAL MORTGAGE ACCEPTANCE COMPANY, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), the Lenders party hereto, and CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH, as administrative agent (in such capacity, including any successor thereto, the Administrative Agent ). 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

WHEREAS, the Borrower has entered into that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2016 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented and otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment is hereinafter referred to as the Amended Credit Agreement ), among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the other parties party thereto from time to time; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Lenders have extended credit to the Borrower on the terms and conditions set forth therein; 

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested certain amendments to the Credit Agreement as set forth below; and 

WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Lenders party hereto have agreed to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement on the terms and conditions contained herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

Definitions 

Section 1.1 Defined Terms . Terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement, unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires. 

ARTICLE 2 

Amendments 

Section 2.1 Amendments to Credit Agreement . The Credit Agreement is hereby amended and modified as follows: 

(a) Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following defined term between the definitions of the terms Alternate Base Rate and Ant-Corruption Laws : 

Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall have the meaning assigned to the term Amendment Effective Date in that certain Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit 

Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2017, among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 

(b) The definition of Maturity Date set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is amended by replacing the reference to the day that is 364 days after the Closing Date therein with a reference to November 16, 2018 . 

(c) The definition of Incremental Advance Rate MSR Indebtedness set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is amended by (i) inserting (excluding any repurchase facility or other asset-level financing arrangement entered in connection with a Securitization) between the words the amount of any MSR Indebtedness and that exceeds and (ii) replacing the reference to 60 therein with a reference to 75 . 

(d) Section 3.05(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by (x) replacing the phrase December 31, 2015, December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 with the phrase December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 in clause (i) thereof and (y) by replacing the phrase September 30, 2016 with the phrase September 30, 2017 in clause (ii) thereof. 

(e) Section 3.05(e) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the phrase December 31, 2015 with the phrase December 31, 2016 . 

(f) Section 3.12 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the phrase September 30, 2016 with the phrase September 30, 2017 . 

(g) Sections 6.07, 6.08 and 6.09 of the Credit Agreement are hereby amended by replacing the phrase December 31, 2016 , in each instance where such phrase appears in such Sections, with the phrase December 31, 2017 . 

(h) Schedules 1.01(c), 1.01(e), 6.04(ii), 6.05 and 6.06 of the Credit Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety by replacing such Schedules with the corresponding Schedules attached hereto. 

(i) Each reference to the Closing Date in each of (i) the definition of the term Unrestricted Subsidiary in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement, (ii) Section 6.04(ii) of the Credit Agreement, (iii) Section 6.05(xxiv) of the Credit Agreement, (iv) Section 6.06(iii) of the Credit Agreement and (v) Section 6.06(vi) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced with a reference to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date . 

ARTICLE 3 

Miscellaneous 

Section 3.1 Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the later of (the Amendment Effective Date (x) November 17, 2017 and (y) the date on which: 

(a) Amendment . The Administrative Agent shall have received duly executed and delivered counterparts of this Amendment that, when taken together, bear the signatures of the Borrower and the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement as of such date; 

(b) Secretary Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Credit Party dated the Amendment Effective Date and 

2 

certifying (i) that attached thereto is a copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation or other equivalent formation document, including all amendments thereto, of each Credit Party, certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State (or other similar official) of the state of its organization, (ii) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the by-laws, partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement, memorandum and articles of association or other equivalent governing document of such Credit Party as in effect on the Amendment Effective Date and at all times since a date prior to the date of the resolutions described in clause (iii) below, (iii) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of such Credit Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment, the Acknowledgment and any other Credit Document or other document required to be executed and delivered on behalf of the Borrower or such Credit Party under this Amendment, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect on the Amendment Effective Date, (iv) that the certificate or articles of incorporation or other equivalent formation document of such Credit Party has not been amended since the date of the last amendment thereto furnished pursuant to clause (i) above, and (v) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer executing this Amendment, the Acknowledgment or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Credit Party; and the certificate referred to in this clause (b) shall contain a certification by an Authorized Officer of such Credit Party as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary executing such certificate pursuant to this clause (b); 

(c) Good Standing Certificate of the Borrower . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate as to the good standing of each Credit Party as of a recent date, from the Secretary of State (or other similar official) of the state of its organization; 

(d) Closing Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Amendment Effective Date and signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions precedent set forth in (b), (c) and (d) of Section 4.01 of the Credit Agreement; 

(e) Opinions of Counsel . The Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of itself and the Lenders, a favorable written opinion of (i) Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP, counsel to the Borrower, and (ii) in-house counsel of the Borrower, each such opinion to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case (A) dated the Amendment Effective Date, (B) addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (C) covering such matters relating to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, and the Borrower hereby requests such counsel to deliver such opinions; 

(f) No Default . On the date hereof and on the Amendment Effective Date (both before and after giving effect to this Amendment), no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 

(g) Accuracy of Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2 of this Amendment shall be correct in all material respects on and as of the Amendment Effective Date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representations and warranties are stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be correct in all respects as of such earlier date; provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates; 

3 

(h) Acknowledgment and Confirmation . The Administrative Agent shall have received the Acknowledgment and Confirmation, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (the Acknowledgement ), dated as of the Amendment Effective Date, executed and delivered by an authorized officer or other authorized signatory of each Guarantor; 

(i) Effectiveness Fee and Expenses . The Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent on or before the Amendment Effective Date (i) for the account of each Lender, a consent fee equal to 0.50 of the Commitment of such Lender as in effect on the Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to this Amendment, (ii) all Fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date and (iii) all reasonable and documented fees, out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent incurred in connection with this Amendment, any other documents prepared in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Davis Polk Wardwell LLP, counsel for the Administrative Agent; and 

(j) Documentation . The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five Business Days prior to the Amendment Effective Date, to the extent requested, all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 

Section 3.2 Representations and Warranties . To induce the other parties hereto to enter into this Amendment, the Borrower represents and warrants to each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 

(a) Each of the representations and warranties set forth in Article 3 of the Credit Agreement and in each other Credit Document are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Amendment Effective Date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty is true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, provided that in each case, any representation or warranty that is qualified as to materiality or material adverse effect is true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects; 

(b) As of the date hereof, the Borrower has the limited liability company power and authority, and the legal right, to enter into and perform this Amendment. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment have been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company action on the part of such party. The execution and delivery by such party of this Amendment, and performance by such party of the Amended Credit Agreement, will not (i) contravene any provision of any law, statute, rule or regulation or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or Governmental Authority, (ii) (x) violate or result in any breach of any of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or give rise to any right to accelerate or to require the prepayment, repurchase of redemption of any obligation under, or (y) result in the creation or imposition of (or the obligation to directly or indirectly create or impose) any Lien (except pursuant to the Security Documents) upon any of the property or assets of any Credit Party or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, credit agreement or loan agreement, or any other agreement, contract or instrument, in each case to which any Credit Party or any Restricted Subsidiary is a party or by which it or any of its property or assets is bound or to which it may be subject or (iii) violate any provision of the certificate or articles of incorporation, certificate of formation, limited liability company agreement or by-laws (or equivalent organizational documents), as applicable, of any Credit Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, except to the extent all violations or contraventions with respect to the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii)(x) could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect . This Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of 

4 

such party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, and other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; 

(c) The Acknowledgement, when executed and delivered by each Guarantor party thereto, will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Guarantor, enforceable against such Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, and other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; and 

(d) On the date hereof and on the Amendment Effective Date (both before and after giving effect to this Amendment) , no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

Section 3.3 Severability . In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Amendment should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein and therein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby (it being understood that the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not in and of itself affect the validity of such provision in any other jurisdiction). The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 

Section 3.4 Continuing Effect; No Other Waivers or Amendments . 

(a) This Amendment shall not constitute an amendment to or waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents except as expressly stated herein and shall not be construed as a consent to any action on the part of the Borrower or any other Credit Party that would require an amendment, waiver or consent of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders except as expressly stated herein. Except as expressly amended or waived hereby, the provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents are and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. 

(b) The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) this Amendment, the Acknowledgment and any other Credit Documents executed and delivered in connection herewith do not constitute a novation, or termination of the Obligations (as defined in the Credit Documents) under the Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Amendment Effective Date; (ii) such Obligations are in all respects continuing (as amended hereby) with only the terms thereof being modified to the extent expressly provided in this Amendment; and (iii) the Liens and security interests as granted under the Credit Documents securing payment of such Obligations are in all such respects continuing in full force and effect and secure the payment of the Obligations. 

(c) On and after the Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein or words of like import, shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement, and this Amendment and the Credit Agreement shall be read together and construed as a single instrument. This Amendment and the Acknowledgment shall be a Credit Document for all purposes under the Credit Agreement. 

Section 3.5 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties to this Amendment in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Amendment. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by 

5 

facsimile or other electronic image shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 

Section 3.6 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

Section 3.7. Assignment by Morgan Stanley Bank N.A. to Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 9.04 of the Credit Agreement, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. hereby assigns its Commitment and Loans to Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. hereby accepts such assignment, effective simultaneously with the effectiveness of this Amendment on the Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower and Administrative Agent hereby consent to such assignment and the Administrative Agent is hereby instructed to record such assignment in the Register. 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. 

PRIVATE NATIONAL MORTGAGE ACCEPTANCE 

COMPANY, LLC, as the Borrower 

By: 

/s/ Pamela Marsh 

Name: Pamela Marsh 

Title: Managing Director, Treasurer 

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (PennyMac)] 

CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS 

BRANCH, as Administrative Agent and a Lender 

By: 

/s/ Doreen Barr 

Name: Doreen Barr 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

By: 

/s/ Shyam Kapadia 

Name: Shyam Kapadia 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (PennyMac)] 

LENDER: 

Barclays Bank PLC, as a Lender 

By: 

/s/ Vanessa Kurbatskiy 

Name: 

Vanessa Kurbatskiy 

Title: 

Vice President 

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (PennyMac)] 

LENDER: 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Lender 

By: 

/s/ Ryan Durkin 

Name: 

Ryan Durkin 

Title: 

Authorized Signatory 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

LENDER: 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as a Lender 

By: 

/s/ Gregory A. Jansen 

Name: 

Gregory A. Jansen 

Title: 

Executive Director 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

2 

LENDER: 

Citibank, N.A., as a Lender 

By: 

/s/ Ciaran Small 

Name: 

Ciaran Small 

Title: 

Vice President 

3 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as a Lender 

By: 

/s/ Michael King 

Name: 

Michael King 

Title: 

Authorized Signatory 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

4 

Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as a Lender 

By: 

/s/ Michael King 

Name: 

Michael King 

Title: 

Vice President 

5 

EXHIBIT A 

TO AMENDMENT 

[FORM OF] ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CONFIRMATION 

1. Reference is made to the Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2017 (the Amendment ), by and among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Amendment or the Amended Credit Agreement, as the case may be. 

2. Each of the undersigned hereby (a) acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Amendment and (b) consents to and approves the execution, delivery and performance of the Amendment and the performance of the Amended Credit Agreement. 

3. After giving effect to the Amendment and the amendments and modifications to the Credit Documents effectuated by the Amendment (collectively, the Modifications ), each of the undersigned ratifies, reaffirms and agrees (i) that the Amendment and any other Credit Documents executed and delivered in connection therewith do not constitute a novation, or termination of the Obligations under and as defined in the Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Amendment Effective Date, (ii) that such Obligations are in all respects continuing (as amended thereby) with only the terms thereof being modified to the extent provided in the Amendment, (iii) to perform all of its obligations under each Credit Document to which it is a party (whether as original signatory thereto, by supplement thereto, by operation of law or otherwise), and (iv) that all such obligations remain in full force and effect. 

4. After giving effect to the Amendment and the Modifications effectuated thereby, each of the undersigned, with respect to each Credit Document to which it is a party (a) reaffirms and ratifies its unconditional guarantee of the full and punctual payment and performance of the Obligations as further set forth in the Guaranty, (b) reaffirms and ratifies the Liens and security interests granted by the undersigned under such Credit Document and (c) confirms and acknowledges that the Liens and security interests granted by the undersigned under such Credit Document remain in full force and effect and secure the payments of the Obligations. 

5. After giving effect to the Amendment and the Modifications effectuated thereby, each of the undersigned agrees that, from and after the Amendment Effective Date, each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Credit Documents shall be deemed to be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 

6. THIS ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CONFIRMATION SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

7. This Acknowledgment and Confirmation may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties to this Acknowledgement and Confirmation in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Acknowledgement and Confirmation. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Acknowledgement and Confirmation by facsimile or other electronic image shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Acknowledgement and Confirmation. 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Acknowledgment and Confirmation to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

[ ] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[ ] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[ ] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[ ] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

</EX-10.98>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 pfsi-20171231ex21165767a.htm
 EX-21.1

pfsi_EX_21-1

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

as of December 31, 2017 

Entity 

Entity Type 

State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC 

Limited Liability Company 

Delaware 

PNMAC Capital Management, LLC 

Limited Liability Company 

Delaware 

PennyMac Loan Services, LLC 

Limited Liability Company 

Delaware 

PNMAC Opportunity Fund Associates, LLC 

Limited Liability Company 

Delaware 

PNMAC Finance Corporation 

Corporation 

Delaware 

PNMAC GMSR Issuer Trust 

Statutory Trust 

Delaware 

PennyMac Loan Services, Inc. 

Corporation 

California 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 pfsi-20171231ex231b8b730.htm
 EX-23.1

pfsi_EX_23-1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements No. 333-188929, 333-213602 and 333-218388 on Forms S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-191522 on Form S-3 of our report dated March 9, 2018 relating to the consolidated financial statements of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., and subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

Los Angeles, California 

March 9, 2018 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 pfsi-20171231ex3111d3185.htm
 EX-31.1

pfsi_Ex31_1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, David A. Spector, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2018 

/s/ David A. Spector 

David A. Spector 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 pfsi-20171231ex3128a6afe.htm
 EX-31.2

pfsi_Ex31_2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Andrew S. Chang, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2018 

/s/ Andrew S. Chang 

Andrew S. Chang 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 pfsi-20171231ex32108b1ad.htm
 EX-32.1

pfsi_Ex32_1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David A. Spector, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 9, 2018 

/s/ David A. Spector 

David A. Spector 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and will be retained by PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 pfsi-20171231ex322e302a3.htm
 EX-32.2

pfsi_Ex32_2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Andrew S. Chang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 9, 2018 

/s/ Andrew S. Chang 

Andrew S. Chang 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and will be retained by PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 16
 pfsi-20171231.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 pfsi-20171231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 pfsi-20171231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 pfsi-20171231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 pfsi-20171231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 pfsi-20171231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

