<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20180111_10-K_edgar_data_1433994_0001193125-18-009002.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1644897</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97185</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>202167</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>467215</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>481057</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>331256</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-18-009002.hdr.sgml : 20180111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20180111162442
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-18-009002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180111
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180111

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001433994
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34164
		FILM NUMBER:		18523854

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O GUGGENHEIM INVESTMENTS
		STREET 2:		805 KING FARM BOULEVARD, SUITE 600
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301-296-5100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O GUGGENHEIM INVESTMENTS
		STREET 2:		805 KING FARM BOULEVARD, SUITE 600
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-18-009002.txt : 20180111

10-K
 1
 d447065d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2017 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from
 to
 
 Commission File Number 001-34164 
 
 CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust 
 Sponsored by Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC, 
 d/b/a Guggenheim Investments 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

New York 
 
 30-6164139 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

702 King Farm Boulevard, Suite 200 
 Rockville, Maryland 
 
 20850 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 (301) 296-5100 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Singapore Dollar Shares 
 
 NYSE Arca 
 
 (Title of class) 
 
 (Name of exchange on which registered) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act). Yes No Aggregate market value of
50,000 shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock on April 30, 2017 as reported by
NYSE Arca on that date: 3,517,000. Number of Common Units of Beneficial Interest outstanding as of December 31, 2017: 50,000 

Table of Contents 

 CURRENCYSHARES SINGAPORE DOLLAR TRUST
 INDEX 

Caption 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business. 

1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors. 

4 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

8 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties. 

8 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 

8 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 

8 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

9 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data. 

10 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

10 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

14 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

14 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 

14 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures. 

15 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information. 

15 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

16 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation. 

16 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

16 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

16 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

16 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

17 

SIGNATURES 

i 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview The CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust (the Trust is a grantor trust that was formed on August 7, 2008. The Shares began trading on NYSE Arca Inc. NYSE Arca under the ticker
symbol FXSG on February 13, 2013. The Trust issues shares (the Shares in blocks of 50,000 (a Basket in exchange for deposits of Singapore Dollars and distributes Singapore Dollars in connection with the
redemption of Baskets. The investment objective of the Trust is for the Shares to reflect the price in USD of the Singapore Dollar plus accrued interest,
less the expenses of the Trust s operations. The Shares are intended to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the market for the Singapore Dollar through an investment in securities. The Shares are intended to provide institutional
and retail investors with a simple, cost-effective means of gaining investment benefits similar to those of holding the Singapore Dollar. The Shares are bought and sold on NYSE Arca like any other exchange-listed security. The Shares are backed by
the assets of the Trust, which does not hold or use derivative products. The Trust is a passive investment vehicle and does not have any officers, directors or employees. The Trust does not engage in any activities designed to obtain profit from, or
ameliorate losses caused by, changes in the price of the Singapore Dollar. Investing in the Shares does not insulate the investor from certain risks, including price volatility. The value of the holdings of the Trust is reported on the Trust s
website, www.currencyshares.com, each business day. The Trust 
 General The Trust holds Singapore Dollars
and, from time to time, issues Baskets in exchange for deposits of Singapore Dollars and distributes Singapore Dollars in connection with redemptions of Baskets. The Singapore Dollars held by the Trust will be sold only (1) if needed to pay
Trust expenses, (2) in the event the Trust terminates and liquidates its assets or (3) as otherwise required by law or regulation. 
 The Sponsor The Sponsor of the Trust
generally oversees the performance of the Trustee and the Trust s principal service providers, but does not exercise day-to-day oversight over the Trustee or the
Trust s service providers. The Sponsor is Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The Sponsor changed its name from Rydex Specialized Products LLC as of March 30, 2012. 
 The Trust s only ordinary recurring expense is the Sponsor s fee. The Sponsor is responsible for payment of the following administrative and
marketing expenses of the Trust: the Trustee s monthly fee, typical maintenance and transaction fees of the Depository, NYSE Arca listing fees, printing and mailing costs, audit fees and expenses, up to 100,000 per year in legal fees and
expenses, and applicable license fees. The Sponsor also paid the costs of the Trust s organization, including the applicable SEC registration fees. The Sponsor s fee accrues daily at an annual nominal rate of 0.40 of the Singapore Dollars
in the Trust (including all unpaid interest but excluding unpaid fees, each as accrued through the immediately preceding day). The Sponsor was paid 14,140 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2017. 
 The Trustee The Bank of New York Mellon,
a banking corporation with trust powers organized under the laws of the State of New York, serves as the Trustee. The Trustee is responsible for the day-to-day 
administration of the Trust, including keeping the Trust s operational records. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Net Asset Value 
 The Trustee calculates, and the Sponsor publishes, the Trust s Net Asset Value NAV each business day. To calculate the NAV, the Trustee adds
to the amount of Singapore Dollars in the Trust at the end of the preceding day accrued but unpaid interest, if any, Singapore Dollars receivable under pending purchase orders and the value of other Trust assets, and subtracts the accrued but unpaid
Sponsor s fee, Singapore Dollars payable under pending redemption orders and other Trust expenses and liabilities, if any. The NAV is expressed in U.S. Dollars USD based on the Singapore Dollar/USD exchange rate as determined by
The WM Company at 4:00 PM (London time / London fixing) (the Closing Spot Rate on each day that NYSE Arca is open for regular trading. If, on a particular evaluation day, the Closing Spot Rate has not been determined and announced by
6:00 PM (London time), then the most recent Closing Spot Rate is used to determine the NAV of the Trust unless the Trustee, in consultation with the Sponsor, determines that such price is inappropriate to use as the basis for the valuation. 
 The Trustee also determines the NAV per Share, which equals the NAV of the Trust divided by the number of outstanding Shares. The NAV of the Trust and the NAV
per Share are published by the Sponsor on each day that NYSE Arca is open for regular trading and are posted on the Trust s website, www.currencyshares.com. 
 Depository and Deposit Accounts JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch, is the Depository. The Depository maintains two deposit accounts for the Trust, a primary deposit account that may earn interest and a secondary deposit account that does not earn interest (collectively, the
 Deposit Accounts ). Interest on the primary deposit account, if any, accrues daily and is paid monthly. If the Sponsor believes that the interest rate paid by the Depository is not competitive, the Sponsor s recourse is to remove the
Depository by terminating the Deposit Account Agreement and closing the Deposit Accounts. The Depository is not paid a fee for its services to the Trust. The Depository may earn a spread or margin over the rate of interest it
pays to the Trust on the Singapore Dollar deposit balances. The secondary deposit account is used to account for any interest that may be received and
paid on creations and redemptions of Baskets. The secondary deposit account is also used to account for interest earned on the primary deposit account, if any, pay Trust expenses and distribute any excess interest to Shareholders on a monthly basis.
In the event that the interest deposited exceeds the sum of the Sponsor s fee for the prior month plus other Trust expenses, if any, then the Trustee will direct that the excess be converted into USD at the prevailing market rate and the
Trustee will distribute the USD as promptly as practicable to Shareholders on a pro-rata basis (in accordance with the number of Shares that they own). 
 Trust Expenses In certain exceptional
cases the Trust may pay expenses in addition to the Sponsor s fee. These exceptions include expenses not assumed by the Sponsor, expenses resulting from a negative interest rate, taxes and governmental charges, expenses and costs of any
extraordinary services performed by the Trustee or the Sponsor on behalf of the Trust or action taken by the Trustee or the Sponsor to protect the Trust or the interests of Shareholders, indemnification of the Sponsor under the Depositary Trust
Agreement, and legal expenses in excess of 100,000 per year. Termination 
 The Trust will terminate upon the occurrence of any of the termination events listed in the Depositary Trust Agreement and will otherwise terminate on 
 August 7, 2048. The Shares 
 General Each Share represents a
proportional interest, based on the total number of Shares outstanding, in the Singapore Dollars owned by the Trust, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, less accrued but unpaid expenses (both asset-based and
 non-asset based) of the Trust. All Shares are of the same class with equal rights and privileges. Each Share is transferable, is fully paid and non-assessable and
entitles the holder to vote on the limited matters upon which Shareholders may vote under the Depositary Trust Agreement. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Limited Rights 
 The Shares are not a traditional investment. They are dissimilar from the shares of a corporation operating a business enterprise, with management and a board
of directors. Trust Shareholders do not have rights normally associated with owning shares of a business corporation, including, for example, the right to bring oppression or derivative actions. Shareholders have only those
rights explicitly set forth in the Depositary Trust Agreement. The Shares do not entitle their holders to any conversion or pre-emptive rights or, except as described herein, any redemption or distribution
rights. Voting and Approvals 
 Shareholders have no voting rights under the Depositary Trust Agreement, except in limited circumstances. If the holders of at least 25 of the Shares
outstanding determine that the Trustee is in material breach of its obligations under the Depositary Trust Agreement, they may provide written notice to the Trustee (or require the Sponsor to do so) specifying the default and requiring the Trustee
to cure such default. If the Trustee fails to cure such breach within 30 days after receipt of such notice, the Sponsor, acting on behalf of the Shareholders, may remove the Trustee. The holders of at least 66 2/3 of the Shares outstanding may vote
to remove the Trustee. The Trustee must terminate the Trust at the request of the holders of at least 75 of the outstanding Shares. 
 Creation and Redemption of Shares The
creation and redemption of Baskets requires the delivery to the Trust or the distribution by the Trust of the amount of Singapore Dollars represented by the Baskets being created or redeemed. This amount is based on the combined NAV per Share of the
number of Shares included in the Baskets being created or redeemed, determined on the day the order to create or redeem Baskets is accepted by the Trustee. 
 Only Authorized Participants may place orders to create and redeem Baskets. An Authorized Participant is a Depository Trust Company DTC participant that is a registered broker-dealer or other securities market participant, such as a bank or other financial institution that is not required to register as a broker-dealer to engage in securities transactions. 
 Before initiating a creation or redemption order, an Authorized Participant must have entered into a Participant Agreement with the Sponsor and the Trustee.
The Participant Agreement provides the procedures for the creation and redemption of Baskets and for the delivery of Singapore Dollars required for creations and redemptions. The Participant Agreements may be amended by the Trustee and the Sponsor.
Authorized Participants pay a transaction fee of 500 to the Trustee for each order that they place to create or redeem one or more Baskets. In addition to the 500 transaction fee paid to the Trustee, Authorized Participants pay a variable fee to
the Sponsor for creation orders and redemption orders of two or more Baskets to compensate the Sponsor for costs associated with the registration of Shares. The variable fee paid to the Sponsor by an Authorized Participant will not exceed 2,000 for
each creation or redemption order, as set forth in the Participant Agreement. Authorized Participants who make deposits with the Trust in exchange for Baskets receive no fees, commissions or other form of compensation or inducement of any kind from
either the Sponsor or the Trust. No Authorized Participant has any obligation or responsibility to the Sponsor or the Trust to effect any sale or resale of Shares. 
 Availability of SEC Reports and Other Information The
Sponsor, on behalf of the Trust, files quarterly and annual reports and other information with the SEC. The reports and other information can be accessed through the Trust s website at www.currencyshares.com. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should consider carefully the risks described below before making an investment decision. You should also refer to the other information included in
this report, including the Trust s financial statements and the related notes. The value of the Shares relates directly to the value of the
Singapore Dollars held by the Trust. Fluctuations in the price of the Singapore Dollar could materially and adversely affect the value of the Shares. 
 The Shares are designed to reflect the price of the Singapore Dollar, plus accumulated interest, if any, less the Trust s expenses. Several factors may
affect the price of the Singapore Dollar, including: 

Sovereign debt levels and trade deficits; 

Domestic and foreign inflation rates and interest rates and investors expectations concerning those rates; 

Currency exchange rates; 

Investment and trading activities of mutual funds, hedge funds and currency funds; and 

Global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations. In addition, the Singapore Dollar
may not maintain its long-term value in terms of purchasing power in the future. When the price of the Singapore Dollar declines, the Sponsor expects the price of a Share to decline as well. 
 The Singapore Dollar/USD exchange rate, like foreign exchange rates in general, can be volatile and difficult to predict. This volatility could materially
and adversely affect the performance of the Shares. Foreign exchange rates are influenced by the factors identified in the preceding risk factor and
may also be influenced by: changing supply and demand for a particular currency; monetary policies of governments (including exchange control programs, restrictions on local exchanges or markets and limitations on foreign investment in a country or
on investment by residents of a country in other countries); changes in balances of payments and trade; trade restrictions; and currency devaluations and revaluations. Also, governments from time to time intervene in the currency markets, directly
and by regulation, in order to influence prices directly. These events and actions are unpredictable. The resulting volatility in the Singapore Dollar/USD exchange rate could materially and adversely affect the performance of the Shares. 
 If interest earned by the Trust does not exceed the Trust s expenses, the Trustee will withdraw Singapore Dollars from the Trust to pay these excess
expenses, which will reduce the amount of Singapore Dollars represented by each Share on an ongoing basis and may result in adverse tax consequences for Shareholders. 
 Each outstanding Share represents a fractional, undivided interest in the Singapore Dollars held by the Trust. Recently, the amount of interest earned by the
Trust has not exceeded the Trust s expenses; accordingly, the Trustee has been required to withdraw Singapore Dollars from the Trust to pay these excess expenses. As long as the amount of interest earned does not exceed expenses, the amount of
Singapore Dollars represented by each Share will gradually decline over time. This is true even if additional Shares are issued in exchange for additional deposits of Singapore Dollars into the Trust, as the amount of Singapore Dollars required to
create Shares will proportionately reflect the amount of Singapore Dollars represented by the Shares outstanding at the time of creation. Assuming a constant Singapore Dollar price, if expenses exceed interest earned, the trading price of the Shares
will gradually decline relative to the price of the Singapore Dollar as the amount of Singapore Dollars represented by the Shares gradually declines. In this event, the Shares will only maintain their original price if the price of Singapore Dollars
increases. There is no guarantee that interest earned by the Trust in the future will exceed the Trust s expenses. Investors should be aware that a
gradual decline in the amount of Singapore Dollars represented by the Shares may occur regardless of whether the trading price of the Shares rises or falls in response to changes in the price of the Singapore Dollar. The estimated ordinary operating
expenses of the Trust, which accrue daily, are described in Business The Trust Trust Expenses. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 The payment of expenses by the Trust will result in a taxable event to Shareholders. To the extent Trust expenses
exceed interest paid to the Trust, a gain or loss may be recognized by Shareholders depending on the tax basis of the tendered Singapore Dollars. The
interest rate paid by the Depository, if any, may not be the best rate available. If the Sponsor determines that the interest rate is inadequate, then its sole recourse is to remove the Depository and terminate the Deposit Accounts. 
 The Depository is committed to endeavor to pay a competitive interest rate on the balance of Singapore Dollars in the primary deposit account of the Trust, but
there is no guarantee of the amount of interest that will be paid, if any, on this account. Interest on the primary deposit account, if any, accrues daily and is paid monthly. The Depository may change the rate at which interest accrues, including
reducing the interest rate to zero or below zero, based upon the Depository s belief that the Singapore Domestic Interbank Overnight Average Rate SIBSCORA does not accurately reflect the market, changes in SIBSCORA, other market
conditions or the Depository s liquidity needs. The Depository notifies the Sponsor of the interest rate applied each business day after the close of such business day. The Sponsor discloses the current interest rate on the Trust s
website. If the Sponsor believes that the interest rate paid by the Depository is not adequate, the Sponsor s sole recourse is to remove the Depository and terminate the Deposit Accounts. The Depository is not paid a fee for its services to the
Trust; rather, it generates income or loss based on its ability to earn a spread or margin over the interest it pays to the Trust by using the Trust s Singapore Dollars to make loans or in other banking operations. For
these reasons, you should not expect that the Trust will be paid the best available interest rate at any time or over time. If the Trust incurs
expenses in USD, the Trust would be required to sell Singapore Dollars to pay these expenses. The sale of the Trust s Singapore Dollars to pay expenses in USD at a time of low Singapore Dollar prices could adversely affect the value of the
Shares. The Trustee will sell Singapore Dollars held by the Trust to pay Trust expenses, if any, incurred in USD, irrespective of then-current
Singapore Dollar prices. The Trust is not actively managed and no attempt will be made to buy or sell Singapore Dollars to protect against or to take advantage of fluctuations in the price of the Singapore Dollar. Consequently, if the Trust incurs
expenses in USD, the Trust s Singapore Dollars may be sold at a time when the Singapore Dollar price is low, resulting in a negative effect on the value of the Shares. 
 Purchasing activity in the Singapore Dollar market associated with the purchase of Baskets from the Trust may cause a temporary increase in the price of
the Singapore Dollar. This increase may adversely affect an investment in the Shares. Purchasing activity associated with acquiring the Singapore
Dollars required for deposit into the Trust in connection with the creation of Baskets may temporarily increase the market price of Singapore Dollars, which will result in higher prices for the Shares. Temporary increases in the market price of the
Singapore Dollar may also occur as a result of the purchasing activity of other market participants. Other market participants may attempt to benefit from an increase in the market price of Singapore Dollars that may result from increased purchasing
activity of Singapore Dollars connected with the issuance of Baskets. Consequently, the market price of Singapore Dollars may decline immediately after Baskets are created. If the price of Singapore Dollars declines, then it is anticipated that the
trading price of the Shares will also decline. In addition, if the Trust experiences a significant increase in its expenses due to an unexpected event, then it is anticipated that the unexpected expenses would reduce the NAV of the Trust, which
would cause the trading price of the Shares to decline even if the price of Singapore Dollars did not decline. The Deposit Accounts are not entitled
to payment at any office of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. located in the United States. The federal laws of the United States prohibit banks located in
the United States from paying interest on unrestricted demand deposit accounts. Therefore, payments out of the Deposit Accounts will be payable only at the London branch of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., located in England. The Trustee will not be
entitled to demand payment of these accounts at any office of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. that is located in the United States. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will not be required to repay the deposit if its London branch cannot repay the deposit due to an
act of war, insurrection or civil strife or an action by a foreign government or instrumentality (whether de jure or de facto in England. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Shareholders do not have the protections associated with ownership of a demand deposit account insured in the
United States by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the protection provided for bank deposits under English law. Neither the Shares nor the
Deposit Accounts and the Singapore Dollars deposited in them are deposits insured against loss by the FDIC, any other federal agency of the United States or the Financial Services Compensation Scheme of England. 
 If the Depository becomes insolvent, its assets may not be adequate to satisfy a claim by the Trust or any Authorized Participant. In addition, in the
event of the insolvency of the Depository or the U.S. bank of which it is a branch, there may be a delay and costs incurred in recovering the Singapore Dollars held in the Deposit Accounts. 
 Singapore Dollars deposited in the Deposit Accounts by an Authorized Participant are commingled with Singapore Dollars deposited by other Authorized
Participants and are held by the Depository in either the primary deposit account or the secondary deposit account of the Trust. Singapore Dollars held in the Deposit Accounts are not segregated from the Depository s other assets. 
 The Trust has no proprietary rights in or to any specific Singapore Dollars held by the Depository and will be an unsecured creditor of the Depository with
respect to the Singapore Dollars held in the Deposit Accounts in the event of the insolvency of the Depository or the U.S. bank of which it is a branch. In the event the Depository or the U.S. bank of which it is a branch becomes insolvent, the
Depository s assets may not be adequate to satisfy a claim by the Trust or any Authorized Participant for the amount of Singapore Dollars deposited by the Trust or the Authorized Participant and in such event, the Trust and any Authorized
Participant will generally have no right in or to assets other than those of the Depository. In the case of insolvency of the Depository or JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A., the U.S. bank of which the Depository is a branch, a liquidator may seek to freeze access to the Singapore Dollars held in all accounts by the Depository, including the Deposit Accounts. The Trust and the Authorized Participants
could incur expenses and delays in connection with asserting their claims. These problems would be exacerbated by the fact that the Deposit Accounts are not held in the U.S. but instead are held at the London branch of a U.S. national bank, where
they are subject to English insolvency law. Further, under U.S. law, in the case of the insolvency of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the claims of creditors in respect of accounts (such as the Trust s Deposit Accounts) that are maintained with an
overseas branch of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will be subordinate to claims of creditors in respect of accounts maintained with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in the U.S., greatly increasing the risk that the Trust and the Trust s beneficiaries would
suffer a loss. Shareholders do not have the protections associated with ownership of shares in an investment company registered under the Investment
Company Act. The Investment Company Act is designed to protect investors by preventing: insiders from managing investment companies to their benefit
and to the detriment of public investors; the issuance of securities having inequitable or discriminatory provisions; the management of investment companies by irresponsible persons; the use of unsound or misleading methods of computing earnings and
asset value; changes in the character of investment companies without the consent of investors; and investment companies from engaging in excessive leveraging. To accomplish these ends, the Investment Company Act requires the safekeeping and proper
valuation of fund assets, restricts greatly transactions with affiliates, limits leveraging, and imposes governance requirements as a check on fund management. 
 The Trust is not registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and is not required to register under that act. Consequently,
Shareholders do not have the regulatory protections afforded to investors in registered investment companies. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Shareholders do not have the rights enjoyed by investors in certain other financial instruments. 
 As interests in a grantor trust, the Shares have none of the statutory rights normally associated with the ownership of shares of a business corporation,
including, for example, the right to bring oppression or derivative actions. Apart from the rights afforded to them by federal and state securities laws, Shareholders have only those rights relative to the Trust, the Trust
property and the Shares that are set forth in the Depositary Trust Agreement. In this connection, the Shareholders have limited voting and distribution rights. They do not have the right to elect directors. See Business The Shares
 Limited Rights for a description of the limited rights of the Shareholders. The Shares may trade at a price which is at, above, or below
the NAV per Share. The NAV per Share fluctuates with changes in the market value of the Trust s assets. The market price of Shares can be
expected to fluctuate in accordance with changes in the NAV per Share, but also in response to market supply and demand. As a result, the Shares might trade at prices at, above or below the NAV per Share. 
 The Depository owes no fiduciary duties to the Trust or the Shareholders, is not required to act in their best interest and could resign or be removed by
the Sponsor, which would trigger early termination of the Trust. The Depository is not a trustee for the Trust or the Shareholders. As stated above,
the Depository is not obligated to maximize the interest rate paid to the Trust. In addition, the Depository has no duty to continue to act as the depository of the Trust. The Depository can terminate its role as depository for any reason whatsoever
upon 90 days notice to the Trust. If directed by the Sponsor, the Trustee must terminate the Depository. Such a termination might result, for example, if the Sponsor determines that the interest rate paid by the Depository is inadequate. In
the event that the Depository was to resign or be removed, the Trust will be terminated. Shareholders may incur significant fees upon the termination
of the Trust. The occurrence of any one of several events would either require the Trust to terminate or permit the Sponsor to terminate the Trust.
For example, if the Depository was to resign or be removed, then the Sponsor would be required to terminate the Trust. Shareholders tendering their Baskets within 90 days of the Trust s termination will receive the amount of Singapore Dollars
represented by their Baskets. Shareholders may incur significant fees if they choose to convert the Singapore Dollars they receive to USD. Redemption
orders are subject to rejection by the Trustee under certain circumstances. The Trustee will reject a redemption order if the order is not in proper
form as described in the Participant Agreement or if the fulfillment of the order, in the opinion of its counsel, might be unlawful. Any such rejection could adversely affect a redeeming Shareholder. For example, the resulting delay would adversely
affect the value of the Shareholder s redemption distribution if the NAV were to decline during the delay. In the Depositary Trust Agreement, the Sponsor and the Trustee disclaim any liability for any loss or damage that may result from any
such rejection. Substantial sales of Singapore Dollars by the official sector could adversely affect an investment in the Shares. 
 The official sector consists of central banks, other governmental agencies and multi-lateral institutions that buy, sell and hold Singapore Dollars as part of
their reserve assets. The official sector holds a significant amount of Singapore Dollars that can be mobilized in the open market. In the event that future economic, political or social conditions or pressures require members of the official sector
to sell their Singapore Dollars simultaneously or in an uncoordinated manner, the demand for Singapore Dollars might not be sufficient to accommodate the sudden increase in the supply of Singapore Dollars to the market. Consequently, the price of
the Singapore Dollar could decline, which would adversely affect an investment in the Shares. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Shareholders that are not Authorized Participants may only purchase or sell their Shares in secondary trading
markets. Only Authorized Participants may create or redeem Baskets through the Trust. All other investors that desire to purchase or sell Shares must
do so through NYSE Arca or in other markets, if any, in which the Shares are traded. The liability of the Sponsor and the Trustee under the Depositary
Trust Agreement is limited and, except as set forth in the Depositary Trust Agreement, they are not obligated to prosecute any action, suit or other proceeding in respect of any Trust property. 
 The Depositary Trust Agreement provides that neither the Sponsor nor the Trustee assumes any obligation or is subject to any liability under the Trust
Agreement to any Shareholder, except that they each agree to perform their respective obligations specifically set forth in the Depositary Trust Agreement without negligence or bad faith. Additionally, neither the Sponsor nor the Trustee is
obligated to, although each may in its respective discretion, prosecute any action, suit or other proceeding in respect of any Trust property. The Depositary Trust Agreement does not confer upon Shareholders the right to prosecute any such action,
suit or other proceeding. The Depositary Trust Agreement may be amended to the detriment of Shareholders without their consent. 
 The Sponsor and the Trustee may amend most provisions (other than those addressing core economic rights) of the Depositary Trust Agreement without the consent
of any Shareholder. Such an amendment could impose or increase fees or charges borne by the Shareholders. Any amendment that increases fees or charges (other than taxes and other governmental charges, registration fees or other expenses), or that
otherwise prejudices any substantial existing rights of Shareholders, will not become effective until 30 days after written notice is given to Shareholders. 
 The License Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon may be terminated by The Bank of New York Mellon in the event of a material breach. Termination of
the License Agreement might lead to early termination and liquidation of the Trust. The Bank of New York Mellon and an affiliate of the Sponsor have
entered into a License Agreement granting the Sponsor s affiliate a license to certain patent applications made by The Bank of New York Mellon covering systems and methods for securitizing a commodity. The Sponsor s affiliate has
sublicensed the license to the Sponsor. The license is limited to a non-exclusive grant for the life of The Bank of New York Mellon s patents and patent applications. The License Agreement provides that
each of the parties may provide notice of intent to terminate the License Agreement in the event the other party commits a material breach. If the License Agreement is terminated and one or more of The Bank of New York Mellon s patent
applications issue as patents, then The Bank of New York Mellon may claim that the operation of the Trust violates its patent or patents and seek an injunction forcing the Trust to cease operation and the Shares to cease trading. In that case, the
Trust might be forced to terminate and liquidate, which would adversely affect Shareholders. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff
Comments None. 
 Item 2. Properties The
principal offices of the Sponsor and the Trust are at 702 King Farm Boulevard, Suite 200, Rockville, Maryland 20850, which is leased by an affiliate of the Sponsor. Neither the Sponsor nor the Trust owns or leases any other property. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 None. Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures Not applicable. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
 Following are the high and low sale prices of the Shares as reported by NYSE Arca for each of the quarters during the fiscal years ended
October 31, 2017 and October 31, 2016: 

Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2017: 
 
 High 

Low 

Quarter Ended 

January 31, 2017 

71.00 

67.52 

April 30, 2017 

70.60 

69.24 

July 31, 2017 

72.67 

69.68 

October 31, 2017 

73.39 

71.89 

Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2016: 
 
 High 

Low 

Quarter Ended 

January 31, 2016 

71.10 

67.73 

April 30, 2016 

74.00 

68.94 

July 31, 2016 

73.56 

71.61 

October 31, 2016 

73.60 

70.02 
 
 The number of record holders of Shares of the registrant as of November 30, 2017 was approximately 23. 
 The Trust did not redeem Baskets from Authorized Participants in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report. 
 The Trust did not distribute any cash dividends per Share during the fiscal years ended October 31, 2017 and October 31, 2016. 
 In the future, to the extent that the interest earned by the Trust exceeds the sum of the Sponsor s fee for the prior month plus other Trust expenses, if
any, the Trust will distribute, as a dividend, the excess interest earned in Singapore Dollars effective on the first business day of the subsequent month. The Trustee will direct that the excess Singapore Dollars be converted into USD at the
prevailing market rate and the Trustee will distribute the USD as promptly as practicable to Shareholders on a pro-rata basis (in accordance with the number of Shares that they own). 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 Following are financial highlights for fiscal year ended October 31, 2017, October 31, 2016, October 31, 2015, October 31, 2014 and the
period from February 13, 2013 (date of inception) to October 31, 2013. 

Fiscal Year ended October 31, 2017 

Fiscal Year ended October 31, 2016 

Fiscal Year ended October 31, 2015 

Fiscal Year ended October 31, 2014 

February 13, 2013 [Date of Inception] to October 31, 2013 

Income 

Interest income 

5,899 

1,229 

1,772 

1 

Total Income 

5,899 

1,229 

1,772 

1 

Expenses 

Sponsor s fee 

(14,140) 

(14,334) 

(22,173) 

(31,635) 

(24,987) 

Total Expenses 

(14,140) 

(14,334) 

(22,173) 

(31,635) 

(24,987) 
 
 Net Loss 

(8,241) 

(13,105) 

(20,401) 

(31,634) 

(24,987) 

Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share 

(0.16) 

(0.26) 

(0.27) 

(0.32) 

(0.32) 
 
 Weighted-average Shares Outstanding 

50,000 

50,000 

75,342 

100,000 

78,630 

Cash Dividends per Share 

Other Comprehensive(Loss)/Income: 

Currency translation adjustment 

(84) 

(32) 

74 

207 

(99) 

Total Comprehensive Loss 

(8,325) 

(13,137) 

(20,327) 

(31,427) 

(25,086) 

As of October 31, 2017, total assets were 3,611,196, and for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2017, net cash flows
were 66,737. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be
identified by words such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, believe, seek, outlook and estimate and other similar words. Forward-looking statements are
based upon our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Various factors may cause our actual results to differ
materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. These factors include fluctuations in the price of the Singapore Dollar, as the value of the Shares relates directly to the value of the Singapore Dollars held by the Trust and price
fluctuations could materially adversely affect an investment in the Shares. Readers are urged to review the Risk Factors section in this report for a description of other risks and uncertainties that may affect an investment in the
Shares. Neither Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC d/b/a Guggenheim Investments (the Sponsor nor any other person assumes responsibility
for the accuracy or completeness of forward-looking statements contained in this report. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report, and will not be revised or updated to reflect actual results or changes in the
Sponsor s expectations or predictions. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Movements in the Price of Singapore Dollar 
 The investment objective of the Trust is for the Shares to reflect the price in USD of the Singapore Dollar plus accrued interest, if any, less the expenses of
the Trust s operations. The Shares are intended to provide institutional and retail investors with a simple, cost-effective means of gaining investment benefits similar to those of holding Singapore Dollars. Each outstanding Share represents a
proportional interest in the Singapore Dollars held by the Trust. The following chart provides recent trends on the price of the Singapore Dollar. The chart illustrates recent movements in the price of Singapore Dollars in USD and is based on the
Closing Spot Rate: 

11 

Table of Contents 

 NAV per Share; Valuation of the Singapore Dollar 
 The following chart illustrates the movement in the price of the Shares based on (1) NAV per Share, (2) the bid and ask 
midpoint offered on NYSE Arca and (3) the Closing Spot Rate expressed as a multiple of 100 Singapore Dollars: 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity 
 The Sponsor is not aware of any trends, demands, conditions or events that are reasonably likely to result in material changes to the Trust s liquidity
needs. The Trust s Depository, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch, maintains two deposit accounts for the Trust, a primary deposit account that may earn interest and a secondary deposit account that does not earn interest. Interest on the
primary deposit account, if any, accrues daily and is paid monthly. The interest rate in effect as of October 31, 2017 was an annual nominal rate of 0.70 . The following chart provides the daily rate paid by the Depository since the Shares
began trading: 

In exchange for a fee, the Sponsor bears most of the expenses incurred by the Trust. As a result, the only ordinary expense
of the Trust during the period covered by this report was the Sponsor s fee. Each month the Depository deposits into the secondary deposit account accrued but unpaid interest, if any, and the Trustee withdraws Singapore Dollars from the
secondary deposit account to pay the accrued Sponsor s fee for the previous month plus other Trust expenses, if any. When the interest deposited, if any, exceeds the sum of the Sponsor s fee for the prior month plus other Trust expenses,
if any, the Trustee converts the excess into USD at the prevailing market rate and distributes the USD as promptly as practicable to Shareholders on a pro-rata basis (in accordance with the number of Shares
that they own). The Trust did not make any distributions during the quarter ended October 31, 2017. Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires the Sponsor s
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of the assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the
period covered by this report. In addition to the description below, please refer to Note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of our
accounting policies. The functional currency of the Trust is the Singapore Dollar in accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Translation. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 As of October 31, 2015, the number of Singapore Dollars owned by the Trust was 4,949,120, resulting in a redeemable capital share value of 3,532,920.
During the year ended October 31, 2016, no shares were created or redeemed, and 17,629 Singapore Dollars were withdrawn to pay the portion of the Sponsor s fee that exceeded the interest earned. As of October 31, 2016, the number of
Singapore Dollars owned by the Trust was 4,931,491, resulting in a redeemable capital share value of 3,541,792. During the year ended October 31, 2017, no shares were created or redeemed, and 13,596 Singapore Dollars were withdrawn to pay the
portion of the Sponsor s fee that exceeded the interest earned. As of October 31, 2017, the number of Singapore Dollars owned by the Trust was 4,917,895, resulting in a redeemable capital share value of 3,609,970. 
 An increase in the Trust s redeemable capital share value from 3,541,792 at October 31, 2016 to 3,609,970 at October 31, 2017, was primarily
the result of an increase in the Closing Spot Rate from 0.71844 at October 31, 2016 to 0.73400 at October 31, 2017. An increase in the Trust s redeemable capital Share value from 3,532,920 at October 31, 2015 to 3,541,792 at
October 31, 2016, was primarily the result of an increase in the Closing Spot Rate from 0.71403 at October 31, 2015 to 0.71844 at October 31, 2016. 
 Interest income increased from 1,229 for the year ended October 31, 2016 to 5,899 for the year ended October 31, 2017 attributable primarily to an
increase in the annual nominal interest rate paid by the Depository, as set forth in the chart above. Interest income decreased from 1,772 for the year ended October 31, 2015 to 1,229 for the year ended October 31, 2016, attributable
primarily to a decrease in the weighted-average Singapore Dollars in the Trust. The Sponsor s fee accrues daily at an annual nominal rate of 0.40 
of Singapore Dollars in the Trust. Due primarily to a decrease in the Closing Spot Rate as set forth in the Noon Buying Rate/Closing Spot Rate chart, the Sponsor s fee decreased from 14,334 for the year ended October 31, 2016 to 14,140
for the year ended October 31, 2017. The only expense of the Trust during the year ended October 31, 2017 was the Sponsor s fee. Due primarily to a decrease in the weighted-average Singapore Dollars in the Trust, the Sponsor s
fee decreased from 22,173 for the year ended October 31, 2015 to 14,334 for the year ended October 31, 2016. The only expense of the Trust during the year ended October 31, 2016 was the Sponsor s fee. 
 The Trust s net loss for the year ended October 31, 2017 was 8,241, due to the Sponsor s fee of 14,140 exceeding the interest income of
 5,899. The Trust s net loss during October 31, 2016 was 13,105, due to the Sponsor s fee of 14,334 exceeding the interest income of 1,229. The Trust s net loss for the year ended October 31, 2015 was 20,401 due to the
Sponsor s fee of 22,173 exceeding the interest income of 1,772. Cash dividends were not paid by the Trust in the years ended October 31,
2017, October 31, 2016 and October 31, 2015 as the Trust s interest income did not exceed the Trust s expenses during those periods. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Except as described above with respect to the Singapore Dollar/USD exchange rate and the nominal annual interest rate to be paid by the Depository on Singapore
Dollars held by the Trust, the Trust is not subject to market risk. The Trust does not hold securities and does not invest in derivative instruments. 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 See Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 for a list of the financial statements filed with this report. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The
chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the Sponsor have evaluated the effectiveness of the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of October 31, 2017. Based on that evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the
Sponsor have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of the Trust were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Sponsor s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Trust s internal control over financial reporting is based on criteria established in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (COSO), and is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Trust s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that the Trust s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Trust s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become ineffective because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the Sponsor have assessed the effectiveness of the Trust s internal control over financial
reporting as of October 31, 2017. Their assessment included an evaluation of the design of the Trust s internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operation effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting.
Based on their assessment and those criteria, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the Sponsor believe that the Trust maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2017. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Trust s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Trust s last fiscal quarter that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 John Sullivan and Keith D. Kemp serve as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Sponsor, respectively. The Sponsor s Board of
Managers is composed of John Sullivan, Keith D. Kemp and Michael Byrum. John Sullivan, age 62, has been the Chief Executive Officer of the Sponsor since
September 2016. Mr. Sullivan has been Senior Managing Director of Guggenheim Investments since 2010. Mr. Sullivan has also served as Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer of certain funds in the Guggenheim fund
complex since 2010. Mr. Sullivan served as Managing Director and Chief Compliance Officer of each of the funds in the Van Kampen Investments, Inc. fund complex from 2004 to 2010 and as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Van Kampen
Investments, Inc. fund complex from 1996 to 2004. Mr. Sullivan also served as Managing Director and Head of Fund Accounting and Administration for Morgan Stanley Investment Management from 2002 to 2004. Mr. Sullivan holds a Master of
Business Administration degree in Finance from DePaul University and a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting from Western Illinois University. 
 Keith D. Kemp, age 57, has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Sponsor since September 2016. Mr. Kemp has served as Managing Director of Guggenheim
Investments from April 2015 to the present and as Director of Guggenheim Investments from 2010 to 2015. Mr. Kemp has also served as Managing Director of Transparent Value, LLC from 2015 to 2016 and as Director of Transparent Value, LLC from
2010 to 2015. Mr. Kemp also served as Chief Operating Officer of Macquarie Capital Investment Management from 2007 to 2009. Mr. Kemp holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the State University of New York at Oswego. 
 Michael Byrum, age 47, has been the Manager of the Sponsor since September 2005. Mr. Byrum has served as Senior Vice President of Security Investors, LLC
since 2010. Mr. Byrum has also served as President and Chief Investment Officer of Rydex Holdings, LLC since 2008. Mr. Byrum has served as Director and Chairman of Advisory Research Center, Inc. since 2006. Mr. Byrum served as Vice
President of Guggenheim Distributors in 2009. Mr. Byrum has also served as Director of Rydex Fund Services, LLC (now, MUFG Investor Services (US), LLC) from 2009 to 2010 and Secretary of Rydex Fund Services, LLC from 2002 to 2010. Mr. Byrum
also served as Director of Rydex Advisors, LLC from 2008 to 2010, Chief Investment Officer of Rydex Advisors, LLC from 2006 to 2010, President of Rydex Advisors, LLC from 2004 to 2010, and Secretary of Rydex Advisors, LLC from 2002 to 2010.
Mr. Byrum has also served as Director of Rydex Advisors II, LLC from 2008 to 2010, Chief Investment Officer of Rydex Advisors II, LLC from 2006 to 2010, President of Rydex Advisors II, LLC from 2004 to 2010, and Secretary of
Rydex Advisors II, LLC from 2002 to 2010. Mr. Byrum is a Chartered Financial Analyst and has a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with a major in Finance from Miami University of Ohio. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Not applicable. Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters None. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Not applicable. Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following fees were paid by the Sponsor and were for services performed by Ernst Young LLP for
the fiscal years ended October 31, 2017 and October 31, 2016: 

2017 

2016 

Audit Fees 

26,767 

25,988 

Audit-related fees 

4,400 

2,100 

Tax fees 

0 

0 

All other Fees 

0 

0 

31,167 

28,088 

16 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial Statements See Index to Financial Statements on
Page F-1 for a list of the financial statements being filed as a part of this report. Schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable or the information has otherwise been
included. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Formation of Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC dated September 
14, 2005, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-150684) filed by the Trust on May 7, 2008.

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Formation of Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC dated March 
27, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Trust on January 14, 2013. 

3.3 
 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement
 on Form S-1 (File No. 333-150684) filed by the Trust on May 7, 2008. 

4.1 
 
 Depositary Trust Agreement dated as of August 
7, 2008 among Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC, The Bank of New York Mellon, all registered owners and beneficial owners of Singapore Dollar Shares issued thereunder and all depositors, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report
 on Form 10-K/A filed by the Trust on March 10, 2011. 

4.2 
 
 Global Amendment to Depositary Trust Agreements dated as of March 
6, 2012 between Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Trust on March 
12, 2012. 

4.3 
 
 Participant Agreement dated as of October 31, 2011 among Knight Execution 
 Clearing Services LLC, The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, and Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC (together with Schedule pursuant to Instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-K), incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Trust on January 14, 2014. 

4.4 
 
 Form of Participant Agreement among The Bank of New York Mellon, Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC, and the Authorized Participants listed
 in the Schedule attached thereto pursuant to Instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-K, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration
Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Trust on January 14, 2016. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

4.5 
 
 Global Amendment to Depositary Trust Agreements dated as of September 
5, 2017 between Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Trust on September 
11, 2017. 

4.6 
 
 Global Amendment to Participant Agreements dated as of September 
5, 2017 between Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Trust on September 
11, 2017. 

10.1 
 
 Deposit Account Agreement dated as of August 
7, 2008 between The Bank of New York Mellon and the London Branch of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed by the Trust on March 10,
 2011. 

10.2 
 
 Sublicense Agreement dated as of August 
28, 2008 between PADCO Advisors II, Inc. and Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed by the Trust on March 
10, 2011. 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust
 Financial Statements as of October 31, 2017 
 Index 

Page 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Report 

F-2 

Statements of Financial Condition at October 31, 2017 and October 
31, 2016 

F-3 

Statements of Comprehensive Income for the year ended October 31, 2017, the
year ended October 31, 2016 and the year ended October 31, 2015 

F-4 

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the year ended October 31,
 2017, the year ended October 31, 2016 and the year ended October 31, 2015 

F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended October 31, 2017, the year ended
 October 31, 2016 and the year ended October 31, 2015 

F-6 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

F-7 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and the Shareholders of CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust: 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of CurrencyShares Singapore
Dollar Trust (the Trust as of October 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related statements of comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years ended October 31, 2017. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Trust s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Trust s internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Trust s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust at October 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended October 31, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. /s/ Ernst Young LLP
 Tysons, VA January 11, 2018 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust
 Statements of Financial Condition 

October 31, 2017 

October 31, 2016 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Singapore Dollar deposits, interest bearing 

3,609,729 

3,542,992 

Singapore Dollar deposits, non-interest bearing 

Receivable from accrued interest 

1,467 

Total Current Assets 

3,611,196 

3,542,992 

Liabilities, Redeemable Capital Shares and Shareholders Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accrued Sponsor s fee 

1,226 

1,200 

Total Current Liabilities 

1,226 

1,200 

Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (note 9) 

Redeemable Capital Shares, at redemption value, no par value, 15,150,000 authorized 50,000
issued and outstanding 

3,609,970 

3,541,792 

Shareholders Equity: 

Retained Earnings 

Cumulative Translation Adjustment 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Capital Shares and Shareholders Equity 

3,611,196 

3,542,992 

See Notes to Financial Statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust
 Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Year ended October 31, 2017 

Year ended October 31, 2016 

Year ended October 31, 2015 

Income 

Interest Income 

5,899 

1,229 

1,772 

Total Income 

5,899 

1,229 

1,772 

Expenses 

Sponsor s fee 

(14,140) 

(14,334) 

(22,173) 

Total Expenses 

(14,140) 

(14,334) 

(22,173) 
 
 Net Loss 

(8,241) 

(13,105) 

(20,401) 

Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share 

(0.16) 

(0.26) 

(0.27) 
 
 Weighted-average Shares Outstanding 

50,000 

50,000 

75,342 

Cash Dividends per Share 

Other Comprehensive (Loss)/Income: 

Currency translation adjustment 

(84) 

(32) 

74 

Total Comprehensive Loss 

(8,325) 

(13,137) 

(20,327) 

See Notes to Financial Statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

Year ended October 31, 2017 

Year ended October 31, 2016 

Year ended October 31, 2015 

Retained Earnings, Beginning of Year 

Net Loss 

(8,241) 

(13,105) 

(20,401) 
 
 Adjustment of redeemable capital shares to redemption value 

8,241 

13,105 

20,401 

Retained Earnings, End of Year 

Cumulative Translation Adjustment, Beginning of Year 

Currency translation adjustment 

(84) 

(32) 

74 

Adjustment of redeemable capital shares to redemption value 

84 

32 

(74) 

Cumulative Translation Adjustment, End of Year 

See Notes to Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust Statements of Cash Flows

Year ended October 31, 2017 

Year ended October 31, 2016 

Year ended October 31, 2015 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Cash received for accrued income 

4,373 

1,552 

1,481 

Cash paid for expenses 

(14,135) 

(14,336) 

(23,307) 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(9,762) 

(12,784) 

(21,826) 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 

Cash paid to redeem redeemable shares 

(3,651,831) 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(3,651,831) 
 
 Adjustment to period cash flows due to currency movement 

76,499 

21,953 

(521,036) 

Increase/(Decrease) in cash 

66,737 

9,169 

(4,194,693) 
 
 Cash at beginning of year 

3,542,992 

3,533,823 

7,728,516 

Cash at end of year 

3,609,729 

3,542,992 

3,533,823 

Reconciliation of net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Net Loss 

(8,241) 

(13,105) 

(20,401) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Receivable from accrued interest 

(1,467) 

(297) 
 
 Prior period receivable from accrued interest 

297 

Currency translation adjustment 

(80) 

24 

297 

Accrued sponsor fee 

1,226 

1,200 

1,200 

Prior period accrued sponsor fee 

(1,200) 

(1,200) 

(2,625) 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(9,762) 

(12,784) 

(21,826) 

See Notes to Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust
 Notes to Financial Statements 

1. 
 Organization and Description of the Trust The CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust (the Trust was formed under the laws of the State of New York on August 7, 2008. On August 8, 2008, Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC d/b/a
 Guggenheim Investments (the Sponsor deposited 100 Singapore Dollars in the Trust s primary deposit account held by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch (the Depository ). The Sponsor is a Delaware limited
liability company whose sole member is Security Investors, LLC (also d/b/a Guggenheim Investments ). The Sponsor is responsible for, among other things, overseeing the performance of The Bank of New York Mellon (the Trustee and the Trust s principal service providers, including the preparation of financial statements. The Trustee is responsible for the day-to-day administration of the
Trust. The investment objective of the Trust is for the Trust s shares (the Shares to reflect the price in USD of the Singapore Dollar
plus accrued interest, if any, less the Trust s expenses and liabilities. The Shares are intended to provide investors with a simple, cost-effective means of gaining investment benefits similar to those of holding Singapore Dollar. The
Trust s assets primarily consist of Singapore Dollars on demand deposit in two deposit accounts maintained by the Depository: a primary deposit account which may earn interest and a secondary deposit account which does not earn interest. The
secondary deposit account is used to account for any interest that may be received and paid out on creations and redemptions of blocks of 50,000 Shares Baskets ). The secondary account is also used to account for interest earned, if any,
on the primary deposit account, pay Trust expenses and distribute any excess interest to holders of Shares Shareholders on a monthly basis. 
 The accompanying audited financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

2. 
 Significant Accounting Policies 

A. 
 Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of the assets, liabilities and disclosures of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period and the evaluation of subsequent events through the issuance date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

B. 
 Foreign Currency Translation The Trustee calculates the Trust s net asset value NAV each business day, as described in Note 4. For NAV calculation purposes, Singapore Dollar deposits (cash) are translated at the Closing Spot Rate, which is the USD/Singapore Dollar exchange rate as determined by The WM Company at 4:00 PM (London
time / London fixing) on each day that NYSE Arca is open for regular trading. The functional currency of the Trust is the Singapore Dollar in accordance
with generally accepted accounting standards. For financial statement reporting purposes, the U.S. Dollar is the reporting currency. As a result, the financial records of the Trust are translated from Singapore Dollar to USD. The Closing Spot
Rate on the last day of the period is used for translation in the statements of financial condition. The average Closing Spot Rate for the period is used for translation in the statements of comprehensive income and the statements of cash flows. Any
currency translation adjustment is included in comprehensive income. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

C. 
 Federal Income Taxes The Trust is treated as a grantor trust for federal income tax
purposes and, therefore, no provision for federal income taxes is required. Interest, gains and losses are passed through to the Shareholders. 
 Shareholders generally will be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as if they directly owned a pro-rata 
share of the assets held in the Trust. Shareholders also will be treated as if they directly received their respective pro-rata portion of the Trust s income, if any, and as if they directly incurred
their respective pro-rata portion of the Trust s expenses. The acquisition of Shares by a U.S. Shareholder as part of a creation of a Basket will not be a taxable event to the Shareholder. 
 The Sponsor s fee accrues daily and is payable monthly. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, an accrual-basis U.S. Shareholder generally will be
required to take into account as an expense its allocable portion of the USD-equivalent of the amount of the Sponsor s fee that is accrued on each day, with such
 USD-equivalent being determined by the currency exchange rate that is in effect on the respective day. To the extent that the currency exchange rate on the date of payment of the accrued amount of the
Sponsor s fee differs from the currency exchange rate in effect on the day of accrual, the U.S. Shareholder will recognize a currency gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 The Trust does not expect to generate taxable income except for interest income (if any) and gain (if any) upon the sale of Singapore Dollar. A non-U.S. Shareholder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to gain recognized upon the sale or other disposition of Shares, or upon the sale of Singapore Dollar by the Trust, unless:
(1) the non-U.S. Shareholder is an individual and is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year of the sale or other disposition, and the gain is treated as being from
United States sources; or (2) the gain is effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. Shareholder of a trade or business in the United States. 
 A non-U.S. Shareholder s portion of any interest income earned by the Trust generally will not be subject to U.S.
federal income tax unless the Shares owned by such non-U.S. Shareholder are effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. Shareholder of a trade or business in
the United States. 

D. 
 Revenue Recognition Interest on the primary deposit account, if any, accrues daily as earned and is
received or paid on a monthly basis. Any interest below zero for the period is reflected as interest expense. 

E. 
 Dividends To the extent that the interest earned by the Trust, if any, exceeds the sum of the
Sponsor s fee for the prior month plus other Trust expenses, if any, the Trust will distribute, as a dividend (herein referred to as dividends or distributions), the excess interest earned in Singapore Dollar effective on the first business day
of the subsequent month. The Trustee will direct that the excess Singapore Dollar be converted into USD at the prevailing market rate and the Trustee will distribute the USD as promptly as practicable to Shareholders on a pro-rata basis (in accordance with the number of Shares that they own). An income distribution of 0.00480 per share with an ex-dividend date of November 1, 2017 was paid
November 8, 2017. 

3. 
 Singapore Dollar Deposits Singapore Dollar principal deposits are held in a Singapore
Dollar-denominated, interest-bearing demand account. For the year ended October 31, 2017, there were no Singapore Dollar principal deposits, no Singapore Dollar principal redemptions and Singapore Dollar withdrawals (to pay expenses) of 13,596,
resulting in an ending Singapore Dollar principal balance of 4,917,895. This equates to 3,609,729 USD. For the year ended October 31, 2016, there were no Singapore Dollar principal deposits, no Singapore Dollar principal redemptions and
Singapore Dollar withdrawals (to pay expenses) of 17,629, resulting in an ending Singapore Dollar principal balance of 4,931,491. This equates to 3,542,992 USD. For the year ended October 31, 2015, there were no Singapore Dollar principal
deposits, Singapore Dollar principal redemptions of 4,956,265 and Singapore Dollar withdrawals (to pay expenses) of 29,622, resulting in an ending Singapore Dollar principal balance of 4,949,120. This equates to 3,533,823 USD. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 Net interest, if any, associated with creation and redemption activity is held in a Singapore Dollar-denominated non-interest-bearing account, and any balance is distributed in full as part of the monthly income distributions, if any. 

4. 
 Redeemable Capital Shares Shares are classified as redeemable for financial statement
purposes, since they are subject to redemption. Shares are issued and redeemed continuously in Baskets in exchange for Singapore Dollar. Individual investors cannot purchase or redeem Shares in direct transactions with the Trust. Only Authorized
Participants (as defined below) may place orders to create and redeem Baskets. An Authorized Participant is a Depository Trust Company DTC participant that is a registered broker-dealer or other institution eligible to settle
securities transactions through the book-entry facilities of the DTC and which has entered into a contractual arrangement with the Trust and the Sponsor governing, among other matters, the creation and redemption process. Authorized Participants may
redeem their Shares at any time in Baskets. Due to expected continuing creations and redemptions of Baskets and the
 two-day period for settlement of each creation or redemption, the Trust reflects Shares created as a receivable on the trade date. Shares redeemed are reflected as a liability on the trade date. Outstanding
Shares are reflected at a redemption value, which is the NAV per Share at the period end date. Adjustments to redeemable capital Shares at redemption value are recorded against retained earnings or, in the absence of retained earnings, by charges
against the cumulative translation adjustment. Activity in redeemable capital Shares is as follows: 

Year ended 

Year ended 

Year ended 

October 31, 2017 

October 31, 2016 

October 31, 2015 

U.S. Dollar 

U.S. Dollar 

U.S. Dollar 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Opening Balance 

50,000 

3,541,792 

50,000 

3,532,920 

100,000 

7,725,891 

Shares Issued 

Shares Redeemed 

(50,000) 

(3,651,831) 
 
 Adjustment to period Shares due to currency movement and other 

68,178 

8,872 

(541,140) 

Ending Balance 

50,000 

3,609,970 

50,000 

3,541,792 

50,000 

3,532,920 

The Trustee calculates the Trust s NAV each business day. To calculate the NAV, the Trustee subtracts the Sponsor s
accrued fee through the previous day from the Singapore Dollar held by the Trust (including all unpaid interest, if any, accrued through the preceding day) and calculates the value of the Singapore Dollar in USD based upon the Closing Spot Rate. If,
on a particular evaluation day, the Closing Spot Rate has not been determined and announced by 6:00 PM (London time), then the most recent Closing Spot Rate will be used to determine the NAV of the Trust unless the Trustee, in consultation with the
Sponsor, determines that such price is inappropriate to use as the basis for the valuation. If the Trustee and the Sponsor determine that the most recent Closing Spot Rate is not an appropriate basis for valuation of the Trust s Singapore
Dollar, they will determine an alternative basis for the valuation. The Trustee also determines the NAV per Share, which equals the NAV of the Trust, divided by the number of outstanding Shares. Shares deliverable under a purchase order are
considered outstanding for purposes of determining NAV per Share; Shares deliverable under a redemption order are not considered outstanding for this purpose. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

5. 
 Selected Quarterly Information (Unaudited) Fiscal Period Ended October 31, 2017: 

Three months ended 

Three months ended 

Three months ended 

Three months ended 

October 31, 2017 

July 31, 2017 

April 30, 2017 

January 31, 2017 

Income 

Interest Income 

3,192 

2,126 

511 

70 

Total Income 

3,192 

2,126 

511 

70 

Expenses 

Sponsor s fee 

(3,655) 

(3,587) 

(3,415) 

(3,483) 

Total Expenses 

(3,655) 

(3,587) 

(3,415) 

(3,483) 
 
 Net Loss 

(463) 

(1,461) 

(2,904) 

(3,413) 

Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share 

(0.01) 

(0.03) 

(0.06) 

(0.07) 
 
 Weighted-average Shares Outstanding 

50,000 

50,000 

50,000 

50,000 

Cash Dividends per Share 

Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss): 

Currency translation adjustment 

2 

(27) 

(17) 

(42) 

Total Comprehensive Loss 

(461) 

(1,488) 

(2,921) 

(3,455) 

Fiscal Period Ended October 31, 2016: 

Three months ended 

Three months ended 

Three months ended 

Three months ended 

October 31, 2016 

July 31, 2016 

April 30, 2016 

January 31, 2016 

Income 

Interest Income 

172 

209 

848 

Total Income 

172 

209 

848 

Expenses 

Sponsor s fee 

(3,637) 

(3,656) 

(3,534) 

(3,507) 

Total Expenses 

(3,637) 

(3,656) 

(3,534) 

(3,507) 
 
 Net Loss 

(3,637) 

(3,484) 

(3,325) 

(2,659) 

Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share 

(0.07) 

(0.07) 

(0.07) 

(0.05) 
 
 Weighted-average Shares Outstanding 

50,000 

50,000 

50,000 

50,000 

Cash Dividends per Share 

Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss): 

Currency translation adjustment 

74 

(38) 

(78) 

10 

Total Comprehensive Loss 

(3,563) 

(3,522) 

(3,403) 

(2,649) 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

6. 
 Sponsor s Fee The Sponsor s fee accrues daily at an annual nominal rate of 0.40 of the
Singapore Dollars in the Trust (including all unpaid interest but excluding unpaid fees, each as accrued through the immediately preceding day) and is paid monthly. 
 The Sponsor assumes and pays the following administrative and marketing expenses incurred by the Trust: the Trustee s monthly fee, NYSE Arca listing
fees, SEC registration fees, typical maintenance and transaction fees of the Depository, printing and mailing costs, audit fees and expenses, up to 100,000 per year in legal fees and expenses, and applicable license fees. 
 In certain exceptional cases the Trust will pay for some expenses in addition to the Sponsor s fee. These exceptions include expenses not assumed by the
Sponsor (i.e., expenses other than those identified in the preceding paragraph), expenses resulting from a negative interest rate, taxes and governmental charges, expenses and costs of any extraordinary services performed by the Trustee or the
Sponsor on behalf of the Trust or action taken by the Trustee or the Sponsor to protect the Trust or the interests of Shareholders, indemnification of the Sponsor under the Depositary Trust Agreement, audit fees and legal expenses in excess of
 100,000 per year. 

7. 
 Related Parties The Sponsor is a related party of the Trust. The Sponsor oversees the performance of
the Trustee and the Trust s principal service providers, including the preparation of financial statements, but does not exercise day-to-day oversight over the
Trustee or the Trust s service providers. 

8. 
 Concentration Risk All of the Trust s assets are Singapore Dollars, which creates a concentration
risk associated with fluctuations in the price of the Singapore Dollar. Accordingly, a decline in the Singapore Dollar to USD exchange rate will have an adverse effect on the value of the Shares. Factors that may have the effect of causing a decline
in the price of the Singapore Dollar include national debt levels and trade deficits, domestic and foreign inflation rates, domestic and foreign interest rates, investment and trading activities of institutions and global or regional political,
economic or financial events and situations. Substantial sales of Singapore Dollars by the official sector (central banks, other governmental agencies and related institutions that buy, sell and hold Singapore Dollars as part of their reserve
assets) could adversely affect an investment in the Shares. All of the Trust s Singapore Dollars are held by the Depository. Accordingly, a
risk associated with the concentration of the Trust s assets in accounts held by a single financial institution exists and increases the potential for loss by the Trust and the Trust s beneficiaries in the event that the Depository becomes
insolvent. 

9. 
 Commitments and Contingencies Under the Trust s organizational documents, the Sponsor is
indemnified against any liability or expense it incurs without negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on its part. The Trust s maximum exposure under this arrangement is unknown, as this would involve future claims that may be made against
the Trust that have not yet occurred. 

10. 
 Subsequent Event On September 28, 2017, Guggenheim Capital LLC entered into an agreement to sell
its exchange-traded funds business to Invesco Ltd. Invesco ), a leading independent global investment management company (the Transaction ). In connection with the Transaction, Invesco will acquire 100 of the issued and
outstanding membership interests of Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC, the sponsor of the Trust. The Transaction is expected to close late in the second quarter of 2018. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CURRENCYSHARES 
 
 SINGAPORE DOLLAR TRUST 

By 
 
 Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC 

Sponsor of the CurrencyShares 

Singapore Dollar Trust 

By: 
 
 / S / J OHN S ULLIVAN 
 
 John Sullivan 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: January 11, 2018 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/ S / J OHN S ULLIVAN 
 John Sullivan 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer (principal
executive officer) 
 
 January 11, 2018 

/ S / K EITH D. K EMP 
 Keith D. Kemp 
 
 Director and Chief Financial Officer (principal
financial officer and principal accounting officer) 
 
 January 11, 2018 

/ S / M ICHAEL B YRUM 
 Michael Byrum 
 
 Director 
 
 January 11, 2018 

The registrant is a trust and the persons are signing in their capacities as officers or directors of Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC, the Sponsor of the registrant. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d447065dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(A) 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, John
Sullivan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
October 31, 2017 of CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust; 2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4.
The other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves persons who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. Date: January 11, 2018 

/ S / J OHN S ULLIVAN 
 
 John Sullivan 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d447065dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(A) 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I,
Keith D. Kemp, certify that: 1. I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
October 31, 2017 of CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust; 2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4.
The other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves persons who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. Date: January 11, 2018 

/ S / K EITH D. K EMP 
 
 Keith D. Kemp 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d447065dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In
connection with the Annual Report of CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust (the Trust on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
October 31, 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John Sullivan, Chief Executive Officer of Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC, the Sponsor of the Trust, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Trust. Date: January 11, 2018 

/ S / J OHN S ULLIVAN 
 
 John Sullivan 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

The Registrant is a trust and John Sullivan is signing in his capacity as the principal executive officer of Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC, the Sponsor of the
Registrant. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d447065dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In
connection with the Annual Report of CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust (the Trust on Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended
October 31, 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Keith D. Kemp, Chief Financial Officer of Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC, the Sponsor of the Trust, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Trust. Date: January 11, 2018 

/ S / K EITH D. K EMP 
 
 Keith D. Kemp 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (principal financial officer) 

The Registrant is a trust and Keith D. Kemp is signing in his capacity as the principal financial officer of Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC, the Sponsor of the
Registrant. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fxsg-20171031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fxsg-20171031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fxsg-20171031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fxsg-20171031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fxsg-20171031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fxsg-20171031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

