<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20180523_10-K_edgar_data_1021162_0001021162-18-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21248905</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>478805</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1097222</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11384176</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5030407</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2281410</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001021162-18-000018.hdr.sgml : 20180523
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20180522210055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001021162-18-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		128
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20180331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180523
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180522

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRIUMPH GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001021162
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT & PARTS [3720]
		IRS NUMBER:				510347963
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12235
		FILM NUMBER:		18853835

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		899 CASSATT ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			BERWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19312
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(610) 251-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		899 CASSATT ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			BERWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19312

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRIUMPH GROUP INC /
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960819

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001021162-18-000018.txt : 20180523

10-K
 1
 tgi-2018331x10k.htm
 10-K-MAR312018

Document 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 10-K 
 (Mark One) 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 
 or 
 o 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 

Commission File No. 1-12235 
 Triumph Group, Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 Delaware 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 51-0347963 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
 899 Cassatt Road, Suite 210, Berwyn, Pennsylvania 19312 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (610) 251-1000 

____________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Common Stock, par value .001 per share 
 (Title of each class) 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 (Name of each exchange on which registered) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes o No x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (Check one) 
 Large accelerated filer x 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting company o 
 Emerging growth company o 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Yes o No x 
 As of September 30, 2017 , the aggregate market value of the shares of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately 1,455 million . Such aggregate market value was computed by reference to the closing price of the Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on September 30, 2017 . For purposes of making this calculation only, the Registrant has defined affiliates as including all directors and executive officers. 
 The number of outstanding shares of the Registrant's Common Stock, par value .001 per share, on May 21, 2018 was 49,719,481 . 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 Portions of the following document are incorporated herein by reference: 
 The Proxy Statement of Triumph Group, Inc. to be filed in connection with our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated in part in Part III hereof, as specified herein. 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item No. 
 
 Page 
 PART I 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 General 
 3 
 
 Products and Services 
 3 
 
 Proprietary Rights 
 5 
 
 Raw Materials and Replacement Parts 
 5 
 
 Sales, Marketing and Engineering 
 5 
 
 Backlog 
 5 
 
 Dependence on Significant Customers 
 6 
 
 United States and International Operations 
 6 
 
 Competition 
 6 
 
 Government Regulation and Industry Oversight 
 6 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 7 
 
 Employees 
 7 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 8 
 
 Executive Officers 
 8 
 
 Available Information 
 9 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 18 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 19 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 

PART II 
 20 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 22 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 54 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 112 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 112 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 115 

PART III 
 115 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 115 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 115 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 115 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 115 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 115 

PART IV 
 116 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 116 

2 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 relating to our future operations and prospects, including statements that are based on current projections and expectations about the markets in which we operate, and management's beliefs concerning future performance and capital requirements based upon current available information. Actual results could differ materially from management's current expectations. Additional capital may be required and, if so, may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all, at the times and in the amounts we need. In addition to these factors and others described elsewhere in this report, other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include competitive and cyclical factors relating to the aerospace industry, dependence of some of our businesses on key customers, requirements of capital, product liabilities in excess of insurance, uncertainties relating to the integration of acquired businesses, general economic conditions affecting our business segment, technological developments, limited availability of raw materials or skilled personnel, changes in governmental regulation and oversight, and international hostilities and terrorism. For a more detailed discussion of these and other factors affecting us, see the Risk Factors described in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not undertake any obligation to revise these forward-looking statements to reflect future events. 
 
 General 
 Triumph Group, Inc. ("Triumph", the "Company", "we", "us", or "our") was incorporated in 1993 in Delaware. Our companies design, engineer, manufacture, repair, overhaul and distribute a broad portfolio of aerostructures, aircraft components, accessories, subassemblies and systems. We serve a broad, worldwide spectrum of the aviation industry, including original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, of commercial, regional, business and military aircraft and aircraft components, as well as commercial and regional airlines and air cargo carriers. 

Products and Services 
 Effective January 1, 2018, the Company combined its Aerospace Structures and Precision Components reporting segments into one reporting segment, Aerospace Structures. Aerospace Structures and Precision Components share many of the same customers and suppliers and have substantial inter-company work on common programs. As a single operating segment, the Company believes it will be able to leverage its combined resources to make it more cost competitive and to enhance performance. The newly formed operating segment is also a reportable segment. As a result, effective January 1, 2018, the Company has three reporting segments for financial reporting purposes - Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures, and Product Support. 
 We offer a variety of products and services to the aerospace industry through three operating segments: (i) Triumph Integrated Systems, whose companies revenues are derived from the design, development and support of proprietary components, subsystems and systems, as well as production of complex assemblies using external designs; (ii) Triumph Aerospace Structures, whose companies supply commercial, business, regional and military manufacturers with large metallic and composite structures and produce close-tolerance parts primarily to customer designs and model-based definition, including a wide range of aluminum, hard metal and composite structure capabilities; and (iii) Triumph Product Support, whose companies provide full life cycle solutions for commercial, regional and military aircraft. 
 Integrated Systems' capabilities include hydraulic, mechanical and electro-mechanical actuation, power and control; a complete suite of aerospace gearbox solutions, including engine accessory gearboxes and helicopter transmissions; active and passive heat exchange technology; fuel pumps, fuel metering units and Full Authority Digital Electronic Control fuel systems; hydro-mechanical and electromechanical primary and secondary flight controls; and a broad spectrum of surface treatment options. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

The products that companies within this group design, engineer, build and repair include: 
 Aircraft and engine-mounted accessory drives 
 Thermal control systems and components 
 Cargo hooks 
 High lift actuation 
 Cockpit control levers 
 Hydraulic systems and components 
 Control system valve bodies 
 Landing gear actuation systems 
 Electronic engine controls 
 Landing gear components and assemblies 
 Exhaust nozzles and ducting 
 Main engine gear box assemblies 
 Geared transmissions and drive train components 
 Main fuel pumps 
 Fuel-metering units 
 Secondary flight control systems 
 Vibration absorbers 

Aerospace Structures' products include wings, wing boxes, fuselage panels, horizontal and vertical tails, and sub-assemblies such as floor grids. Aerospace Structures also has the capability to engineer detailed structural designs in metal and composites. Aerospace Structures capabilities also include complex machining, gear manufacturing, sheet metal fabrication, forming, advanced composite and interior structures, joining processes such as welding, autoclave bonding and conventional mechanical fasteners and a variety of special processes, including super plastic titanium forming, aluminum and titanium chemical milling and surface treatments. 
 The products that companies within this group design, manufacture, build and repair include: 
 Aircraft wings 
 Flight control surfaces 
 Composite and metal bonding 
 Helicopter cabins 
 Engine nacelles 
 Precision machined parts 
 Comprehensive processing services 
 Stretch-formed leading edges and fuselage skins 
 Empennages 
 Wing spars and stringers 
 Acoustic and thermal insulation systems 
 Flight control surfaces 
 Composite and metal bonding 
 Helicopter cabins 
 Composite ducts and floor panels 
 Wing spars and stringers 

Product Support's extensive product and service offerings include full post-delivery value chain services that simplify the MRO supply chain. Through its line maintenance, component MRO and postproduction supply chain activities, Product Support is positioned to provide integrated planeside repair solutions globally. Capabilities include fuel tank repair, metallic and composite aircraft structures, nacelles, thrust reversers, interiors, auxiliary power units and a wide variety of pneumatic, hydraulic, fuel and mechanical accessories. Companies in Product Support repair and overhaul various components for the aviation industry including: 
 Air cycle machines 
 Blades and vanes 
 APUs 
 Cabin panes, shades, light lenses and other components 
 Constant speed drives 
 Combustors 
 Engine and airframe accessories 
 Stators 
 Flight control surfaces 
 Transition ducts 
 Integrated drive generators 
 Sidewalls 
 Nacelles 
 Light assemblies 
 Remote sensors 
 Overhead bins 
 Thrust reversers 
 Fuel bladder cells 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Certain financial information about our three segments is set forth in Note 2 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." 
 
 Proprietary Rights 
 We benefit from our proprietary rights relating to designs, engineering and manufacturing processes, and repair and overhaul procedures. For some products, our unique manufacturing capabilities are required by the customer's specifications or designs, thereby necessitating reliance on us for the production of such specially designed products. 
 We view our name and trademark as significant to our business as a whole. Our products are protected by a portfolio of patents, trademarks, licenses or other forms of intellectual property that expire at various dates in the future. We continually develop and acquire new intellectual property and consider all of our intellectual property to be valuable. However, based on the broad scope of our product lines, management believes that the loss or expiration of any single intellectual property right would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, our financial position or our business segments. Our policy is to file applications and obtain patents for our new products as appropriate, including product modifications and improvements. While patents generally expire 20 years after the patent application filing date, new patents are issued to us on a regular basis. 
 In our overhaul and repair businesses, OEMs of equipment that we maintain for our customers often include language in repair manuals that relate to their equipment, asserting broad claims of proprietary rights to the contents of the manuals used in our operations. There can be no assurance that OEMs will not try to enforce such claims, including the possible use of legal proceedings. In the event of such legal proceedings, there can be no assurance that such actions against the Company will be unsuccessful. However, we believe that our use of manufacture and repair manuals is lawful. 
 
 Raw Materials and Replacement Parts 
 We purchase raw materials, primarily consisting of extrusions, forgings, castings, aluminum and titanium sheets and shapes and stainless steel alloys, from various vendors. We also purchase replacement parts, which are utilized in our various repair and overhaul operations. We believe that the availability of raw materials to us is adequate to support our operations. 
 
 Sales, Marketing and Engineering 
 While each of our operating companies maintains responsibility for selling and marketing its specific products, we have developed two marketing teams at the group level who are focused on cross-selling our broad capabilities. One team supports Integrated Systems and Aerospace Structures and the other team supports Product Support. These teams are responsible for selling systems, integrated assemblies and repair and overhaul services, reaching across our operating companies, to our OEM, military, airline and air cargo customers. In certain limited cases, we use independent, commission-based representatives to serve our customers' changing needs and the current trends in some of the markets and geographic regions in which we operate. 
 The two group-level marketing teams operate as the front-end of the selling process, establishing or maintaining relationships, identifying opportunities to leverage our brand, and providing service for our customers. Each individual operating company is responsible for its own technical support, pricing, manufacturing and product support. Also, within the Product Support, we have created a group engineering function to provide integrated solutions to meet our customer needs by designing systems that integrate the capabilities of our companies. Also, we are increasingly meeting our customers' needs by designing systems that integrate the extended capabilities of our companies. 
 A significant portion of our government and defense contracts are awarded on a competitive bidding basis. We generally do not bid or act as the primary contractor, but will typically bid and act as a subcontractor on contracts on a fixed-price basis. We generally sell to our other customers on a fixed-price, negotiated contract or purchase order basis. 
 
 Backlog 
 We have a number of long-term agreements with several of our customers. These agreements generally describe the terms under which the customer may issue purchase orders to buy our products and services during the term of the agreement. These terms typically include a list of the products or repair services customers may purchase, initial pricing, anticipated quantities and, to the extent known, delivery dates. In tracking and reporting our backlog, however, we only include amounts for which we have actual purchase orders with firm delivery dates or contract requirements generally within the next 24 months, which primarily relate to sales to our OEM customer base. Purchase orders issued by our aftermarket customers are usually completed within a short period of time. As a result, our backlog data relates primarily to the OEM customers. The backlog information set forth below does not include the sales that we expect to generate from long-term agreements for which we do not have actual purchase orders with firm delivery dates. 
 
 5 

 Table of Contents 

As of March 31, 2018 , we had outstanding purchase orders representing an aggregate invoice price of approximately 4.50 billion , of which 1.34 billion , 3.13 billion and 27 million relate to Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures and Product Support, respectively. As of March 31, 2017 , our continuing operations had outstanding purchase orders representing an aggregate invoice price of approximately 3.98 billion , of which 1.08 billion , 2.86 billion and 33 million related to Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures and Product Support, respectively. Of the existing backlog of 4.50 billion , approximately 1.85 billion will not be shipped by March 31, 2019 . 
 
 Dependence on Significant Customers 
 For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , the Boeing Company ("Boeing") represented approximately 31 , 35 and 38 , respectively, of our net sales, covering virtually every Boeing plant and product. 
 For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation ("Gulfstream") represented approximately 13 , 12 and 12 , respectively, of our net sales, covering several of Gulfstream's products. 
 A significant reduction in sales to Boeing and/or Gulfstream would have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 United States and International Operations 
 Our revenues from customers in the United States for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , were approximately 2,440 million , 2,764 million and 3,088 million , respectively. Our revenues from customers in all other countries for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , were approximately 759 million , 769 million and 798 million , respectively. 
 As of March 31, 2018 and 2017 , our long-lived assets located in the United States were approximately 1,661 million and 2,326 million , respectively. As of March 31, 2018 and 2017 , our long-lived assets located in all other countries were approximately 223 million and 315 million , respectively. 
 
 Competition 
 We compete primarily with Tier 1 and Tier 2 aerostructures manufacturers, systems suppliers and component manufacturers, some of which are divisions or subsidiaries of other large companies, in the manufacture of aircraft structures, systems components, subassemblies and detail parts. OEMs are increasingly focusing on assembly and integration activities while outsourcing more manufacturing and, therefore, are less of a competitive force than in previous years. 
 Competition for the repair and overhaul of aviation components comes from four primary sources, some of whom possess greater financial and other resources than we have: OEMs, major commercial airlines, government support depots, and other independent repair and overhaul companies. Some major commercial airlines continue to own and operate their own service centers, while others have begun to sell or outsource their repair and overhaul services to other aircraft operators or third parties. Large domestic and foreign airlines that provide repair and overhaul services typically provide these services not only for their own aircraft but for other airlines as well. OEMs also maintain service centers which provide repair and overhaul services for the components they manufacture. Many governments maintain aircraft support depots in their military organizations that maintain and repair the aircraft they operate. Other independent service organizations also compete for the repair and overhaul business of other users of aircraft components. 
 Participants in the aerospace industry compete primarily on the basis of breadth of technical capabilities, quality, turnaround time, capacity and price. 
 
 Government Regulation and Industry Oversight 
 The aerospace industry is highly regulated in the United States by the FAA and in other countries by similar agencies. We must be certified by the FAA and, in some cases, by individual OEMs, in order to engineer and service parts and components used in specific aircraft models. If material authorizations or approvals were revoked or suspended, our operations would be adversely affected. New and more stringent government regulations may be adopted, or industry oversight heightened, in the future and these new regulations, if enacted, or any industry oversight, if heightened, may have an adverse impact on us. 
 We must also satisfy the requirements of our customers, including OEMs, that are subject to FAA regulations, and provide these customers with products and repair services that comply with the government regulations applicable to aircraft components used in commercial flight operations. The FAA regulates commercial flight operations and requires that aircraft components meet its stringent standards. In addition, the FAA requires that various maintenance routines be performed on aircraft components, and we currently satisfy these maintenance standards in our repair and overhaul services. Several of our operating locations are FAA-approved repair stations. 
 Generally, the FAA only grants licenses for the manufacture or repair of a specific aircraft component, rather than the broader licenses that have been granted in the past. The FAA licensing process may be costly and time-consuming. In order to 
 
 6 

 Table of Contents 

obtain an FAA license, an applicant must satisfy all applicable regulations of the FAA governing repair stations. These regulations require that an applicant have experienced personnel, inspection systems, suitable facilities and equipment. In addition, the applicant must demonstrate a need for the license. Because an applicant must procure manufacturing and repair manuals from third parties relating to each particular aircraft component in order to obtain a license with respect to that component, the application process may involve substantial cost. 
 The license approval processes for the European Aviation Safety Agency ("EASA"), which regulates this industry in the European Union; the Civil Aviation Administration of China; and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities are similarly stringent, involving potentially lengthy audits. EASA was formed in 2002 and is handling most of the responsibilities of the national aviation authorities in Europe, such as the United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority. 
 Our operations are also subject to a variety of worker and community safety laws. For example, the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, or OSHA, mandates general requirements for safe workplaces for all employees in the United States. In addition, OSHA provides special procedures and measures for the handling of hazardous and toxic substances. Specific safety standards have been promulgated for workplaces engaged in the treatment, disposal or storage of hazardous waste. We believe that our operations are in material compliance with OSHA's health and safety requirements. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 Our business, operations and facilities are subject to numerous stringent federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulation by government agencies, including the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA"). Among other matters, these regulatory authorities impose requirements that regulate the emission, discharge, generation, management, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials, pollutants and contaminants, govern public and private response actions to hazardous or regulated substances which may be or have been released to the environment, and require us to obtain and maintain licenses and permits in connection with our operations. This extensive regulatory framework imposes significant compliance burdens and risks on us. Although management believes that our operations and our facilities are in material compliance with such laws and regulations, future changes in these laws, regulations or interpretations thereof or the nature of our operations or regulatory enforcement actions which may arise, may require us to make significant additional capital expenditures to ensure compliance in the future. 
 Certain of our facilities, including facilities acquired and operated by us or one of our subsidiaries have at one time or another been under active investigation for environmental contamination by federal or state agencies when acquired, and at least in some cases, continue to be under investigation or subject to remediation for potential environmental contamination. We are frequently indemnified by prior owners or operators and/or present owners of the facilities for liabilities which we incur as a result of these investigations and the environmental contamination found which pre-dates our acquisition of these facilities, subject to certain limitations. We also maintain a pollution liability policy that provides coverage for certain material liabilities associated with the clean-up of on-site pollution conditions, as well as defense and indemnity for certain third-party suits (including Superfund liabilities at third-party sites), in each case, to the extent not otherwise indemnified. This policy applies to all of our manufacturing and assembly operations worldwide. Also, as we proceed with our plans to exit certain facilities as part of restructuring and related initiatives, the need for remediation for potential environmental contamination could be identified. If we are required to pay the expenses related to environmental liabilities because neither indemnification nor insurance coverage is available, these expenses could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Employees 
 As of March 31, 2018 , we employed 13,554 persons, of whom 3,446 were management employees, 93 were sales and marketing personnel, 747 were technical personnel, 607 were administrative personnel and 8,661 were production workers. Our segments were composed of the following employees: Integrated Systems - 2,803 persons, Aerospace Structures - 9,515 persons, Product Support - 1,062 persons, and Corporate - 174 persons. 
 Several of our subsidiaries are parties to collective bargaining agreements with labor unions. Under those agreements, we currently employ approximately 2,293 full-time employees. Currently, approximately 17 of our permanent employees are represented by labor unions and approximately 49 of net sales are derived from the facilities at which at least some employees are unionized. Of the 2,293 employees represented by unions, no employees are working under contracts that have expired or will expire within one year. 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, we settled a strike and agreed to a new collective bargaining agreement with our union employees with IAM District 751 at our Spokane, Washington facility which had expired during the quarter, resulting in a charge of 15.7 million due to disruption costs. 
 
 7 

 Table of Contents 

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Company ratified a collective bargaining agreement with its union employees with United Autoworkers of America and its Local Union 848 at its Red Oak, Texas facility. 
 Subsequent to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Company ratified a collective bargaining agreement with its union employees with United Autoworkers of America and its Local Union 952 at its Tulsa, Oklahoma facility. 
 Our inability to negotiate an acceptable contract with any of these labor unions could result in strikes by the affected workers and increased operating costs as a result of higher wages or benefits paid to union members. If the unionized workers were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage, or other employees were to become unionized, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations and higher ongoing labor costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Certain information about our research and development expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , is available in Note 2 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." 

Executive Officers 
 Our current executive officers are: 

Name 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 Daniel J. Crowley 
 55 

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 James F. McCabe, Jr. 
 55 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 John B. Wright, II 
 64 

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 Lance R. Turner 
 47 

Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 
 Thomas A. Quigley, III 
 41 

Vice President and Controller 
 Thomas K. Holzthum 
 61 

Executive Vice President, Integrated Systems 
 Peter K.A. Wick 
 47 

Executive Vice President, Aerospace Structures 
 Michael R. Abram 
 65 

Executive Vice President, Product Support 

Daniel J. Crowley was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company on January 4, 2016. Previously, Mr. Crowley served as President of two Raytheon Company business areas from 2010 through 2015. Prior to Raytheon, Mr. Crowley served as Chief Operating Officer of Lockheed Martin Aeronautics after holding a series of increasingly responsible assignments across its space, electronics, and aeronautics sectors. 
 James F. McCabe, Jr. has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2016. He joined Triumph from Steel Partners Holdings where he last served as Senior Vice President and CFO, President, Shared Services, and SVP and CFO of its affiliates Handy Harman and Steel Excel. Prior to joining Steel Partners Holdings, McCabe served as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer of American Water s Northeast Region, and President and CFO of Teleflex Aerospace, which served the global aviation industry. He is a certified public accountant and Six Sigma Green Belt, and served as a member of the Board of Governors and the Civil Aviation Council Executive Committee for the Aerospace Industries Association. 
 John B. Wright, II has been a Senior Vice President and our General Counsel and Secretary since April 2016, having served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from 2004 until April 2016. From 2001 until he joined us, Mr. Wright was a partner with the law firm of Ballard Spahr LLP, where he practiced corporate and securities law. 
 Lance R. Turner was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in September 2017. From 2013 until 2017, Mr. Turner served as Vice President of Human Resources for CenturyLink, Inc. and Senior Director of Human Resources for Honeywell from 2000 until 2013. 
 Thomas A. Quigley, III has been our Vice President and Controller since November 2012, and serves as the Company's principal accounting officer. Mr. Quigley has served as the Company's SEC Reporting Manager since January 2009. From June 2002 until joining Triumph in 2009, Mr. Quigley held various roles within the audit practice of KPMG LLP, including Senior Audit Manager. 
 Thomas K. Holzthum was appointed Executive Vice President, Integrated Systems in April 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Holzthum served as Corporate Vice President-Systems beginning in October 2013 with responsibility for eight Triumph Group companies in Integrated Systems. Mr. Holzthum previously served as President of Triumph Actuation Systems-Connecticut 
 
 8 

 Table of Contents 

from 2001 to 2013. Mr. Holtzhum joined Triumph in 1998 with the acquisition of Frisby Aerospace, where he held the position of Group Director, Hydraulics. 
 Peter K.A. Wick was appointed Executive Vice President, Aerospace Structures in December 2017. He previously served as Executive Vice President, Triumph Precision Components and, prior to that, served as Vice President, Contracts for Triumph Group overseeing all contract-related activities and lead negotiations for major contracts with a primary focus on supply contracts to OEM customers. Prior to joining Triumph in October 2016, Mr. Wick spent eight years with GKN Aerospace holding a range of leadership positions, the last of which was VP Commercial for their North American business. Mr. Wick has in excess of 25 years of experience working in the aerospace industry across the commercial and military aviation, space and avionics sectors. 
 Michael R. Abram was appointed Executive Vice President, Product Support in April 2016. Since joining Triumph in 2003 as Vice President of Operations for Triumph Airborne Structures, Mr. Abram has served as Vice President of Triumph Product Support, North America and, most recently, Vice President-Aftermarket Services Group, where he was responsible for the company s maintenance, repair and overhaul ("MRO") activities supporting commercial, regional, business and military aircraft worldwide. Before joining Triumph, he was Vice President of Operations for NORDAM Repair Division. 
 
 Available Information 
 For more information about us, visit our website at www.triumphgroup.com. The contents of the website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our electronic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") (including all Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, and any amendments to these reports) are available free of charge through our website immediately after we electronically file with or furnish them to the SEC. These filings may also be read and copied at the SEC's Public Reference Room which is located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Information about the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers who file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 Factors that have an adverse impact on the aerospace industry may adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. 
 A substantial percentage of our gross profit and operating income derives from commercial aviation. Our operations have been focused on designing, engineering, manufacturing, repairing and overhauling a broad portfolio of aerostructures, aircraft components, accessories, subassemblies and systems. Therefore, our business is directly affected by economic factors and other trends that affect our customers in the aerospace industry, including a possible decrease in outsourcing by OEMs and aircraft operators or projected market growth that may not materialize or be sustainable. We are also significantly dependent on sales to the commercial aerospace market, which has been cyclical in nature with significant downturns in the past. When these economic and other factors adversely affect the aerospace industry, they tend to reduce the overall customer demand for our products and services, which decreases our operating income. Economic and other factors that might affect the aerospace industry may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and liquidity. We have credit exposure to a number of commercial airlines, some of which have encountered financial difficulties. In addition, an increase in energy costs and the price of fuel to the airlines could result in additional pressure on the operating costs of airlines. The market for jet fuel is inherently volatile and is subject to, among other things, changes in government policy on jet fuel production, fluctuations in the global supply of crude oil and disruptions in oil production or delivery caused by hostility in oil-producing areas. Airlines are sometimes unable to pass on increases in fuel prices to customers by increasing fares due to the competitive nature of the airline industry, and this compounds the pressure on operating costs. Other events of general impact such as natural disasters, war, terrorist attacks against the industry or pandemic health crises may lead to declines in the worldwide aerospace industry that could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 In addition, demand for our maintenance, repair and overhaul services is strongly correlated with worldwide flying activity. A significant portion of the MRO activity required on commercial aircraft is mandated by government regulations that limit the total time or number of flights that may elapse between scheduled MRO events. As a result, although short-term deferrals are possible, MRO activity is ultimately required to continue to operate the aircraft in revenue-producing service. Therefore, over the intermediate and long-term, trends in the MRO market are closely related to the size and utilization level of the worldwide aircraft fleet, as reflected by the number of available seat miles, commonly referred to as ASMs, and cargo miles flown. Consequently, conditions or events which contribute to declines in worldwide ASMs and cargo miles flown, such as those mentioned above, could negatively impact our MRO business. 
 
 9 

 Table of Contents 

We may not be successful in achieving expected operating efficiencies and sustaining or improving operating expense reductions, and may experience business disruptions associated with restructuring, facility consolidations, realignment, cost reduction and other strategic initiatives. 
 Over the past several years we have implemented a number of restructuring, realignment and cost reduction initiatives, including facility consolidations, organizational realignments and reductions in our workforce. While we have realized some efficiencies from these actions, we may not realize the benefits of these initiatives to the extent we anticipated. Further, such benefits may be realized later than expected, and the ongoing difficulties in implementing these measures may be greater than anticipated, which could cause us to incur additional costs or result in business disruptions. In addition, if these measures are not successful or sustainable, we may be compelled to undertake additional realignment and cost reduction efforts, which could result in significant additional charges. Moreover, if our restructuring and realignment efforts prove ineffective, our ability to achieve our other strategic and business plan goals may be adversely affected. 
 Changes in levels of U.S. government defense spending or overall acquisition priorities could negatively impact our financial position and results of operations. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the U.S. government, primarily from defense related programs with the U.S. DoD. Levels of U.S. defense spending are very difficult to predict and may be impacted by numerous factors such as the political environment, U.S. foreign policy, macroeconomic conditions and the ability of the U.S. government to enact relevant legislation such as authorization and appropriations bills. 
 In addition, significant budgetary delays and constraints have already resulted in reduced spending levels, and additional reductions may be forthcoming. The Budget Control Act of 2011 established limits on U.S. government discretionary spending, including a reduction of defense spending between the 2012 and 2021 U.S. government fiscal years. Accordingly, long-term uncertainty remains with respect to overall levels of defense spending and it is likely that U.S. government discretionary spending levels will continue to be subject to pressure. 
 In addition, there continues to be significant uncertainty with respect to program-level appropriations for the U.S. DoD and other government agencies within the overall budgetary framework described above. While the House and Senate Appropriations committees included funding for major military programs in fiscal year 2018, such as CH-47 Chinook, AH-64 Apache, KC-46A Tanker, UH-60 Black Hawk, Northrop Grumman Global Hawk and V-22 Osprey programs, uncertainty remains about how defense budgets in fiscal year 2019 and beyond will affect these programs. Future budget cuts, including cuts mandated by sequestration, or future procurement decisions associated with the authorizations and appropriations process could result in reductions, cancellations, and/or delays of existing contracts or programs. Any of these impacts could have a material effect on the results of the Company s operations, financial position and/or cash flows. 
 In addition, as a result of the significant ongoing uncertainty with respect to both U.S. defense spending levels and the nature of the threat environment, we expect the U.S. DoD to continue to emphasize cost-cutting and other efficiency initiatives in its procurement processes. If we can no longer adjust successfully to these changing acquisition priorities and/or fail to meet affordability targets set by the U.S. DoD customer, our revenues and market share would be further impacted. 
 Our business could be negatively affected by cyber or other security threats or other disruptions. 
 Our businesses depend heavily on information technology and computerized systems to communicate and operate effectively. The Company's systems and technologies, or those of third parties on which we rely, could fail or become unreliable due to equipment failures, software viruses, cyber threats, terrorist acts, natural disasters, power failures or other causes. These threats arise in some cases as a result of our role as a defense contractor. Our customers, including the U.S. government, are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products and we may incur additional cost to comply with such demands. 
 Cybersecurity threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software; attempts to gain unauthorized access to our sensitive information, including that of our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and joint venture partners; and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in mission critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. 
 Although we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate these threats, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent security threats from materializing. If any of these events were to materialize, the costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 10 

 Table of Contents 

Our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to operate and grow our business. The terms of our indentures governing our Senior Notes and Revolving Credit Facility impose significant operating and financial restrictions on our company and our subsidiaries, which could also adversely affect our operating flexibility and put us at a competitive disadvantage by preventing us from capitalizing on business opportunities and additional financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us. 
 The terms of our indentures governing our Senior Notes, Revolving Credit Facility and Securitization Facility (each as defined in Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, which limit our ability to incur liens, sell assets and enter into certain transactions, among other things. In addition, our debt instruments require us to maintain compliance with financial covenants. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain compliance with the covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness in the future or, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and /or amend the covenants. Failure to maintain compliance with these covenants could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 We may periodically need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our debt obligations as they come due, to support our operations and/or to make acquisitions. Our access to the debt capital markets and the cost of borrowings are affected by a number of factors including market conditions and the strength of our credit ratings. If we cannot obtain adequate sources of credit on favorable terms, or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 The profitability of certain development programs depends significantly on the assumptions surrounding satisfactory settlement of claims and assertions. 
 For certain of our new development programs, we regularly commence work or incorporate customer-requested changes prior to negotiating pricing terms for engineering work or the product which has been modified. We typically have the legal right to negotiate pricing for customer-directed changes. In those cases, we assert to our customers our contractual rights to obtain the additional revenue or cost reimbursement we expect to receive upon finalizing pricing terms. An expected recovery value of these assertions is incorporated into our contract profitability estimates when applying contract accounting. Our inability to recover these expected values, among other factors, could result in the recognition of a forward loss on these programs or a lower than expected profit margin and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, negotiations over our claims may lead to disputes with our customers that would result in litigation and its associated costs and risks of damages, penalties and injunctive relief, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We incur risk associated with new programs. 
 New programs with new technologies typically carry risks associated with design responsibility, development of new production tools, hiring and training of qualified personnel, increased capital and funding commitments, ability to meet customer specifications, delivery schedules and unique contractual requirements, supplier performance, ability of the customer to meet its contractual obligations to us, and our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with such programs. In addition, any new aircraft program may not generate sufficient demand or may experience technological problems or significant delays in the regulatory certification or manufacturing and delivery schedule. If we were unable to perform our obligations under new programs to the customer's satisfaction or manufacture products at our estimated costs, if we were to experience unexpected fluctuations in raw material prices or supplier problems leading to cost overruns, if we were unable to successfully perform under revised design and manufacturing plans or successfully resolve claims and assertions, or if a new program in which we had made a significant investment was terminated or experienced weak demand, delays or technological problems, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. This risk includes the potential for default, quality problems, or inability to meet weight requirements and could result in low margin or forward loss contracts, and the risk of having to write-off inventory if it were deemed to be unrecoverable over the life of the program. In addition, beginning new work on existing programs also carries risks associated with the transfer of technology, knowledge and tooling. 
 In order to perform on new programs we may be required to construct or acquire new facilities requiring additional up-front investment costs. In the case of significant program delays and/or program cancellations, we could be required to bear certain unrecoverable construction and maintenance costs and incur potential impairment charges for the new facilities. Also, we may need to expend additional resources to determine an alternate revenue generating use for the facilities. Likewise, significant delays in the construction or acquisition of a plant site could impact production schedules. 
 
 11 

 Table of Contents 

Future volatility in the financial markets may impede our ability to successfully access capital markets and ensure adequate liquidity and may adversely affect our customers and suppliers. 
 Future turmoil in the capital markets may impede our ability to access the capital markets when we would like, or need, to raise capital or may restrict our ability to borrow money on favorable terms. Such market conditions could have an adverse impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions and on our ability to fund our operations and capital expenditures in the future. In addition, interest rate fluctuations, financial market volatility or credit market disruptions may also negatively affect our customers' and our suppliers' ability to obtain credit to finance their businesses on acceptable terms. As a result, our customers' need for and ability to purchase our products or services may decrease, and our suppliers may increase their prices, reduce their output or change their terms of sale. If our customers' or suppliers' operating and financial performance deteriorates, or if they are unable to make scheduled payments or obtain credit, our customers may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable owed to us, and our suppliers may restrict credit or impose different payment terms. Any inability of customers to pay us for our products and services or any demands by suppliers for different payment terms may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. 
 Cancellations, reductions or delays in customer orders may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our overall operating results are affected by many factors, including the timing of orders from large customers and the timing of expenditures to manufacture parts and purchase inventory in anticipation of future sales of products and services. A large portion of our operating expenses are relatively fixed. Because several of our operating locations typically do not obtain long-term purchase orders or commitments from our customers, they must anticipate the future volume of orders based upon the historic purchasing patterns of customers and upon our discussions with customers as to their anticipated future requirements. These historic patterns may be disrupted by many factors, including changing economic conditions, inventory adjustments, or work stoppages or labor disruptions at our customers' locations. Cancellations, reductions or delays in orders by a customer or group of customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A significant decline in business with a key customer could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Boeing, or Boeing Commercial, Military and Space, represented approximately 31 of our net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , covering virtually every Boeing plant and product. Gulfstream represented approximately 13 of our net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , covering several Gulfstream plants and products. As a result, a significant reduction in purchases by Boeing and/or Gulfstream could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, some of our individual companies rely significantly on particular customers, the loss of which could have an adverse effect on those businesses. 
 Our international sales and operations are subject to applicable laws relating to trade, export controls and foreign corrupt practices, the violation of which could adversely affect our operations. 
 We must comply with all applicable export control laws and regulations of the United States and other countries. United States laws and regulations applicable to us include the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR"), the Export Administration Regulations ("EAR") and the trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the United States Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"). EAR restricts the export of dual-use products and technical data to certain countries, while ITAR restricts the export of defense products, technical data and defense services. The U.S. Government agencies responsible for administering EAR and ITAR have significant discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these regulations. We cannot provide services to certain countries subject to United States trade sanctions unless we first obtain the necessary authorizations from OFAC. In addition, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act which generally bars bribes or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments or officials. 
 Violations of these laws or regulations could result in significant additional sanctions, including fines, more onerous compliance requirements, more extensive debarments from export privileges, loss of authorizations needed to conduct aspects of our international business and criminal penalties and may harm our ability to enter into contracts with the U.S. Government. A future violation of ITAR or the other regulations enumerated above could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any significant disruption from key suppliers of raw materials and key components could delay production and decrease revenue. 
 We are highly dependent on the availability of essential raw materials such as carbon fiber, aluminum and titanium, and purchased engineered component parts from our suppliers, many of which are available only from single customer-approved sources. Moreover, we are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers to provide raw materials and components that meet our 
 
 12 

 Table of Contents 

specifications, quality standards and delivery schedules. Our suppliers' failure to provide expected raw materials or component parts could require us to identify and enter into contracts with alternate suppliers that are acceptable to both us and our customers, which could result in significant delays, expenses, increased costs and management distraction and adversely affect production schedules and contract profitability. 
 We have from time to time experienced limited interruptions of supply, and we may experience a significant interruption in the future. Our continued supply of raw materials and component parts are subject to a number of risks, including: 
 
 availability of capital to our suppliers; 
 
 the destruction of our suppliers' facilities or their distribution infrastructure; 
 
 a work stoppage or strike by our suppliers' employees; 
 
 the failure of our suppliers to provide raw materials or component parts of the requisite quality; 
 
 the failure of essential equipment at our suppliers' plants; 
 
 the failure or shortage of supply of raw materials to our suppliers; 
 
 contractual amendments and disputes with our suppliers; 
 
 reduction to credit terms; and 
 
 geopolitical conditions in the global supply base. 
 In addition, some contracts with our suppliers for raw materials, component parts and other goods are short-term contracts, which are subject to termination on a relatively short-term basis. The prices of our raw materials and component parts fluctuate depending on market conditions, and substantial increases in prices could increase our operating costs, which, as a result of our fixed-price contracts, we may not be able to recoup through increases in the prices of our products. 
 Due to economic difficulty, we may face pressure to renegotiate agreements resulting in lower margins. Our suppliers may discontinue provision of products to us at attractive prices or at all, and we may not be able to obtain such products in the future from these or other providers on the scale and within the time periods we require. Furthermore, substitute raw materials or component parts may not meet the strict specifications and quality standards we and our customers demand, or that the U.S. Government requires. If we are not able to obtain key products on a timely basis and at an affordable cost, or we experience significant delays or interruptions of their supply, revenues from sales of products that use these supplies will decrease. 
 Significant consolidation by aerospace industry suppliers could adversely affect our business. 
 The aerospace industry continues to experience consolidation among suppliers and customers, primarily the airlines. Suppliers have consolidated and formed alliances to broaden their product and integrated system offerings and achieve critical mass. This supplier consolidation is in part attributable to aircraft manufacturers more frequently awarding long-term sole-source or preferred supplier contracts to the most capable suppliers, thus reducing the total number of suppliers. This consolidation could cause us to compete against certain competitors with greater financial resources, market penetration and purchasing power. When we purchase component parts and services from suppliers to manufacture our products, consolidation reduces price competition between our suppliers, which could diminish incentives for our suppliers to reduce prices. If this consolidation continues, our operating costs could increase and it may become more difficult for us to be successful in obtaining new customers. 
 Competitive pressures may adversely affect us. 
 We have numerous competitors in the aerospace industry. We compete primarily with the top-tier systems integrators and the manufacturers that supply them, some of which are divisions or subsidiaries of OEMs and other large companies that manufacture aircraft components and subassemblies. Our OEM competitors, which include Boeing, Airbus, Bell Helicopter, Bombardier, Cessna, General Electric, Gulfstream, Honeywell, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, Rolls Royce and Sikorsky, may choose not to outsource production of aerostructures or other components due to, among other things, their own direct labor and overhead considerations, capacity utilization at their own facilities and desire to retain critical or core skills. Consequently, traditional factors affecting competition, such as price and quality of service, may not be significant determinants when OEMs decide whether to produce a part in-house or to outsource. We also face competition from non-OEM component manufacturers, including Alenia Aeronautica, Fokker Technologies, Fuji Heavy Industries, GKN Westland Aerospace (U.K.), Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Spirit AeroSystems and UTC Aerospace Systems. Competition for the repair and overhaul of aviation components comes from three primary sources: OEMs, major commercial airlines and other independent repair and overhaul companies. 
 
 13 

 Table of Contents 

We may need to expend significant capital to keep pace with technological developments in our industry. 
 The aerospace industry is constantly undergoing development and change and it is likely that new products, equipment and methods of repair and overhaul service will be introduced in the future. In order to keep pace with any new developments, such as additive technology, we may need to expend significant capital to purchase new equipment and machines or to train our employees in the new methods of production and service. 
 The construction of aircraft is heavily regulated and failure to comply with applicable laws could reduce our sales or require us to incur additional costs to achieve compliance, and we may incur significant expenses to comply with new or more stringent governmental regulation. 
 The aerospace industry is highly regulated in the United States by the FAA and in other countries by similar agencies. We must be certified by the FAA and, in some cases, by individual OEMs in order to engineer and service parts, components and aerostructures used in specific aircraft models. If any of our material authorizations or approvals were revoked or suspended, our operations would be adversely affected. New or more stringent governmental regulations may be adopted, or industry oversight heightened in the future, and we may incur significant expenses to comply with any new regulations or any heightened industry oversight. 
 Our business could be materially adversely affected by product warranty obligations. 
 Our operations expose us to potential liability for warranty claims made by customers or third parties with respect to aircraft components that have been designed, manufactured, or serviced by us or our suppliers. Material product warranty obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not realize our anticipated return on capital commitments made to expand our capabilities. 
 We continually make significant capital expenditures to implement new processes and to increase both efficiency and capacity. Some of these projects require additional training for our employees and not all projects may be implemented as anticipated. If any of these projects do not achieve the anticipated increase in efficiency or capacity, our returns on these capital expenditures may be lower than expected. 
 Any product liability claims in excess of insurance may adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Our operations expose us to potential liability for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of an aircraft component that has been serviced by us or the failure of an aircraft component designed or manufactured by us. While we believe that our liability insurance is adequate to protect us from these liabilities, our insurance may not cover all liabilities. Additionally, should insurance market conditions change, general aviation product liability, insurance coverage may not be available in the future at a cost acceptable to us. Any material liability not covered by insurance or for which third-party indemnification is not available could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 The lack of available skilled personnel may have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 From time to time, some of our operating locations have experienced difficulties in attracting and retaining skilled personnel to design, engineer, manufacture, repair and overhaul sophisticated aircraft components. Our ability to operate successfully could be jeopardized if we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of skilled personnel to conduct our business. 
 Our fixed-price contracts may commit us to unfavorable terms. 
 A significant portion of our net sales are derived from fixed-price contracts under which we have agreed to provide components or aerostructures for a price determined on the date we entered into the contract. Several factors may cause the costs we incur in fulfilling these contracts to vary substantially from our original estimates, and we bear the risk that increased or unexpected costs may reduce our profit or cause us to sustain losses on these contracts. In a fixed-price contract, we must fully absorb cost overruns, notwithstanding the difficulty of estimating all of the costs we will incur in performing these contracts. Because our ability to terminate contracts is generally limited, we may not be able to terminate our performance requirements under these contracts at all or without substantial liability and, therefore, in the event we are sustaining reduced profits or losses, we could continue to sustain these reduced profits or losses for the duration of the contract term. Our failure to anticipate technical problems, estimate delivery reductions, estimate costs accurately or control costs during performance of a fixed-price contract may reduce our profitability or cause significant losses on programs similar in nature to the forward losses incurred on the Boeing 747-8 ("747-8 program") and Bombardier Global 7000/8000 contracts. 
 
 14 

 Table of Contents 

Any exposure to environmental liabilities may adversely affect us. 
 Our business, operations and facilities are subject to numerous stringent federal, state, local, and foreign environmental laws and regulations, and we are subject to potentially significant fines or penalties, including criminal sanctions, if we fail to comply with these requirements. In addition, we could be affected by future laws and regulations, including those imposed in response to climate change concerns and other actions commonly referred to as "green initiatives." Compliance with current and future environmental laws and regulations currently requires and is expected to continue to require significant operating and capital costs. 
 Pursuant to certain environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of a contaminated site may be held liable for the entire cost of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous materials at such property, whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of any hazardous materials. Although management believes that our operations and facilities are in material compliance with such laws and regulations, future changes in such laws, regulations or interpretations thereof or the nature of our operations or regulatory enforcement actions which may arise, may require us to make significant additional capital expenditures to ensure compliance in the future. Certain of our facilities, including facilities acquired and operated by us or one of our subsidiaries, have at one time or another been under active investigation for environmental contamination by federal or state agencies when acquired and, at least in some cases, continue to be under investigation or subject to remediation for potential or identified environmental contamination. Lawsuits, claims and costs involving environmental matters are likely to continue to arise in the future. Individual facilities of ours have also been subject to investigation on occasion for possible past waste disposal practices which might have contributed to contamination at or from remote third-party waste disposal sites. In some instances, we are indemnified by prior owners or operators and/or present owners of the facilities for liabilities which we incur as a result of these investigations and the environmental contamination found which pre-dates our acquisition of these facilities, subject to certain limitations, including, but not limited to specified exclusions, deductibles and limitations on the survival period of the indemnity. We also maintain a pollution liability policy that provides coverage, subject to specified limitations, for specified material liabilities associated with the clean-up of certain on-site pollution conditions, as well as defense and indemnity for certain third-party suits (including Superfund liabilities at third-party sites), in each case, to the extent not otherwise indemnified. Also, as we proceed with our plans to exit certain facilities as part of restructuring and related initiatives, the need for remediation for potential environmental contamination could be identified. However, if we are required to pay the expenses related to environmental liabilities because neither indemnification nor insurance coverage is available, these expenses could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our expansion into international markets may increase credit, currency and other risks, and our current operations in international markets expose us to such risks. 
 As we pursue customers in Asia, South America and other less developed aerospace markets throughout the world, our inability to ensure the creditworthiness of our customers in these areas could adversely impact our overall profitability. In addition, with operations in Canada, China, France, Germany, Ireland, Mexico, Thailand and the United Kingdom, and customers throughout the world, we will be subject to the legal, political, social and regulatory requirements, and economic conditions of other jurisdictions. In the future, we may also make additional international capital investments, including further acquisitions of companies outside the United States or companies having operations outside the United States. Risks inherent to international operations include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 difficulty in enforcing agreements in some legal systems outside the United States; 
 
 imposition of additional withholding taxes or other taxes on our foreign income, tariffs or other restrictions on foreign trade and investment, including currency exchange controls; 
 
 fluctuations in exchange rates which may affect demand for our products and services and may adversely affect our profitability in U.S. dollars; 
 
 inability to obtain, maintain or enforce intellectual property rights; 
 
 changes in general economic and political conditions in the countries in which we operate; 
 
 unexpected adverse changes in the laws or regulatory requirements outside the United States, including those with respect to environmental protection, export duties and quotas; 
 
 failure by our employees or agents to comply with U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad; 
 
 difficulty with staffing and managing widespread operations; and 
 
 15 

 Table of Contents 

difficulty of and costs relating to compliance with the different commercial and legal requirements of the countries in which we operate. 
 Our acquisition strategy exposes us to risks, including the risk that we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses. 
 We have historically had a strategy to grow, in part, through the acquisition of additional businesses in the aerospace industry and are continuously evaluating various acquisition opportunities, including those outside the United States and those that may have a material impact on our business. Our ability to grow by acquisition is dependent upon, among other factors, the availability of suitable acquisition candidates. Growth by acquisition involves risks that could adversely affect our operating results, including difficulties in integrating the operations and personnel of acquired companies, the risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our existing operations, the potential amortization of acquired intangible assets, the potential impairment of goodwill and the potential loss of key employees of acquired companies. We may not be able to consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms or, if any acquisitions are consummated, successfully integrate these acquired businesses. 
 Due to the size and long-term nature of many of our contracts, we are required by GAAP to estimate sales and expenses relating to these contracts in our financial statements, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those estimated under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). These principles require our management to make estimates and assumptions regarding our contracts that affect the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Contract accounting requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract sales and costs, and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. Due to the size and nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of total sales and cost at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. While we base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances at the time made, actual results may differ materially from those estimated. 
 We could become involved in intellectual property litigation, which could have a material and adverse impact on our profitability. 
 We and other companies in our industry possess certain proprietary rights relating to designs, engineering, manufacturing processes and repair and overhaul procedures. In the event that we believe that a third party is infringing upon our proprietary rights, we may bring an action to enforce such rights. In addition, third parties may claim infringement by us with respect to their proprietary rights and may initiate legal proceedings against us in the future. The expense and time of bringing an action to enforce such rights or defending against infringement claims can be significant. Intellectual property litigation involves complex legal and factual questions which makes the outcome of any such proceedings subject to considerable uncertainty. Not only can such litigation divert management's attention, but it can also expose the Company to damages and potential injunctive relief which, if granted, may preclude the Company from making, using or selling particular products or technology. The expense and time associated with such litigation may have a material and adverse impact on our profitability. 
 We do not own certain intellectual property and tooling that is important to our business. 
 In our overhaul and repair businesses, OEMs of equipment that we maintain for our customers include language in repair manuals relating to their equipment asserting broad claims of proprietary rights to the contents of the manuals used in our operations. Although we believe that our use of manufacture and repair manuals is lawful, there can be no assurance that OEMs will not try to enforce such claims, including through the possible use of legal proceedings, or that any such actions will be unsuccessful. 
 Our business also depends on using certain intellectual property and tooling that we have rights to use pursuant to license grants under our contracts with our OEM customers. These contracts contain restrictions on our use of the intellectual property and tooling and may be terminated if we violate certain of these restrictions. Our loss of a contract with an OEM customer and the related license rights to use an OEM's intellectual property or tooling would materially adversely affect our business. 
 Our operations depend on our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production. 
 Our manufacturing facilities or our customers' facilities could be damaged or disrupted by a natural disaster, war, or terrorist activity. We maintain property damage and business interruption insurance at the levels typical in our industry or for our customers and suppliers, however, a major catastrophe, such as an earthquake, hurricane, fire, flood, tornado or other natural disaster at any of our sites, or war or terrorist activities in any of the areas where we conduct operations could result in a prolonged interruption of our business. Any disruption resulting from these events could cause significant delays in shipments 
 
 16 

 Table of Contents 

of products and the loss of sales and customers and we may not have insurance to adequately compensate us for any of these events. For leased facilities, timely renewal of leases and risk mitigation from the sale of our leased facilities is required to avoid any business interruption. 
 Our reputation, our ability to do business and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows may be impacted by the improper conduct of employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate. 
 We have implemented policies, procedures, training and other compliance controls, and have negotiated terms designed to prevent misconduct by employees, agents or others working on our behalf or with us that would violate the applicable laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing improper payments to government officials, the protection of export controlled or classified information, cost accounting and billing, competition and data privacy. However, we cannot ensure that we will prevent all such misconduct committed by our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or others working on our behalf or with us, and this risk of improper conduct may increase as we expand globally. In the ordinary course of our business we form and are members of joint ventures. We may be unable to prevent misconduct or other violations of applicable laws by these joint ventures (including their officers, directors and employees) or our partners. Improper actions by those with whom or through whom we do business (including our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners and joint ventures) could subject us to administrative, civil or criminal investigations and monetary and non-monetary penalties, including suspension and debarment, which could negatively impact our reputation and ability to conduct business and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 We may be subject to work stoppages at our facilities or those of our principal customers and suppliers, which could seriously impact the profitability of our business. 
 At March 31, 2018 , we employed 13,554 people, of which 16.9 belonged to unions. Our unionized workforces and those of our customers and suppliers may experience work stoppages. For example, during the quarter ended June 30, 2016, we settled a strike and agreed to a new collective bargaining agreement with our union employees with IAM District 751 at our Spokane, Washington facility which had expired during the quarter. While we were in negotiations with the workforce, we were able to implement plans that allowed us to continue production in Spokane with the support from our other locations. If we are unable to negotiate a contract with those workforces, our operations may be disrupted and we may be prevented from completing production and delivery of products from those facilities, which would negatively impact our results. Contingency plans have been developed that would allow production to continue in the event of a strike. 
 Many aircraft manufacturers, airlines and aerospace suppliers have unionized workforces. Strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by aircraft manufacturers, airlines or aerospace suppliers could reduce our customers' demand for our products or prevent us from completing production. In turn, this may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Financial market conditions may adversely affect the benefit plan assets for our defined benefit plans, increase funding requirements and materially impact our statements of financial position and cash flows. 
 Our benefit plan assets are invested in a diversified portfolio of investments in both the equity and debt categories, as well as limited investments in other alternative investments. The current market values of all of these investments, as well as the related benefit plan liabilities are impacted by the movements and volatility in the financial markets. In accordance with the Compensation Retirement Benefits topic of the Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC"), we have recognized the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability on our balance sheet, and will recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur. The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of the plan's assets and the projected benefit obligation. A decrease in the fair value of these plan assets or a decrease in interest rates resulting from movements in the financial markets will increase the underfunded status of the plans recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and result in additional cash funding requirements to meet the minimum required funding levels. 
 The U.S. government is a significant customer of our largest customers, and we and they are subject to specific U.S. Government contracting rules and regulations. 
 The military aircraft manufacturers' business, and by extension, our business, is affected by the U.S. government's continued commitment to programs under contract with our customers. The terms of defense contracts with the U.S. government generally permit the government to terminate contracts partially or completely, either for its convenience or if we default by failing to perform under the contract. Termination for convenience provisions provide only for our recovery of unrecovered costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit on the work completed prior to termination. Termination for default provisions provide for the contractor to be liable for excess costs incurred by the U.S. government in 
 
 17 

 Table of Contents 

procuring undelivered items from another source. On contracts where the price is based on cost, the U.S. government may review our costs and performance, as well as our accounting and general business practices. Based on the results of such audits, the U.S. government may adjust our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs. In addition, under U.S. government purchasing regulations, some of our costs, including most financing costs, portions of research and development costs, and certain marketing expenses may not be subject to reimbursement. 
 We bear the potential risk that the U.S. government may unilaterally suspend our customers or us from new contracts pending the resolution of alleged violations of procurement laws or regulations. Sales to the U.S. government are also subject to changes in the government's procurement policies in advance of design completion. An unexpected termination of, or suspension from, a significant government contract, a reduction in expenditures by the U.S. government for aircraft using our products, lower margins resulting from increasingly competitive procurement policies, a reduction in the volume of contracts awarded to us, or substantial cost overruns could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are subject to the requirements of the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual for facility security clearance, which is a prerequisite for our ability to perform on classified contracts for the U.S. Government. 
 DoD facility security clearance is required in order to be awarded and perform on classified contracts for the DoD and certain other agencies of the U.S. Government, which is a significant part of our business. We have obtained clearance at appropriate levels that require stringent qualifications, and we may be required to seek higher level clearances in the future. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our security clearance. If for some reason our security clearance is invalidated or terminated, we may not be able to continue to perform our present classified contracts or be able to enter into new classified contracts, which could affect our ability to compete for and capture new business. 
 Regulations related to conflict minerals have and will continue to force us to incur additional expenses, may make our supply chain more complex, and could adversely impact our business. 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 contains provisions to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of certain minerals and metals, known as conflict minerals, originating from the Democratic Republic of Congo (the "DRC") and adjoining countries. As a result, in August 2012, the SEC adopted annual investigation, disclosure and reporting requirements for those companies that manufacture or contract to manufacture products that contain conflict minerals that originated from the DRC and adjoining countries. We have and will continue to incur compliance costs, including costs related to determining the sources of conflict minerals used in our products and other potential changes to processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. The implementation of these rules could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in certain of our products. As there may be only a limited number of suppliers offering "conflict free" minerals, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain necessary conflict-free minerals from such suppliers in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Also, we may face reputational challenges if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict free. 
 Our business is subject to regulation in the United States and internationally. 
 The manufacturing of our products is subject to numerous federal, state and foreign governmental regulations. The number of laws and regulations that are being enacted or proposed by various governmental bodies and authorities are increasing. Compliance with these regulations is difficult and expensive. If we fail to adhere, or are alleged to have failed to adhere, to any applicable federal, state or foreign laws or regulations, or if such laws or regulations negatively affect sales of our products, our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows may be adversely affected. In addition, our future results could be adversely affected by changes in applicable federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, including those relating to manufacturing processes, product liability, government contracts, trade rules and customs regulations, intellectual property, consumer laws, privacy laws, as well as accounting standards and taxation requirements (including tax-rate changes, new tax laws or revised tax law interpretations. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 18 

 Table of Contents 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 As of March 31, 2018 , our segments owned or leased the following facilities with the following square footage: 
 (Square feet in thousands) 
 Owned 
 
 Leased 
 
 Total 
 Integrated Systems 
 1,075 

748 

1,823 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 5,139 

5,632 

10,771 
 
 Product Support 
 562 

488 

1,050 
 
 Corporate 

22 

22 
 
 Total 
 6,776 

6,890 

13,666 

At March 31, 2018 , our segments occupied 7.3 million square feet of floor space at the following major locations: 
 
 Integrated Systems: West Hartford, Connecticut; and Park City, Utah 
 
 Aerospace Structures: Milledgeville, Georgia; Nashville, Tennessee; Hawthorne, California; Red Oak, Texas; Grand Prairie, Texas; and Stuart, Florida 
 
 Product Support: Hot Springs, Arkansas 
 We believe that our properties are adequate to support our operations for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in disputes, claims and lawsuits with employees, suppliers and customers, as well as governmental and regulatory inquiries, that are deemed to be immaterial. Some may involve claims or potential claims of substantial damages, fines, penalties or injunctive relief. While we cannot predict the outcome of any pending or future litigation or proceeding and no assurances can be given, we do not believe that any pending matter will have a material effect, individually or in the aggregate, on its financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 19 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Range of Market Price 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "TGI." The following table sets forth the range of high and low prices for our common stock for the periods indicated: 

High 
 
 Low 
 Fiscal 2017 

1st Quarter 
 
 40.09 

29.97 
 
 2nd Quarter 
 39.88 

26.31 
 
 3rd Quarter 
 31.00 

22.40 
 
 4th Quarter 
 29.00 

23.00 
 
 Fiscal 2018 

1st Quarter 
 
 34.80 

19.65 
 
 2nd Quarter 
 34.50 

24.45 
 
 3rd Quarter 
 34.58 

26.15 
 
 4th Quarter 
 30.05 

23.95 

On May 21, 2018 , the reported closing price for our common stock was 25.10 . As of May 21, 2018 , there were approximately 102 holders of record of our common stock and we believe that our common stock was beneficially owned by approximately 30,000 persons. 
 Dividend Policy 
 During fiscal 2018 and 2017 , we paid cash dividends of 0.16 per share and 0.16 per share, respectively. However, our declaration and payment of cash dividends in the future and the amount thereof will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, limitations imposed by credit agreements or indentures governing debt securities and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. No assurance can be given that cash dividends will continue to be declared and paid at historical levels or at all. Certain of our debt arrangements, including the Credit Facility, restrict our paying dividends and making distributions on our capital stock, except for the payment of stock dividends and redemptions of an employee's shares of capital stock upon termination of employment. The Company will likely have an accumulated deficit in the first quarter of Fiscal 2019, which would limit or restrict our ability to pay dividends. 
 Repurchases of Stock 
 In December 1998, we announced a program to repurchase up to 500,000 shares of our common stock. In February 2008, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an increase in the Company's existing stock repurchase program by up to an additional 500,000 shares of its common stock. In February 2014, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an increase in the Company's existing stock repurchase program by up to an additional 5,000,000 shares of its common stock. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , we did not repurchase any shares. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, we repurchased 2,923,011 and 300,000 shares, respectively, for a purchase price of 184.4 million and 19.1 million, respectively. From the inception of the program through March 31, 2013, we repurchased 499,200 shares (prior to fiscal 2012 stock split) for a purchase price of 19.2 million. Repurchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions, block purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise at prevailing prices. No time limit has been set for completion of the program. As a result, as of May 22, 2018 , the Company remains able to purchase an additional 2,277,789 shares. 
 
 20 

 Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The information required regarding equity compensation plan information will be included in our Proxy Statement in connection with our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on July 7, 2018 , under the heading "Equity Compensation Plan Information" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative 5-year total return provided stockholders on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Russell 1000 index, the Russell 2000 index and the S P Aerospace Defense index. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our common stock and in each of the indexes on March 31, 2012, and its relative performance is tracked through March 31, 2018 . 
 COMPARISON OF 5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Triumph Group, Inc., and The Russell 1000 and 2000 Indexes 
 And The S P Aerospace Defense Index 
 
 100 invested on March 31, 2013, in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 

Fiscal year ended March 31 
 
 2013 
 
 2014 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 
 
 2017 
 
 2018 
 Triumph Group, Inc. 
 100.00 
 
 82.45 
 
 76.43 
 
 40.44 
 
 33.25 
 
 32.72 
 Russell 1000 
 100.00 
 
 122.41 
 
 138.00 
 
 138.69 
 
 162.87 
 
 185.63 
 Russell 2000 
 100.00 
 
 124.90 
 
 135.15 
 
 121.96 
 
 153.94 
 
 172.09 
 S P Aerospace Defense 
 100.00 
 
 143.22 
 
 163.53 
 
 165.13 
 
 210.04 
 
 298.34 

The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included herein. 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 
 
 2018 (1) 
 
 2017 (2) 
 
 2016 (3) 
 
 2015 (4) 
 
 2014 (5) 
 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Operating Data: 

Net sales 
 
 3,198,951 

3,532,799 

3,886,072 

3,888,722 

3,763,254 
 
 Cost of sales 
 2,533,153 

2,689,818 

3,597,299 

3,141,453 

2,911,802 

665,798 

842,981 

288,773 

747,269 

851,452 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 289,521 

281,547 

287,349 

285,773 

254,715 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 158,368 

176,946 

177,755 

158,323 

164,277 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets 
 535,227 

266,298 

874,361 

Restructuring 
 40,069 

42,177 

36,182 

3,193 

31,290 
 
 Loss on divestitures 
 30,741 

19,124 

Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives 
 (25,722) 

(1,244) 

1,166 
 
 Loss (gain) on legal settlement, net 

5,476 

(134,693) 

Operating (loss) income 
 (362,406) 
 
 56,889 

(1,091,106) 
 
 434,673 

400,004 
 
 Interest expense and other 
 99,442 

80,501 

68,041 

85,379 

87,771 
 
 (Loss) income from continuing operations, before income taxes 
 (461,848) 
 
 (23,612) 
 
 (1,159,147) 
 
 349,294 

312,233 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (36,457) 
 
 19,340 

(111,187) 
 
 110,597 

105,977 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 
 (425,391) 

(42,952) 

(1,047,960) 

238,697 

206,256 
 
 Earnings per share: 

(Loss) income from continuing operations: 

Basic 
 
 (8.60) 

(0.87) 

(21.29) 

4.70 

3.99 
 
 Diluted (6) 
 
 (8.60) 

(0.87) 

(21.29) 

4.68 

3.91 
 
 Cash dividends declared per share 
 
 0.16 

0.16 

0.16 

0.16 

0.16 
 
 Shares used in computing earnings per share: 

Basic 
 49,442 

49,303 

49,218 

50,796 

51,711 
 
 Diluted (6) 
 49,442 

49,303 

49,218 

51,005 

52,787 

As of March 31, 
 
 2018 (1) 
 
 2017 (2) 
 
 2016 (3) 
 
 2015 (4) 
 
 2014 (5) 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Balance Sheet Data: 

Working capital 
 
 930,486 

438,659 

606,767 

1,023,144 

1,141,741 
 
 Total assets 
 3,807,064 

4,414,600 

4,835,093 

5,956,325 

5,553,386 
 
 Long-term debt, including current portion 
 1,438,284 

1,196,300 

1,417,320 

1,368,600 

1,550,383 
 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 
 450,534 

846,473 

934,944 

2,135,784 

2,283,911 

(1) 
 Includes the divestitures of Triumph Processing- Embee Division (September 2017) and Triumph Structures- Long Island (March 2018). See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes the divestitures of Triumph Aerospace Systems-Newport News, Inc. (September 2016) and Triumph Air Repair, the Auxiliary Power Unit Overhaul Operations of Triumph Aviations Services - Asia, Ltd. and Triumph Engines - Tempe (December 2016). See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (3) 
 Includes the acquisition of Fairchild Controls Corporation (October 2015) from the date of acquisition, forward losses on the Bombardier and 747-8 programs of 561,158 (March 2016). See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (4) 
 Includes the acquisitions of Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. - Gulfstream G650 and G280 Wings Programs and forward losses on the 747-8 program of 151,992 (December 2014), North American Aircraft Services, Inc. (October 2014) and GE Aviation - Hydraulic Actuation (June 2014) from the date of each respective acquisition. 
 
 22 

 Table of Contents 

(5) 
 Includes the acquisitions of Insulfab Product Line (Chase Corporation) (October 2013), General Donlee Canada, Inc. (October 2013) and Primus Composites (May 2013) from the date of each respective acquisition. Includes the divestitures of Triumph Aerospace Systems - Wichita (January 2014) and Triumph Instruments (April 2013) from the date of respective divestiture. 
 (6) 
 Diluted earnings per share for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, included 40,177, and 811,083 shares, respectively, related to the dilutive effects of the Company's Convertible Notes. 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto contained elsewhere herein. 

OVERVIEW 
 
 Effective January 1, 2018, we combined our Aerospace Structures and Precision Components operating segments into one reporting segment, Aerospace Structures. Aerospace Structures and Precision Components share many of the same customers and suppliers and have substantial inter-company work on common programs. As a single operating segment, we are able to leverage their combined resources to make it more cost competitive and enhance performance. The newly formed operating segment is also a reportable segment. As a result, effective January 1, 2018, we have three reporting segments for financial reporting purposes - Integrated Systems, Product Support and Aerospace Structures. 
 We are a major supplier to the aerospace industry and have three operating segments: (i) Integrated Systems, whose companies revenues are derived from integrated solutions, including design, development and support of proprietary components, subsystems and systems, as well as production of complex assemblies using external designs; (ii) Aerospace Structures, whose companies supply commercial, business, regional and military manufacturers with large metallic and composite structures and produce close-tolerance parts primarily to customer designs and model based definition, including a wide range of aluminum, hard metal and composite structure capabilities; and (ii) Product Support, whose companies provide full life cycle solutions for commercial, regional and military aircraft. 
 In May 2018, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to divest Triumph Structures - Los Angles, Inc. ("TSLA") and Triumph Processing, Inc. ("TPI"). The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2019. The operating results for TSLA and TPI were included in Aerospace Structures for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. 
 In March 2018, the Company sold all of the shares of Triumph Structures Long Island, LLC ("TS-LI") for total cash proceeds of 9.5 million . As a result of the sale of TS-LI, the Company recognized a loss of 10.4 million which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Loss on divestiture." The operating results of TS-LI were included in Aerospace Structures through the date of disposal. 
 In September 2017, the Company sold all of the shares of Triumph Processing - Embee Division, Inc. ("Embee") for total cash proceeds of 65.0 million . As a result of the sale of Embee, the Company recognized a loss of 17.9 million , which is included in Corporate. The operating results of Embee were included in Integrated Systems through the date of disposal. 
 Significant financial results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , include: 
 
 Net sales for fiscal 2018 decreased 9.4 to 3.20 billion , including a 6.3 decrease in organic sales. 
 
 Operating loss for fiscal 2018 was 362.4 million . 
 
 Included in operating loss for fiscal 2018 was non-cash impairment charges of 535.2 million related to goodwill associated with the Aerospace Structures reporting unit and restructuring charges of 43.1 million . 
 
 Net loss for fiscal 2018 was 425.4 million . 
 
 Backlog increased 13.0 over the prior year to 4.50 billion . 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , net sales totaled 3.20 billion , a 9.4 decrease from fiscal year 2017 net sales of 3.53 billion . The net loss for fiscal year 2018 increased 890.4 to 425.4 million , or 8.60 per diluted common share, versus the net loss of 43.0 million , or 0.87 per diluted common share, for fiscal year 2017 . 
 Our working capital needs are generally funded through cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit arrangements. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , we used 288.9 million of cash flows from operating activities, 
 
 23 

 Table of Contents 

received 38.2 million from investing activities and received 213.6 million from financing activities. Cash flows from operating activities in fiscal year 2017 were 281.5 million . 
 The Company has committed to several plans that incorporate the restructuring of certain its businesses as well as the consolidation of certain of its facilities. The Company expects to reduce its footprint by approximately 4.3 million square feet and to reduce head count by 2,500 employees, approximately 1,000 of which have exited as of March 31, 2018 8. Over the course of these cost-reducing programs (which were initiated in fiscal 2016), the Company estimates that it will record aggregate related pre-tax charges of 195.0 million to 210.0 million , which represent employee termination benefits, contract termination costs, accelerated depreciation and facility closure and other exit costs, and will result in future cash outlays. For the fiscal years ended fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , the Company recorded charges of 43.1 million , 53.0 million and 81.0 million , respectively, related to these programs. 
 Our 2016 and 2017 restructuring plans and related activities are anticipated to generate annualized savings of approximately 300 million per year on a consolidated basis by fiscal year 2019 from facility consolidations, headcount reductions, operational efficiencies, and supply chain optimization. These anticipated savings are expected to come from our reportable segments approximately as follows: Integrated Systems - 23 ; Aerospace Structures - 72 and Product Support - 5 . A significant portion of the anticipated savings are expected to be reinvested in business development, research and development and capital improvements to help drive organic growth. Through March 31, 2018, the Company is on target for its consolidated anticipated savings goals; however, the nature of those savings has shifted over time to be more weighted toward our supply chain optimization and operational efficiencies than previously anticipated, offset by reduced expectations associated with the facility consolidations and headcount reductions. 
 We are currently performing work on several new programs, which are in various stages of development. Several of the these programs have entered flight testing, including the Bombardier Global 7000/8000 ("Global 7000/8000") and Embraer second generation E-Jet ("E2-Jets") and we expect to deliver revenue generating production units for these programs in calendar year 2018. Historically, low-rate production commences during flight testing, followed by an increase to full-rate production, assuming that successful testing and certification are achieved. Accordingly, we anticipate that each of these programs will begin generating full-rate production level revenues between fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2021. We are still in the early development stages for the Gulfstream G500/G600 programs, as these aircraft are not expected to enter service until fiscal 2019. Transition of each of these programs from development to recurring production levels is dependent upon the success of each program at achieving flight testing and certification, as well as the ability of the OEM to generate acceptable levels of aircraft sales. 
 While work progressed on these development programs, we have experienced difficulties in achieving estimated cost targets particularly in the areas of engineering and estimated recurring costs. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we recorded a 399.8 million forward loss on our Global 7000/8000 wing contract. The Global 7000/8000 contract provides for fixed pricing and requires us to fund certain up-front development expenses, with certain milestone payments made by Bombardier. 
 The provision for forward losses on the Global 7000/8000 program resulted in the impairment of previously capitalized pre-production costs due to the combination of cost recovery uncertainty, higher than anticipated nonrecurring costs and increased forecasted costs on recurring production. The increases in costs were driven by several factors, including: changing technical requirements, increased spending on the design and engineering phase of the program and uncertainty regarding cost reduction and cost recovery initiatives with our customer and suppliers. The program has continued to incur costs since March 2016 in support of development and transition to production. 
 On December 22, 2016, Triumph Aerostructures, LLC, the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that is party to the Global 7000/8000 contract with Bombardier Triumph Aerostructures ), initiated litigation against Bombardier in the Quebec Superior Court, District of Montreal. The lawsuit related to Bombardier s failure to pay to Triumph Aerostructures certain non-recurring expenses incurred by Triumph Aerostructures during the development phase of a program pursuant to which Triumph Aerostructures agreed to design, manufacture, and supply the wing and related components for Bombardier s Global 7000 business aircraft. 
 In May 2017, Triumph Aerostructures and Bombardier entered into a comprehensive settlement agreement that resolved all outstanding commercial disputes between them, including all pending litigation, related to the design, manufacture and supply of wing components for Bombardier s Global 7000 business aircraft. The settlement reset the commercial relationship between the companies and allowed each company to better achieve its business objectives going forward. 
 
 24 

 Table of Contents 

Further cost increases or an inability to meet revised recurring cost forecasts on the Global 7000/8000 program may result in additional forward loss reserves in future periods, while improvements in future costs compared to current estimates or additional cost recovery may result in favorable adjustments if forward loss reserves are no longer required. 
 Under our contract with Embraer, we have the exclusive right to design, develop and manufacture the center fuselage section III, rear fuselage section and various tail section components (rudder and elevator) for the E2-Jets over the initial 600 ship sets. The contract provides for funding on a fixed amount of nonrecurring costs, which will be paid over a specified number of production units. Higher than expected spending on the E2-Jets program has resulted in a near breakeven estimated profit margin percentage, with additional potential future cost pressures as well as opportunities for improved performance. Risks related to additional engineering as well as the recurring cost profile remain as this program completes flight testing. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Company reached an agreement with AeroSpace Technologies of Korea Inc. (ASTK) to optimize the supply chain under our portion of the E2 program. Under this agreement, ASTK will build and transport fuselage shipsets to Embraer and establish a facility in Brazil to manage stock and repairs locally. The Company maintains its role as the supply chain integrator on the program. 
 We seek additional consideration for customer work statement changes throughout the development process as a standard course of business. The ability to recover or negotiate additional consideration is not certain and varies by contract. Varying market conditions for these products may also impact future profitability. 
 Although none of these new programs individually are expected to have a material impact on our net revenues, they do have the potential, either individually or in the aggregate, to materially and negatively impact our consolidated results of operations if future changes in estimates result in the need for a forward loss provision. Absent any such loss provisions, we do not anticipate that any of these new programs will significantly dilute our future consolidated margins. 
 In March 2017, the Company settled several outstanding change orders and open pricing on a number of its programs with Boeing. The agreement included pricing settlements, advanced payments, delivery schedule adjustments and the opportunity to extend the mutual relationship on future programs. The agreement also provides for continued build ahead on the 747-8 program through the end of the existing contract, resulting in a reduction to the previously recognized forward losses on the 747-8 program . 
 As disclosed during fiscal 2016, Boeing announced a rate reduction to the 747-8 program, which lowered production to one plane every two months, the impact of the rate reduction resulted in an additional 161.4 million forward loss during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. 
 Subsequent to March 31, 2018, the Company reached an agreement with Gulfstream to optimize the supply chain on the Company's G650 work scope. The G650 wing box and wing completion work, which are now co-produced across three facilities at both companies, are planned for consolidation into Gulfstream s structures center of excellence in Savannah. The Company will maintain its role as the supply chain integrator on the program. 
 Consistent with the Company's policy described in Note 2, the Company performs an annual assessment in its fiscal fourth quarter and on an interim basis upon the occurrence of events or substantive changes in circumstances that indicate a reporting unit's carrying value may be less than its fair value. The Company performed an interim assessment of the fair value of its goodwill due to the Company's decision to combine the Aerospace Structures and Precision Components reporting segments into one reporting segment as noted above. In accordance with ASC 350-20-35-3C, there are several potential events and circumstances that could be indicators of goodwill impairment. A change in a company's reporting unit structure is one of these events, and when this does occur, a company must perform a "before and after" test of the reporting units (see Note 1). Additionally, the Company's enhanced visibility into its future cash flows based on its annual planning process was also an indicator. Consistent with the Company's policy, it performed the goodwill impairment test which includes using a combination of both the market and income approaches to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. 
 After performing the "before" portion of the test of the reporting units the Company concluded that the former Precision Components' reporting unit had a fair value that was lower than its carrying value by an amount of 190.2 million . Accordingly, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2017, of 190.2 million , which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets . The decline in fair value is the result of declining revenues from production rate reductions on sun-setting programs and the slower than previously projected ramp in our development programs and the timing of associated earnings and cash flows. 
 
 25 

 Table of Contents 

The Company then performed the "after" portion of the test of the reporting units and concluded that the new reporting unit of Aerospace Structures' goodwill had a fair value that was lower than its carrying value by an amount that exceeded the remaining goodwill for the reporting unit. Following the applicable accounting guidance, this impairment charge is deemed to have occurred during the Company's fiscal fourth quarter. Therefore, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018, of 345.0 million , which is presented on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. The decline in fair value is the result of declining revenues from production rate reductions on sun-setting programs and the slower than previously projected ramp in our development programs and the timing of associated earnings and cash flows (See Note 2 for definition of fair value levels). 
 In the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, we concluded that the goodwill related to the Aerospace Structures reporting unit was impaired as of the annual testing date. We recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2017, of 266.3 million , which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets. 
 In the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, we concluded that the goodwill of our Aerospace Structures reporting unit was impaired as of the annual testing date. We concluded that the goodwill had an implied fair value of 822.8 million (Level 3) compared to a carrying value of 1.42 billion . We recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 of 597.6 million, which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets." 
 During the third quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, we performed an interim assessment of fair value on our indefinite-lived intangible assets due to potential indicators of impairment related to the continued decline in our stock price during the fiscal third quarter. We estimated the fair value of the tradenames using the relief-from-royalty method, which uses several significant assumptions, including revenue projections that consider historical and estimated future results, general economic and market conditions, as well as the impact of planned business and operational strategies. The following estimates and assumptions were also used in the relief-from-royalty method: 
 Royalty rates between 2 and 4 based on market observed royalty rates and profit split analysis; and 
 Discount rates between 12 and 13 based on the required rate of return for the tradename assets. 
 Based on our evaluation, we concluded that the Vought tradename had a fair value of 195.8 million (Level 3) compared to a carrying value of 425.0 million . Accordingly, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the quarter ended December 31, 2015, of 229.2 million , which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets". The decline in fair value compared to carrying value of the Vought tradename is the result of declining revenues from production rate reductions and the slower than previously projected ramp in Bombardier Global 7000/8000 and the timing of associated earnings. 
 During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, we performed our annual assessment of fair value on our indefinite-lived intangible assets. We estimated the fair value of the tradenames using the relief-from-royalty method, which uses several significant assumptions, including revenue projections that consider historical and estimated future results, general economic and market conditions, as well as the impact of planned business and operational strategies. The following estimates and assumptions were also used in the relief-from-royalty method: 
 Royalty rates between 2 and 4 based on market observed royalty rates and profit split analysis; and 
 Discount rate of 14 based on the required rate of return for the tradename assets, which increased from our interim assessment driven by increased risk due to continued declines in stock price and related market multiples for stock price to EBITDA of both the Company and our peer group and increased interest rates. 
 Based on our evaluation of indefinite-lived assets, including the tradenames, we concluded that the Vought and Embee tradenames had a fair value of 163.0 million (Level 3) compared to a carrying value of 209.2 million . The decline in fair value compared to carrying value of the tradenames is the result of the increase in discount rate during the fourth quarter, which required the Company to assess whether events and/or circumstances have changed regarding the indefinite-life conclusion. Accordingly, we revalued both the tradenames as if these intangible assets were no longer indefinite and recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, of 46.2 million , which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets". 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, as part of the Company's annual assessment, the Company determined that the remaining estimated useful life for the Vought tradename should be reduced from a useful life of 20 years to a useful life of 10 years, as it better represents the expected period of benefit to the Company's financial performance. 
 
 26 

 Table of Contents 

In the event of significant loss of revenues and related earnings associated with the Vought tradename, further impairment charges may be required, which would adversely affect our operating results. 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, we settled a strike and agreed to a new collective bargaining agreement with our union employees with IAM District 751 at our Spokane, Washington facility which had expired during the quarter, resulting in a charge of 15.7 million due to disruption costs. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Company ratified a collective bargaining agreement with its union employees with United Autoworkers of America and its Local Union 848 at its Red Oak, Texas facility. 
 Subsequent to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Company ratified a collective bargaining agreement with its union employees with United Autoworkers of America and its Local Union 952 at its Tulsa, Oklahoma facility. 
 As of March 31, 2018 , none of the Company's collectively bargained workforce are working under contracts that are expired or will expire within one year. Upon the expiration of a contract, we may become unable to negotiate a contract with a workforce, therefore our operations may be disrupted and we may be prevented from completing production and delivery of products from those facilities, which would negatively impact our results. Contingency plans have been developed that would allow production to continue in the event of a strike. 
 In February 2017, the Company sold Triumph Air Repair, the Auxiliary Power Unit Overhaul Operations of Triumph Aviations Services - Asia, Ltd. and Triumph Engines - Tempe ("Engines and APU") for total cash proceeds of 60.4 million . As a result, the Company recognized a loss of 14.3 million on the sale which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Loss on divestitures" and is included in Corporate. The transaction closed during the quarter ended June 30, 2017. The operating results of Engines and APU were included in Product Support through the date of disposal. An option to purchase the repair part line from Triumph Aviation Services - Asia, Ltd. was executed by the buyer of Engines and APU in May 2018 for total cash proceeds of 17.8 million . This transaction is expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2019 and is expected to result in a gain. The related assets and liabilities are shown as held for sale in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In September 2016, the Company sold all of the shares of Triumph Aerospace Systems-Newport News, Inc. ("TAS-Newport News") for total cash proceeds of 9.0 million . As a result of the sale of TAS-Newport News, the Company recognized a loss of 4.9 million on the sale which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Loss on divestitures" and is included in Corporate. The operating results of TAS-Newport News were included in Integrated Systems through the date of disposal. 
 On May 10, 2018, the Company issued a press release summarizing its results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. These unaudited results included a net loss for the fiscal year of 419.4) million, or 8.48) per share. As part of the preparation of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Company recorded additional deferred tax valuation allowance related to changes in estimates from the impact of income tax reform. Accordingly, the net loss for the fiscal year was adjusted to 425.4) million, or 8.60) per share. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following includes a discussion of our consolidated and business segment results of operations. The Company's diverse structure and customer base do not provide for precise comparisons of the impact of price and volume changes to our results. However, we have disclosed the significant variances between the respective periods. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We prepare and publicly release quarterly unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with the SEC guidance and the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations, we also disclose and discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in our public filings and press releases. Currently, the non-GAAP financial measure that we disclose is Adjusted EBITDA, which is our (loss) income from continuing operations before interest, income taxes, amortization of acquired contract liabilities, curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives and depreciation and amortization. We disclose Adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated and a reportable segment basis in our earnings releases, investor conference calls and filings with the SEC. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Also, in the future, we may disclose different non-GAAP financial measures in order to help our investors more meaningfully evaluate and compare our future results of operations to our previously reported results of operations. 
 We view Adjusted EBITDA as an operating performance measure and, as such, we believe that the GAAP financial measure most directly comparable to it is (loss) income from continuing operations. In calculating Adjusted EBITDA, we exclude from (loss) income from continuing operations the financial items that we believe should be separately identified to provide additional analysis of the financial components of the day-to-day operation of our business. We have outlined below the type and scope of these exclusions and the material limitations on the use of these non-GAAP financial measures as a result of these exclusions. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as a measure of liquidity, as an alternative to net (loss) income, (loss) income from continuing operations, or as an indicator of any other measure of performance derived in accordance with GAAP. Investors and potential investors in our securities should not rely on Adjusted EBITDA as a substitute for any GAAP financial measure, including net (loss) income or (loss) income from continuing operations. In addition, we urge investors and potential investors in our securities to carefully review the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to (loss) income from continuing operations set forth below, in our earnings releases and in other filings with the SEC and to carefully review the GAAP financial information included as part of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Annual Reports on Form 10-K that are filed with the SEC, as well as our quarterly earnings releases, and compare the GAAP financial information with our Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is used by management to internally measure our operating and management performance and by investors as a supplemental financial measure to evaluate the performance of our business that, when viewed with our GAAP results and the accompanying reconciliation, we believe provides additional information that is useful to gain an understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business. We have spent more than 20 years expanding our product and service capabilities partially through acquisitions of complementary businesses. Due to the expansion of our operations, which included acquisitions, our (loss) income from continuing operations has included significant charges for depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA excludes these charges and provides meaningful information about the operating performance of our business, apart from charges for depreciation and amortization. We believe the disclosure of Adjusted EBITDA helps investors meaningfully evaluate and compare our performance from quarter to quarter and from year to year. We also believe Adjusted EBITDA is a measure of our ongoing operating performance because the isolation of non-cash charges, such as depreciation and amortization, and non-operating items, such as interest and income taxes, provides additional information about our cost structure, and, over time, helps track our operating progress. In addition, investors, securities analysts and others have regularly relied on Adjusted EBITDA to provide a financial measure by which to compare our operating performance against that of other companies in our industry. 
 Set forth below are descriptions of the financial items that have been excluded from our (loss) income from continuing operations to calculate Adjusted EBITDA and the material limitations associated with using this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to (loss) income from continuing operations: 
 
 Divestitures may be useful for investors to consider because they reflect gains or losses from sale of operating units. We do not believe these earnings necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash earnings related to our operations. 
 
 Legal settlements may be useful for investors to consider because it reflects gains or losses from disputes with third parties. We do not believe these earnings necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash earnings related to our operations. 
 
 28 

 Table of Contents 

Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives may be useful for investors to consider because it represents the current period impact of the change in the defined benefit obligation due to the reduction in future service costs as well as the incremental cost of retirement incentive benefits paid to participants. We do not believe these earnings necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash earnings related to our operations. 
 
 Amortization of acquired contract liabilities may be useful for investors to consider because it represents the non-cash earnings on the fair value of off-market contracts acquired through acquisitions. We do not believe these earnings necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash earnings related to our operations. 
 
 Amortization expense (including intangible asset impairments) may be useful for investors to consider because it represents the estimated attrition of our acquired customer base and the diminishing value of product rights and licenses. We do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure. 
 
 Depreciation may be useful for investors to consider because it generally represents the wear and tear on our property and equipment used in our operations. We do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure. 
 
 The amount of interest expense and other we incur may be useful for investors to consider and may result in current cash inflows or outflows. However, we do not consider the amount of interest expense and other to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business. 
 
 Income tax expense may be useful for investors to consider because it generally represents the taxes which may be payable for the period and the change in deferred income taxes during the period and may reduce the amount of funds otherwise available for use in our business. However, we do not consider the amount of income tax expense to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business. 
 Management compensates for the above-described limitations of using non-GAAP measures by using a non-GAAP measure only to supplement our GAAP results and to provide additional information that is useful to gain an understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business. 
 The following table shows our Adjusted EBITDA reconciled to our (loss) income from continuing operations for the indicated periods (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 Net Loss 
 
 (425,391) 

(42,952) 

(1,047,960) 
 Loss on divestitures 
 30,741 

19,124 

Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives 
 (25,722) 

(1,244) 
 Legal settlement charge (gain), net of expenses 

5,476 
 
 Amortization of acquired contract liabilities 
 (125,148) 
 
 (121,004) 
 
 (132,363) 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 693,595 

443,244 

1,052,116 
 
 Interest expense and other 
 99,442 

80,501 

68,041 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 (36,457) 
 
 19,340 

(111,187) 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 211,060 

398,253 

(167,121) 
 - Includes Impairment charges related to intangible assets 

29 

 Table of Contents 

The following tables show our Adjusted EBITDA by reportable segment reconciled to our operating income (loss) for the indicated periods (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 
 
 Total 
 
 Integrated Systems 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 
 Product Support 
 
 Corporate/ 
 Eliminations 
 Operating (loss) income 
 
 (362,406) 

187,205 

(492,457) 

45,702 

(102,856) 
 Loss on divestitures 
 30,741 

30,741 
 
 Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives 
 (25,722) 

(25,722) 
 Amortization of acquired contract liabilities 
 (125,148) 
 
 (38,293) 
 
 (86,855) 

Depreciation and amortization 
 693,595 

35,986 

649,013 

6,744 

1,852 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 211,060 

184,898 

69,701 

52,446 

(95,985) 
 - Includes Impairment charges related to intangible assets. 

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 
 
 Total 
 
 Integrated Systems 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 
 Product Support 
 
 Corporate/ 
 Eliminations 
 Operating income (loss) 
 
 56,889 

201,294 

(90,489) 

55,801 

(109,717) 
 Loss on divestitures 
 19,124 

19,124 
 
 Amortization of acquired contract liabilities 
 (121,004) 
 
 (36,760) 
 
 (84,244) 

Depreciation and amortization 
 443,244 

40,332 

392,414 

9,037 

1,461 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 398,253 

204,866 

217,681 

64,838 

(89,132) 
 - Includes Impairment charges related to intangible assets. 

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 
 
 Total 
 
 Integrated Systems 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 
 Product Support 
 
 Corporate/ 
 Eliminations 
 Operating (loss) income 
 
 (1,091,106) 

220,649 

(1,278,906) 

24,977 

(57,826) 
 Legal settlement gain, net 
 5,476 

(8,494) 
 
 12,070 

1,900 

Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives 
 (1,244) 

(1,244) 
 Amortization of acquired contract liabilities 
 (132,363) 
 
 (41,585) 
 
 (90,778) 

Depreciation and amortization 
 1,052,116 

42,486 

996,979 

11,009 

1,642 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 (167,121) 

213,056 

(360,635) 

37,886 

(57,428) 
 - Includes Impairment charges related to intangible assets. 

The fluctuations from period to period within the amounts of the components of the reconciliations above are discussed further below within Results of Operations. 
 
 30 

 Table of Contents 

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 compared to fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Net sales 
 
 3,198,951 

3,532,799 
 
 Segment operating (loss) income 
 
 (259,550) 

166,606 
 
 Corporate expense 
 (102,856) 
 
 (109,717) 
 Total operating (loss) income 
 (362,406) 
 
 56,889 
 
 Interest expense and other 
 99,442 

80,501 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (36,457) 
 
 19,340 
 
 Net loss 
 
 (425,391) 

(42,952) 

Net sales decreased by 333.8 million , or 9.4 , to 3.2 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , from 3.5 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . Organic sales adjusted for inter-segment sales decreased 218.4 million, or 6.4 . The divestitures of TAS-Newport News and Engines and APU contributed 110.5 million to the net sales decrease as compared to the prior fiscal year. Organic sales decreased primarily due to the completion of and continued rate reductions on certain Boeing and Gulfstream programs, along with the timing of deliveries on certain programs. These factors were partially offset by increased production on the 767/Tanker program. 
 Cost of sales decreased by 156.7 million , or 5.8 , to 2.5 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , from 2.7 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . Organic cost of sales adjusted for inter-segment sales decreased 69.4 million or 2.7 . The divestitures of TAS-Newport News, Embee and Engines and APU contributed 80.7 million to the cost of sales decrease as compared to the prior fiscal year. Organic gross margin for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , was 20.6 compared with 23.7 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . The gross margin for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, decreased compared to the comparable prior year period due to the completion of certain Boeing and Gulfstream programs as noted above. 
 Gross margin included net favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments on long-term contracts of 19.7 million . The favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments to operating income included gross favorable adjustments of 85.8 million and gross unfavorable adjustments of 66.2 million . Gross margins for fiscal 2017 included net favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments of 57.2 million , of which 131.4 million was related to the reduction of the previously recorded forward losses on the 747-8 program, partially offset by the correction of an immaterial error of 12.7 million. 
 Segment operating income decreased by 426.2 million , or 255.8 , to an operating loss of 259.6 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , from 166.6 million of operating income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . Organic operating income decreased 409.4 million or 275.5 . The divestitures of TAS-Newport News and Engines and APU contributed 16.7 million to the operating income decrease compared to the prior fiscal year. Organic operating income decreased for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, due to the decline in organic gross margin noted above and the previously mentioned goodwill impairment charge of 535.2 million . 
 Corporate operations incurred expenses of 102.9 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , as compared to 109.7 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . The corporate expenses included decreased consulting expense of 5.2 million, IT services of 3.1 million, restructuring of 3.0 million, offset by increased loss on divestitures of 11.6 million. 
 Interest expense and other increased by 18.9 million , or 23.5 , to 99.4 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , compared to 80.5 million , due to higher interest rates, the impairment of deferred financing fees due to the amendment to the Credit Facility and the extinguishment of the Term Loan of approximately 5.2 million and the unfavorable net change in foreign exchange rate gain/loss of approximately 7.6 million compared to the prior year period. 
 The income tax benefit was 36.5 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , reflecting an effective tax rate of 7.9 . The rate reflects an adjustment associated with the impairment charge recognized related to Aerospace Structures which was not deductible for tax purposes. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , the Company increased the valuation allowance against certain of its net deferred tax assets resulting in additional taxes of 15.6 million . The increase resulted from the net deferred tax assets generated from the current year temporary differences, the Tax Cuts and Job Act, and increase valuation allowance on certain foreign deferred tax assets. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

As of March 31, 2018, we have a valuation allowance against substantially all of our net deferred tax assets given the insufficient positive evidence to support the realization of our deferred tax assets. We intend to continue maintaining a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets until there is sufficient positive evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. A reduction in the valuation allowance could result in a significant decrease in income tax expense in the period that the release is recorded. However, the exact timing and amount of the reduction in our valuation allowance are unknown at this time and will be subject to the earnings level we achieve as well as our projected income in future periods. 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 compared to fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 
 Year Ended March 31, 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Net sales 
 
 3,532,799 

3,886,072 
 
 Segment operating income (loss) 
 
 166,606 

(1,033,280) 
 Corporate expenses 
 (109,717) 
 
 (57,826) 
 Total operating income (loss) 
 56,889 

(1,091,106) 
 Interest expense and other 
 80,501 

68,041 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 19,340 

(111,187) 
 Net loss 
 
 (42,952) 

(1,047,960) 

Net sales decreased by 353.3 million , or 9.1 , to 3.5 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , from 3.9 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . Organic sales adjusted for inter-segment sales decreased 359.9 million, or 8.9 . The acquisition of Fairchild offset by the divestitures of TAS-Newport News and Engines and APU contributed 6.6 million to net sales. Organic sales decreased due to production rate reductions by our customers on the 747-8, Gulfstream G450/G550, C-17 and A330 programs. 
 Cost of sales decreased by 907.5 million , or 25.2 , to 2.7 billion or the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , from 3.6 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . Organic cost of sales decreased 916.6 million or 25.0 . The acquisition of Fairchild offset by the divestitures of TAS-Newport News and Engines and APU contributed 9.1 million to cost of sales. Organic gross margin for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , was 23.0 compared with 6.5 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . The gross margin for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , increased in part due to the aforementioned settlement with Boeing, compared to the prior year which was impacted by provisions for forward losses of 561.2 million on the Bombardier and 747-8 programs. 
 Gross margin included net favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments on long-term contracts and provisions for forward losses as noted above 57.2 million). The favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments to operating income included gross favorable adjustments of 163.3 million and gross unfavorable adjustments of 106.1 million, of which 131.4 million was related to the reduction of the previously recorded forward losses associated with the 747-8 program and partially offset by the correction of an immaterial error in the amount of 12.7 million. Gross margins for fiscal 2016 included net unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments of 596.2 million, of which 561.2 million was related to provisions for forward losses on the Bombardier and 747-8 programs. 
 Segment operating income (loss) increased by 1.2 billion, or 116.1 , to 166.6 million of operating income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, from a 1.0 billion operating loss for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. Organic operating income increased 1.18 billion million or 114.8 . The acquisition of Fairchild offset by the divestitures of TAS-Newport News and Engines and APU contributed 18.5 million to operating income. The organic operating income increased for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 since the comparative prior year included the provisions for forward losses and gross margin changes noted above and the previously mentioned goodwill and tradename impairment charges. 
 Corporate operations incurred expenses of 109.7 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, as compared to 57.8 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. The increase in corporate expenses of 54.8 million or 99.6 , was due to the restructuring charges of 22.2 million and loss on the divestitures of 19.1 million. 
 Interest expense and other increased by 12.5 million, or 18.3 , to 80.5 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, compared to 68.0 million for the prior year due to increased average debt levels and higher interest rates. 
 The income tax expense was 19.3 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, reflecting an effective tax rate of (81.9) . The rate reflects an adjustment associated with the impairment charge recognized related to Aerospace Structures 
 
 32 

 Table of Contents 

which was not deductible for tax purposes. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, the Company reduced the valuation allowance against certain of its net deferred tax assets resulting in a benefit of 16.0 million. The reduction resulted from the net deferred tax liabilities generated from the current year temporary differences and the utilization of deferred tax assets associated with NOL carryforwards and R D credit carryforwards. 
 The income tax benefit for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, was 111.2 million and reflected the establishment of a valuation allowance of 155.8 million against net deferred tax assets. 
 Business Segment Performance 
 We report our financial performance based on the following three reportable segments: Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures, and Product Support. The Company's Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") utilizes Adjusted EBITDA as a primary measure of profitability to evaluate performance of its segments and allocate resources. 
 The results of operations among our reportable segments vary due to differences in competitors, customers, extent of proprietary deliverables and performance. The results of operations among our operating segments vary due to differences in competitors, customers, extent of proprietary deliverables and performance. For example, Integrated Systems, which generally includes proprietary products and/or arrangements where we become the primary source or one of a few primary sources to our customers, our unique manufacturing capabilities command a higher margin. Also OEMs are increasingly focusing on assembly activities while outsourcing more manufacturing and repair to third parties, and as a result, are less of a competitive force than in previous years. This compares to Aerospace Structures, which generally includes long-term sole-source or preferred supplier contracts and the success of these programs provides a strong foundation for our business and positions us well for future growth on new programs and new derivatives. In contrast, Product Support provides MRO services on components and accessories manufactured by third parties, with more diverse competition, including airlines, OEMs and other third-party service providers. In addition, variability in the timing and extent of customer requests performed in Product Support can provide for greater volatility and less predictability in revenue and earnings than that experienced in Integrated Systems, and Aerospace Structures segments. 
 Integrated Systems consists of the Company s operations that provides integrated solutions, including design, development and support of proprietary components, subsystems and systems, as well as production of complex assemblies using external designs. Capabilities include hydraulic, mechanical and electro-mechanical actuation, power and control; a complete suite of aerospace gearbox solutions, including engine accessory gearboxes and helicopter transmissions; active and passive heat exchange technology; fuel pumps, fuel metering units and Full Authority Digital Electronic Control fuel systems; hydro-mechanical and electromechanical primary and secondary flight controls; and a broad spectrum of surface treatment options. 
 Aerospace Structures consists of the Company s operations that supply commercial, business, regional and military manufacturers with large metallic and composite structures. Products include wings, wing boxes, fuselage panels, horizontal and vertical tails and sub-assemblies such as floor grids. Aerospace Structures also has the capability to engineer detailed structural designs in metal and composites. It also includes the Company s operations that produce close-tolerance parts primarily to customer designs and model-based definition, including a wide range of aluminum, hard metal and composite structure capabilities. Capabilities include complex machining, gear manufacturing, sheet metal fabrication, forming, advanced composite and interior structures, joining processes such as welding, autoclave bonding and conventional mechanical fasteners, and a variety of special processes, including: super plastic titanium forming, aluminum and titanium chemical milling and surface treatments. 
 Product Support consists of the Company s operations that provides full life cycle solutions for commercial, regional and military aircraft. The Company s extensive product and service offerings include full post-delivery value chain services that simplify the MRO supply chain. Through its line maintenance, component MRO and postproduction supply chain activities, Product Support is positioned to provide integrated planeside repair solutions globally. Capabilities include fuel tank repair, metallic and composite aircraft structures, nacelles, thrust reversers, interiors, auxiliary power units and a wide variety of pneumatic, hydraulic, fuel and mechanical accessories. 
 We currently generate a majority of our revenue from clients in the commercial aerospace industry, the military, the business jet industry and the regional airline industry. Our growth and financial results are largely dependent on continued demand for our products and services from clients in these industries. If any of these industries experiences a downturn, our clients in these sectors may conduct less business with us. The following table summarizes our net sales by end market by business segment. The loss of one or more of our major customers or an economic downturn in the commercial airline or the military and defense markets could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 33 

 Table of Contents 

Year Ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 Integrated Systems 

Commercial aerospace 
 16.6 

15.1 

13.8 
 
 Military 
 10.6 

10.2 

10.3 
 
 Business Jets 
 1.7 

1.7 

1.8 
 
 Regional 
 1.0 

1.0 

0.9 
 
 Non-aviation 
 0.8 

1.0 

1.0 
 
 Total Integrated Systems net sales 
 30.7 

29.0 

27.8 
 
 Aerospace Structures 

Commercial aerospace 
 33.9 

34.6 

36.2 
 
 Military 
 8.6 

10.2 

10.6 
 
 Business Jets 
 16.8 

15.6 

16.6 
 
 Regional 
 0.7 

0.5 

0.4 
 
 Non-aviation 
 0.7 

0.4 

0.4 
 
 Total Aerospace Structures net sales 
 60.7 

61.3 

64.2 
 
 Product Support 

Commercial aerospace 
 7.2 

7.5 

6.1 
 
 Military 
 0.9 

1.5 

1.4 
 
 Regional 
 0.5 

0.7 

0.5 
 
 Non-aviation 

Total Product Support net sales 
 8.6 

9.7 

8.0 
 
 Total Consolidated net sales 
 100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

We continue to experience a higher proportion of our sales mix in the commercial aerospace end market for Integrated Systems and Aerospace Structures due to the 737, 777 and 787 programs. We have experienced a decline in the commercial aerospace end market for Aerospace Structures due to lower production rates of the 747-8 and a decrease in our military end market due to the wind-down of the C-17 program. 
 
 34 

 Table of Contents 

Business Segment Performance Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 compared to fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 

Year Ended March 31, 

Change 
 
 of Total Sales 

2018 
 
 2017 

2018 
 
 2017 

(in thousands) 

NET SALES 

Integrated Systems 

986,351 

1,040,805 

(5.2) 
 
 30.8 

29.5 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 
 1,954,729 

2,172,768 

(10.0) 
 
 61.1 

61.5 
 
 Product Support 
 
 281,913 

338,325 

(16.7) 
 
 8.8 

9.6 
 
 Elimination of inter-segment sales 
 
 (24,042) 
 
 (19,099) 
 
 25.9 

(0.7) 
 
 (0.6) 
 Total net sales 
 
 3,198,951 

3,532,799 

(9.4) 
 
 100.0 

100.0 

Year Ended March 31, 

Change 
 
 of Segment 
 Sales 

2018 
 
 2017 

2018 
 
 2017 

(in thousands) 

SEGMENT OPERATING (LOSS) INCOME 

Integrated Systems 

187,205 

201,294 

(7.0) 
 
 19.0 

19.3 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 
 (492,457) 
 
 (90,489) 
 
 (444.2) 
 
 (25.2) 
 
 (4.2) 
 Product Support 
 
 45,702 

55,801 

(18.1) 
 
 16.2 

16.5 
 
 Corporate 
 
 (102,856) 
 
 (109,717) 
 
 6.3 

n/a 

n/a 
 
 Total segment operating (loss) income 
 
 (362,406) 
 
 56,889 

737.0 

(11.3) 
 
 1.6 

Year Ended March 31, 

Change 
 
 of Segment 
 Sales 

2018 
 
 2017 

2018 
 
 2017 

(in thousands) 

Adjusted EBITDA 

Integrated Systems 

184,898 

204,866 

(9.7) 
 
 18.7 

19.7 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 
 69,701 

217,681 

68.0 

3.6 

10.0 
 
 Product Support 
 
 52,446 

64,838 

(19.1) 
 
 18.6 

19.2 
 
 Corporate 
 
 (95,985) 
 
 (89,132) 
 
 (7.7) 
 
 n/a 

n/a 

211,060 

398,253 

47.0 

6.6 

11.3 

Integrated Systems: Integrated Systems net sales decreased by 54.5 million , or 5.2 , to 986.4 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , from 1.04 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . Organic sales decreased by 21.6 million, or 2.2 . The divestitures of TAS-Newport News and Embee contributed 32.9 million in sales. Organic sales declined primarily due to rate reductions on A380 and 777 programs and timing of deliveries on other key commercial and military programs, partially offset by increased sales on 737 program. 
 Integrated Systems cost of sales decreased by 31.7 million , or 4.6 , to 657.0 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , from 688.7 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . Organic cost of sales decreased by 10.3 million, or 1.6 , while the divestitures of TAS-Newport News and Embee contributed 21.4 million to cost of sales. Organic gross margin for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , was 33.5 compared with 33.9 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . 
 Integrated Systems operating income decreased by 14.1 million , or 7.0 , to 187.2 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , from 201.3 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . Organic operating income decreased 10.2 million, or 5.2 , while the divestitures of TAS-Newport News and Embee contributed 3.9 million to operating income. 
 
 35 

 Table of Contents 

Organic operating income decreased due to the decreased sales noted above. These same factors contributed to the decrease in Adjusted EBITDA year over year. 
 Integrated Systems operating income as a percentage of segment sales decreased to 19.0 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , as compared with 19.3 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . 
 Aerospace Structures: Aerospace Structures net sales decreased by 218.0 million , or 10.0 , to 2.0 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , from 2.2 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . Sales decreased primarily due to the completion of and continued rate reductions on certain Boeing and Gulfstream programs and partially offset by rate increases on 767/Tanker and Global Hawk/Triton programs. 
 Aerospace Structures cost of sales decreased by 81.5 million , or 4.6 , to 1.69 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , from 1.77 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . The cost of sales were negatively impacted by the decreased sales as noted above. 
 Gross margin for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , was 13.4 compared with 18.3 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . The decreased gross margin is due to change in product mix. The gross margin included net favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments of 19.7 million . The net favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments included gross favorable adjustments of 85.8 million and gross unfavorable adjustments of 66.2 million . The net unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustment for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, was 57.2 million . 
 Aerospace Structures operating loss increased by 402.0 million , or 444.2 , to 492.5 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , from a loss of 90.5 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . The increased operating loss for the fiscal year ended is due to the aforementioned goodwill impairment charge of 535.2 million . The Adjusted EBITDA decreased for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, due to the decreased sales noted above. 
 Aerospace Structures operating loss as a percentage of segment sales increased to 25.2 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , as compared with 4.2 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , due to the goodwill impairment charge discussed above. The Adjusted EBITDA margin decline was also affected by the decreased gross margin noted above. 
 Product Support: Product Support net sales decreased by 56.4 million , or 16.7 , to 281.9 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , from 338.3 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . Organic sales increased 21.2 million or 8.4 and the divestiture of Engines and APU contributed 77.6 million to the prior year period. Organic sales increased due to increased demand from OEM customers. 
 Product Support cost of sales decreased by 38.5 million , or 15.7 , to 207.4 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , from 245.9 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . Organic cost of sales increased 20.7 million, or 11.5 , and the divestiture of Engines and APU contributed 59.2 million to the prior year period. Organic cost of sales increased for the current year period due to the increased sales noted above. Organic gross margin for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , was 26.7 compared with 28.7 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . The gross margin decreased for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, due to sales mix. 
 Product Support operating income decreased by 10.1 million , or 18.1 , to 45.7 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , from 55.8 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . Organic operating income increased 2.8 million, or 6.6 and the divestiture of Engines and APU contributed 12.9 million compared to the prior year period. Organic operating income increased due to sales factors as noted above. The Adjusted EBITDA year over year, decreased due to the divestiture of Engines and APU, as noted above. 
 Product Support operating income as a percentage of segment sales decreased to 16.2 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , as compared with 16.5 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , due to changes to gross margin noted above. The same factors contributed to the decrease in Adjusted EBITDA margin year over year. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Business Segment Performance Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 compared to fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 

Year Ended March 31, 

Change 
 
 of Total Sales 

2017 
 
 2016 

2017 
 
 2016 

(in thousands) 

NET SALES 

Integrated Systems 

1,040,805 

1,094,703 

(4.9) 
 
 29.5 

28.2 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 
 2,172,768 

2,500,679 

(13.1) 
 
 61.5 

64.3 
 
 Product Support 
 
 338,325 

311,394 

8.6 

9.6 

8.0 
 
 Elimination of inter-segment sales 
 
 (19,099) 
 
 (20,704) 
 
 (7.8) 
 
 (0.6) 
 
 (0.5) 
 Total net sales 

3,532,799 

3,886,072 

(9.1) 
 
 100.0 

100.0 

Year Ended March 31, 

Change 
 
 of Segment 
 Sales 

2017 
 
 2016 

2017 
 
 2016 

(in thousands) 

SEGMENT OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 

Integrated Systems 

201,294 

220,649 

(8.8) 
 
 19.3 
 
 20.2 
 Aerospace Structures 
 
 (90,489) 
 
 (1,278,906) 
 
 N/M 
 
 (4.2) 
 
 (51.1) 
 Product Support 
 
 55,801 

24,977 

123.4 
 
 16.5 
 
 8.0 
 Corporate 
 
 (109,717) 
 
 (57,826) 
 
 89.7 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 Total segment operating income (loss) 

56,889 

(1,091,106) 
 
 (105.2) 
 
 1.6 
 
 (28.1) 

Year Ended March 31, 

Change 
 
 of Segment 
 Sales 

2017 
 
 2016 

2017 
 
 2016 

(in thousands) 

Adjusted EBITDA 

Integrated Systems 

204,866 

213,056 

(3.8) 
 
 19.7 

19.5 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 
 217,681 

(360,635) 
 
 N/M 
 
 10.0 

(14.4) 
 Product Support 
 
 64,838 

37,886 

71.1 

19.2 

12.2 
 
 Corporate 
 
 (89,132) 
 
 (57,428) 
 
 55.2 

n/a 

n/a 

398,253 

(167,121) 
 
 (338.3) 
 
 11.4 

(4.3) 

Integrated Systems: Integrated Systems net sales decreased by 53.9 million , or 4.9 , to 1.04 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , from 1.1 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . Organic sales decreased by 66.8 million, or 6.3 , due to decreased sales in the rotocraft market and the spares aftermarket and were impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates primarily due to changes in the British pound sterling of approximately 16.2 million. The acquisition of Fairchild offset by the divestiture of TAS-Newport News contributed 12.9 million in sales. 
 Integrated Systems cost of sales decreased by 40.3 million , or 5.5 , to 688.7 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , from 729.1 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . Organic cost of sales decreased by 48.5 million, or 6.9 . While the acquisition of Fairchild offset by the divestiture of TAS-Newport News contributed 8.2 million to cost of sales. Organic gross margin for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, was 33.9 compared with 33.5 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . 
 Integrated Systems segment operating income decreased by 19.4 million , or 8.8 , to 201.3 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , from 220.6 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . Organic operating income decreased 22.0 million, or 10.1 , while the acquisition of Fairchild offset by the divestiture of TAS-Newport News contributed 2.6 million to operating income. Operating income decreased due to the decreased sales noted above and the prior year included 
 
 37 

 Table of Contents 

the net favorable settlement of a contingent liability of 8.5 million. These same factors contributed to the decrease in Adjusted EBITDA year over year. 
 Integrated Systems segment operating income as a percentage of segment sales increased to 19.3 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , as compared with 20.2 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . 
 Aerospace Structures: Aerospace Structures net sales decreased by 327.9 million , or 13.1 , to 2.17 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , from 2.50 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . Sales decreased primarily due to production rate reductions by our customers on the 747-8, Gulfstream G450/550, A330 and C-17 programs and partially offset by rate increases on 767/Tanker program. 
 Aerospace Structures cost of sales decreased by 870.9 million , or (32.9) , to 1.77 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , from 3 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . The cost of sales were impacted by the reduction to the previously recognized forward losses on the 747-8 program of 131.4 million, offset by the decreased sales as noted above and by provisions for forward losses of 38.6 million mainly on the high altitude long endurance unmanned aircraft system ("UAS") and A350 programs. The fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, included a provision for forward losses of 561.2 million on the Bombardier and 747-8 programs. 
 Gross margin for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , was 20.3 compared with (23.9) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . The gross margin included net favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments, including reductions to previously recorded provisions for forward losses of 131.4 million. The net favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments included gross favorable adjustments of 163.3 million and gross unfavorable adjustments of 106.1 million. The net unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustment for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, was 596.2 million. 
 Aerospace Structures operating loss decreased by 1.19 billion , or (92.9) , to 90.5 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , from 1.28 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . Operating loss improved for the year ended March 31, 2017, since the prior year included a provision for forward losses and the gross margin changes noted above and the previously mentioned goodwill and tradename impairment charges. Additionally, the provision for forward losses and gross margin changes noted above contributed to the increase in Adjusted EBITDA year over year. 
 Aerospace Structures operating loss as a percentage of segment sales decreased to (4.2) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , as compared with (51.1) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 , due to the increase in gross margin as discussed above, which also caused the improvement in the Adjusted EBITDA margin. 
 Product Support: Product Support net sales increased by 26.9 million , or 8.6 , to 338.3 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , from 311.4 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . Organic sales increased 33.2 million or 13.1 and the divestiture of the Engines and APU contributed 6.3 million to the prior year period. Organic sales increased due to key wins with regional jet and commercial operators for components and accessories. 
 Product Support cost of sales increased by 2.2 million , or 0.9 , to 245.9 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , from 243.7 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . Organic cost of sales increased 19.4 million, or 10.4 and the divestiture of the Engines and APU contributed 17.2 million to the prior year period. Organic cost of sales increased for the current year period due to the increased sales noted above compared to the prior year period which was impacted by the impairment of excess and obsolete inventory associated with certain slow moving programs we decided to no longer support 21.1 million). Organic gross margin for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, was 27.7 compared with 25.9 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. 
 Product Support operating income decreased by 30.8 million , or 123.4 , to 55.8 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , from 25.0 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . Organic operating income increased 15.0 million, or 46.8 and the divestiture of the Engines and APU contributed 15.8 million compared to the prior year period. Organic operating income increased due to sales factors as noted above and the prior year period included an increase to the bad debt reserve resulting from an international customer's declaration of bankruptcy 1.1 million). These same factors contributed to the increase in Adjusted EBITDA year over year. 
 Product Support operating income as a percentage of segment sales decreased to 16.5 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , as compared with 8.0 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 , due to the increased sales and changes to gross margin noted above. The same factors contributed to the increase in Adjusted EBITDA margin year over year. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our working capital needs are generally funded through cash flow from operations and borrowings under our credit arrangements. During the year ended March 31, 2018 , we used approximately 288.9 million of cash flow from operating activities, received approximately 38.2 million from investing activities and received approximately 213.6 million in financing activities. 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , we had a net cash outflow of 288.9 million from operating activities, an decrease of 570.4 million , compared to a net cash inflow of 281.5 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . During fiscal 2018 , the net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to decreased receipts from customers 873.1 million), offset by the timing of payments on accounts payable and other accrued expenses driven by decreased pre-production costs, and net spending on the G280 and G650 Programs 407.2 million). 
 We continue to invest in inventory for new programs which impacts our cash flows from operating activities. During fiscal 2018 expenditures for inventory costs on new programs, excluding progress payments, including the Bombardier Global 7000/8000 and the Embraer E-Jet programs, were 384.9 million and 35.1 million , respectively. Additionally, inventory for mature programs declined due to decreased production rates and the utilization of build ahead inventory, by approximately 144.4 million. Unliquidated progress payments netted against inventory increased 162.5 million due to timing of receipts and resolution of open assertions. 
 Cash flows provided by investing activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , increased 3.9 million from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . Cash flows provided by investing activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 included cash from the divestitures of TS-LI and Embee of 83.1 million offset by capital expenditures of 42.1 million . Cash flows used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 included cash from the divestitures of TAS - Newport News and Engines and APU of 86.2 million, offset by capital expenditures of 51.8 million. 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , were 213.6 million , compared to cash flows used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , of 266.5 million . Cash flows provided by financing activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 included the issuance of our Senior Notes due 2025 of 500.0 million, offset by repayment of the 2013 Term Loan of 302.3 million, payment of financing fees 17.7 million and additional borrowings on our Credit Facility (as defined below). 
 As of March 31, 2018 , 656.5 million was available under the Company's existing credit agreement ("Credit Facility"). On March 31, 2018 , an aggregate amount of approximately 112.9 million in outstanding borrowings and approximately 30.6 million in letters of credit were outstanding under the Credit Facility, all of which were accruing interest at LIBOR plus applicable basis points totaling 2.00 per annum. Amounts repaid under the Credit Facility may be reborrowed. 
 In July 2017, the Company entered into a Ninth Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Ninth Amendment and the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by the Ninth Amendment, the Credit Agreement with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto to, among other things, (i) permit the Company to incur High Yield Indebtedness (as defined in the Credit Agreement) in an aggregate principal amount of up to 500.0 million , subject to the Company s obligations to apply the net proceeds from this offering to repay the outstanding principal amount of the term loans in full, (ii) limit the mandatory prepayment provisions to eliminate the requirement that net proceeds received from the incurrence of Permitted Indebtedness (as defined in the Credit Agreement), including the High Yield Indebtedness, be applied to reduce the revolving credit commitments once the revolving credit commitments have been reduced to 800.0 million , (iii) amend certain covenants and other terms and (iv) modify the current interest rate and letter of credit pricing tiers. 
 In connection with the amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Company incurred 0.6 million of financing costs. These costs, along with the 13.2 million of unamortized financing costs subsequent to the amendment, are being amortized over the remaining term of the Credit Agreement. In accordance with the reduction in the capacity of the Credit Agreement, the Company wrote-off a proportional amount of unamortized financing fees prior to the amendment. 
 In May 2017, the Company entered into an Eighth Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among the Company and its lenders to, among other things, (i) eliminate the total leverage ratio financial covenant, (ii) increase the maximum permitted senior secured leverage ratio financial covenant applicable to each fiscal quarter, commencing with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2017, and to revise the step-downs applicable to such financial covenant, (iii) reduce the aggregate principal amount of commitments under the revolving line of credit to 850.0 million from 1,000.0 million , (iv) modify the maturity date of the term loans so that all of the term loans will mature on March 31, 2019, and (v) establish a new higher pricing tier for the interest rate, commitment fee and letter of credit fee pricing provisions. 
 
 39 

 Table of Contents 

On March 28, 2016, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement ("Receivables Purchase Agreement") to sell certain accounts receivables to a financial institution without recourse. The Company was the servicer of the accounts receivable under the Receivables Purchase Agreement. Interest rates are based on LIBOR plus 0.65 - 0.70 . As of March 31, 2017, the Company sold 78.0 million , worth of eligible accounts receivable. The Company currently has no capacity under the Receivables Purchase Agreement to sell Accounts Receivable. 
 In November 2014, the Company amended its receivable securitization facility (the Securitization Facility ), increasing the purchase limit from 175.0 million to 225.0 million and extending the term through November 2017. 
 In May 2014, the Company amended its existing Credit Facility with its lenders to (i) to increase the maximum amount allowed for the Securitization Facility and (ii) amend certain other terms and covenants. 
 In November 2013, the Company amended the Credit Facility with its lenders to (i) provide for a 375.0 million Term Loan with a maturity date of May 14, 2019, (ii) maintain a Revolving Line of Credit under the Credit Facility to 0.8 billion and increase the accordion feature to 250.0 million , and (iii) amend certain other terms and covenants. The amendment resulted in a more favorable pricing grid and a more streamlined package of covenants and restrictions. 
 The level of unused borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility varies from time to time depending in part upon its compliance with financial and other covenants set forth in the related agreement. The Credit Facility contains certain affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on specified levels of indebtedness to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and interest coverage requirements, and includes limitations on, among other things, liens, mergers, consolidations, sales of assets, payment of dividends and incurrence of debt. As of March 31, 2018 , the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. 
 In August 2017, the Company issued 500.0 million principal amount of 7.750 Senior Notes due 2025 (the "2025 Notes"). The 2025 Notes were sold at 100 of principal amount and have an effective interest yield of 7.750 . Interest on the 2025 Notes accrues at the rate of 7.750 per annum and is payable semiannually in cash in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2018. We used the net proceeds to payoff the Term Loan and to reduce the outstanding balance of the Revolver. In connection with the issuance of the 2025 Notes, the Company incurred approximately 8.8 million of costs, which were deferred and are being amortized on the effective interest method over the term of the 2025 Notes. 
 In June 2014, the Company issued the 2022 Notes for 300.0 million in principal amount. The 2022 Notes were sold at 100 of principal amount and have an effective yield of 5.25 . Interest on the 2022 Notes is payable semiannually in cash in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year. We used the net proceeds to redeem the 2018 Notes and pay related fees and expenses. In connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes, the Company incurred approximately 5.0 million of costs, which were deferred and are being amortized on the effective interest method over the term of the notes. 
 In February 2013, the Company issued the 2021 Notes for 375.0 million in principal amount. The 2021 Notes were sold at 100 of principal amount and have an effective interest yield of 4.875 . Interest on the 2021 Notes is payable semiannually in cash in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year. We used the net proceeds to repay borrowings under our Credit Facility and pay related fees and expenses, and for general corporate purposes. In connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes, the Company incurred approximately 6.3 million of costs, which were deferred and are being amortized on the effective interest method over the term of the notes. 
 For further information on the Company's long-term debt, see Note 10 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, we had a net cash inflow of 281.5 million from operating activities, an increase of 197.7 million, compared to a net cash inflow of 83.9 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. During fiscal 2017, the net cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to increased receipts from customers 440.6 million), offset by the timing of payments on accounts payable and other accrued expenses driven by pre-production costs, net spending on the G280 and G650 Programs 286.2 million) and a 5.5 million payment related to a previously resolved legal settlement. 
 We continue to invest in inventory for new programs which impacts our cash flows from operating activities. During fiscal 2017 expenditures for inventory costs on new programs, excluding progress payments, including the Bombardier Global 7000/8000 and the Embraer E-Jet programs, were 183.3 million and 26.4 million, respectively. Net spend on the Tulsa Programs during fiscal 2017 was approximately 76.5 million. Additionally, inventory for mature programs declined due to decreased production rates, by approximately 82.9 million. Unliquidated progress payments netted against inventory increased 99.3 million due to timing of receipts. 
 
 40 

 Table of Contents 

Cash flows provided by investing activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 increased 162.4 million from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. Cash flows provided by investing activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 included cash from the divestitures of TAS - Newport News and Engines and APU 86.2 million) offset by capital expenditures 51.8 million). Cash flows used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 included cash used to fund the acquisition of Fairchild 57.1 million), and a payment to settle a working capital adjustment related to the acquisition of GE 6.0 million) and capital expenditures 80.0 million). 
 Cash flows used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 were 266.5 million, compared to cash flows provided by financing activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 of 32.5 million. Cash flows used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, included payments funded by our operations to our Credit Facility (as defined above). 
 Capital expenditures were 42.1 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 . We funded these expenditures through cash from operations and borrowings under the Credit Facility. We expect capital expenditures of approximately 50.0 million to 70.0 million for our fiscal year ending March 31, 2018. The expenditures are expected to be used mainly to expand capacity or replace old equipment at several facilities. 
 Our expected future cash flows for the next five years for long-term debt, leases and other obligations are as follows: 
 
 Payments Due by Period 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 
 Less than 
 1 Year 
 
 1 - 3 Years 
 
 4 - 5 Years 
 
 After 
 5 Years 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Debt principal (1) 
 
 1,455,233 

16,527 

134,094 

796,558 

508,054 
 
 Debt-interest (2) 
 359,535 

74,743 

147,785 

111,039 

25,968 
 
 Operating leases 
 134,225 

26,090 

40,478 

25,242 

42,415 
 
 Purchase obligations 
 1,797,258 

1,435,525 

267,503 

79,504 

14,726 
 
 Total 
 
 3,746,251 

1,552,885 

589,860 

1,012,343 

591,163 

_______________________________________________ 
 
 (1) 
 The maturities of the Term Loan reflected above are based on the maturities dates prior to the May 2017 amendment to the Credit Facility. 
 (2) 
 Includes fixed-rate interest only. 
 The above table excludes unrecognized tax benefits of 11.8 million as of March 31, 2018 , since we cannot predict with reasonable certainty the timing of cash settlements with the respective taxing authorities. 
 
 41 

 Table of Contents 

In addition to the financial obligations detailed in the table above, we also had obligations related to our benefit plans at March 31, 2018 , as detailed in the following table. Our other postretirement benefits are not required to be funded in advance, so benefit payments are paid as they are incurred. Our expected net contributions and payments are included in the table below: 
 
 Pension 
 Benefits 
 
 Other 
 Postretirement 
 Benefits 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Projected benefit obligation at March 31, 2018 
 
 2,277,816 

119,164 
 
 Plan assets at March 31, 2018 
 1,903,901 

Projected contributions by fiscal year 

2019 

11,731 
 
 2020 
 12,300 

11,295 
 
 2021 
 28,400 

11,003 
 
 2022 
 42,800 

10,522 
 
 2023 
 39,800 

9,955 
 
 Total 2019 - 2023 
 
 123,300 

54,506 

Current plan documents reserve our right to amend or terminate the plans at any time, subject to applicable collective bargaining requirements for represented employees. 
 We believe that cash generated by operations and borrowings under the Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet anticipated cash requirements for our current operations for the at least the next twelve months. 
 Loans under the Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company's option, by reference to a base rate or a rate based on LIBOR, in either case plus an applicable margin determined quarterly based on the Company's Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. The Company is also required to pay a quarterly commitment fee on the average daily unused portion of the Credit Facility for each fiscal quarter and fees in connection with the issuance of letters of credit. All outstanding principal and interest under the Credit Facility will be due and payable on the maturity date. 
 The Credit Facility contains representations, warranties, events of default and covenants customary for financings of this type, including, without limitation, financial covenants under which the Company is obligated to maintain on a consolidated basis, as of the end of each fiscal quarter, a certain minimum Interest Coverage Ratio and maximum Senior Leverage Ratio (in each case as defined in the Credit Facility). 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Critical accounting policies are those accounting policies that can have a significant impact on the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations, and that require the use of complex and subjective estimates based upon past experience and management's judgment. Because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ from these estimates. Below are those policies applied in preparing our consolidated financial statements that management believes are the most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions. For additional accounting policies, see Note 2 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 Trade receivables are presented net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. In determining the appropriate allowance, we consider a combination of factors, such as industry trends, our customers' financial strength and credit standing, and payment and default history. The calculation of the required allowance requires a judgment as to the impact of these and other factors on the ultimate realization of our trade receivables. We believe that these estimates are reasonable and historically have not resulted in material adjustments in subsequent periods when the estimates are adjusted to actual amounts. 
 Inventories 
 The Company records inventories at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value. Costs on long-term contracts and programs in progress represent recoverable costs incurred for production or contract-specific facilities and equipment, allocable operating overhead and advances to suppliers. Pursuant to contract provisions, agencies of the U.S. Government and certain other customers have title to, or a security interest in, inventories related to such contracts as a result of advances, performance-based payments, and progress payments. The Company reflects those advances and payments as an offset against the related 
 
 42 

 Table of Contents 

inventory balances. The Company expenses general and administrative costs related to products and services provided essentially under commercial terms and conditions as incurred. The Company determines the costs of inventories by the first-in, first-out or average cost methods. 
 Advance payments and progress payments received on contracts-in-process are first offset against related contract costs that are included in inventory, with any remaining amount reflected in current liabilities. 
 Work-in-process inventory includes capitalized pre-production costs. Company policy allows for the capitalization of pre-production costs after it establishes a contractual arrangement with a customer that explicitly states that the cost of recovery of pre-production costs is allowed. 
 Capitalized pre-production costs include nonrecurring engineering, planning and design, including applicable overhead, incurred before production is manufactured on a regular basis. Significant customer-directed work changes can also cause pre-production costs to be incurred (see Note 5 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for further discussion). 
 Revenue and Profit Recognition 
 Revenues are recognized in accordance with the contract terms when products are shipped, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, pricing is fixed or determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. 
 A significant portion of our contracts are within the scope of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 605-35, Revenue Recognition Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts , and revenue and costs on contracts are recognized using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. Accounting for the revenue and profit on a contract requires estimates of (1) the contract value or total contract revenue, (2) the total costs at completion, which is equal to the sum of the actual incurred costs to date on the contract and the estimated costs to complete the contract's scope of work and (3) the measurement of progress toward completion. Depending on the contract, we measure progress toward completion using either the cost-to-cost method or the units-of-delivery method, with the great majority measured under the units-of-delivery method. 
 
 Under the cost-to-cost method, progress toward completion is measured as the ratio of total costs incurred to our estimate of total costs at completion. We recognize costs as incurred. Profit is determined based on our estimated profit margin on the contract multiplied by our progress toward completion. Revenue represents the sum of our costs and profit on the contract for the period. 
 
 Under the units-of-delivery method, revenue on a contract is recorded as the units are delivered and accepted during the period at an amount equal to the contractual selling price of those units. The costs recorded on a contract under the units-of-delivery method are equal to the total costs at completion divided by the total units to be delivered. As our contracts can span multiple years, we often segment the contracts into production lots for the purposes of accumulating and allocating cost. Profit is recognized as the difference between revenue for the units delivered and the estimated costs for the units delivered. 
 Adjustments to original estimates for a contract's revenues, estimated costs at completion and estimated total profit are often required as work progresses under a contract, as experience is gained and as more information is obtained, even though the scope of work required under the contract may not change, or if contract modifications occur. These estimates are also sensitive to the assumed rate of production. Generally, the longer it takes to complete the contract quantity, the more relative overhead that contract will absorb. The impact of revisions in cost estimates is recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions are made. Provisions for anticipated losses on contracts are recorded in the period in which they become evident ("forward losses") and are first offset against costs that are included in inventory, with any remaining amount reflected in accrued contract liabilities in accordance with ASC 605-35. Revisions in contract estimates, if significant, can materially affect our results of operations and cash flows, as well as our valuation of inventory. Furthermore, certain contracts are combined or segmented for revenue recognition in accordance with ASC 605-35. 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , cumulative catch-up adjustments resulting from changes in contract values and estimated costs that arose during the fiscal year increased operating loss, net loss and earnings per share by approximately 19.7 million , 13.5 million and 0.27 , respectively. The cumulative catch-up adjustments to operating income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , included gross favorable adjustments of approximately 85.8 million and gross unfavorable adjustments of approximately 66.2 million . 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , cumulative catch-up adjustments resulting from changes in estimates increased operating loss, net loss and earnings per share by approximately 57.2 million , 52.6 million and 1.07 , respectively. The cumulative catch-up adjustments to operating income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , included gross favorable adjustments of approximately 163.3 million and gross unfavorable adjustments of approximately 106.1 million , which includes a reduction to the previously recognized forward losses of 131.4 million for the 747-8 program. 
 
 43 

 Table of Contents 

For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 , cumulative catch-up adjustments resulting from changes in estimates decreased operating income, net income and earnings per share by approximately 596.2 million , 539.0 million and 10.95 , respectively. The cumulative catch-up adjustments to operating income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 , included gross favorable adjustments of approximately 33.0 million and gross unfavorable adjustments of approximately 629.2 million which includes a provision for forward losses of 561.2 million on the Bombardier Global 7000/8000 ("Bombardier") and 747-8 programs. 
 Amounts representing contract change orders or claims are only included in revenue when such change orders or claims have been settled with our customer and to the extent that units have been delivered. Additionally, some contracts may contain provisions for revenue sharing, price re-determination, requests for equitable adjustments, change orders or cost and/or performance incentives. Such amounts or incentives are included in contract value when the amounts can be reliably estimated and their realization is reasonably assured. 
 Although fixed-price contracts, which extend several years into the future, generally permit us to keep unexpected profits if costs are less than projected, we also bear the risk that increased or unexpected costs may reduce our profit or cause the Company to sustain losses on the contract. In a fixed-price contract, we must fully absorb cost overruns, notwithstanding the difficulty of estimating all of the costs we will incur in performing these contracts and in projecting the ultimate level of revenue that may otherwise be achieved. 
 As previously disclosed, we recognized a provision for forward losses associated with our long-term contract on the 747-8 and Bombardier programs. T here is still risk similar to what we have experienced on the 747-8 and Bombardier programs. Particularly, our ability to manage risks related to supplier performance, execution of cost reduction strategies, hiring and retaining skilled production and management personnel, quality and manufacturing execution, program schedule delays and many other risks, will determine the ultimate performance of these long-term programs. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 The Company accounts for purchased goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other . Under ASC 350, purchased goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized; rather, they are tested for impairment on at least an annual basis. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their useful lives. Upon acquisition, critical estimates are made in valuing acquired intangible assets, which include but are not limited to: future expected cash flows from customer contracts, customer lists, and estimating cash flows from projects when completed; tradename and market position, as well as assumptions about the period of time that customer relationships will continue; and discount rates. Management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from the assumptions used in determining the fair values. 
 The Company's operating segments of Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures and Product Support are also its reporting units. The Chief Executive Officer is the Company's Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM"). The Company's CODM evaluates performance and allocates resources based upon review of segment information. Each of the operating segments is composed of a number of operating units which are considered to be components. The components, for which discrete financial information exists, are aggregated for purposes of goodwill impairment testing into three reporting units. The Company's acquisition strategy is to acquire companies that complement and enhance the capabilities of the operating segments of the Company. Each acquisition is assigned to either the Integrated Systems reporting unit, the Aerospace Structures reporting unit or the Product Support reporting unit. The goodwill that results from each acquisition is also assigned to the reporting unit to which the acquisition is allocated, because it is that reporting unit which is intended to benefit from the synergies of the acquisition. 
 The Company assesses whether goodwill impairment exists using both the qualitative and quantitative assessments. The qualitative assessment involves determining whether events or circumstances exist that indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. If based on this qualitative assessment the Company determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or if the Company elects not to perform a qualitative assessment, a quantitative assessment is performed as required by ASC 350 to determine whether a goodwill impairment exists at the reporting unit. 
 The quantitative test is used to compare the carrying amount of the reporting unit's assets to the fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is required and no impairment loss is recognized. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, then an impairment loss occurs. The impairment is measured by using the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value not to exceed the amount of recorded goodwill. The determination of the fair value of our reporting units is based, among other things, on estimates of future operating performance of the reporting unit 
 
 44 

 Table of Contents 

being valued. We are required to complete an impairment test for goodwill and record any resulting impairment losses at least annually. Changes in market conditions, among other factors, may have an impact on these estimates and require interim impairment assessments. 
 When performing the quantitative impairment test, the Company's methodology includes the use of an income approach which discounts future net cash flows to their present value at a rate that reflects the Company's cost of capital, otherwise known as the discounted cash flow method ("DCF"). These estimated fair values are based on estimates of future cash flows of the businesses. Factors affecting these future cash flows include the continued market acceptance of the products and services offered by the businesses, the development of new products and services by the businesses and the underlying cost of development, the future cost structure of the businesses, and future technological changes. The Company also incorporates market multiples for comparable companies in determining the fair value of our reporting units. Any such impairment would be recognized in full in the reporting period in which it has been identified. The Company early adopted Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2017-04, which eliminates Step 2 of the goodwill impairment analysis (see Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements below). 
 Consistent with the Company's policy described here, the Company performs an annual assessment in its fiscal fourth quarter and on an interim basis upon the occurrence of events or substantive changes in circumstances that indicate a reporting unit's carrying value may be less than its fair value. The Company performed an interim assessment of the fair value of its goodwill due to the Company's decision to combine the Aerospace Structures and Precision Components reporting segments into one reporting segment as noted above. In accordance with ASC 350-20-35-3C, there are several potential events and circumstances that could be indicators of goodwill impairment. A change in a company's reporting unit structure is one of these events, and when this does occur, a company must perform a "before and after" test of the reporting units (see Note 1). Additionally, the Company's enhanced visibility into its future cash flows based on its annual planning process was also an indicator. Consistent with the Company's policy, it performed the goodwill impairment test which includes using a combination of both the market and income approaches to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. 
 After performing the "before" portion of the test of the reporting units, the Company concluded that the former Precision Components' reporting unit had a fair value that was lower than its carrying value by an amount of 190.2 million . Accordingly, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2017 of 190.2 million , which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets . The decline in fair value is the result of declining revenues from production rate reductions on sun-setting programs and the slower than previously projected ramp in our development programs and the timing of associated earnings and cash flows. 
 The Company then performed the "after" portion of the test of the reporting units and concluded that the new reporting unit of Aerospace Structures' goodwill had a fair value that was lower than its carrying value by an amount that exceeded the remaining goodwill for the reporting unit. Following the applicable accounting guidance, this impairment charge is deemed to have occurred during the Company's fiscal fourth quarter. Therefore, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018, of 345.0 million , which is presented on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. The decline in fair value is the result of declining revenues from sustained production rate reductions and sun-setting programs and the slower than previously projected ramp in our development programs and the timing of associated earnings and cash flows (See Note 2 for definition of fair value levels). The assessment for the Company's Integrated Systems and Product Support reporting units indicated that their fair value exceeded their carrying amounts. 
 In the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, consistent with the Company's policy described here within, the Company performed its annual assessment of the fair value of goodwill. The Company concluded that the goodwill related to the Aerospace Structures reporting unit was impaired as of the annual testing date. The Company concluded that the reporting unit had a fair value that was lower than its carrying value by an amount that exceed the remaining goodwill for the reporting unit. Accordingly, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, of 266.3 million , which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets . The decline in fair value is the result of declining revenues from production rate reductions on sun-setting programs and the slower than previously projected ramp in our development programs and the timing of associated earnings and cash flows (see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for definition of fair value levels). 
 
 45 

 Table of Contents 

Prior to adoption of ASU 2017-04, the Company used the quantitative assessment to perform the two-step approach required by ASC 350 to determine whether a goodwill impairment exists at the reporting unit. 
 The first step of the quantitative test is to compare the carrying amount of the reporting unit's assets to the fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further work is required and no impairment loss is recognized. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, then the second step is required to be completed, which involves allocating the fair value of the reporting unit to each asset and liability, with the excess being applied to goodwill. An impairment loss occurs if the amount of the recorded goodwill exceeds the implied goodwill. The determination of the fair value of our reporting units is based, among other things, on estimates of future operating performance of the reporting unit being valued. We are required to complete an impairment test for goodwill and record any resulting impairment losses at least annually. Changes in market conditions, among other factors, may have an impact on these estimates and require interim impairment assessments. 
 When performing the two-step quantitative impairment test, the Company's methodology includes the use of an income approach which discounts future net cash flows to their present value at a rate that reflects the Company's cost of capital, otherwise known as the discounted cash flow method ("DCF"). These estimated fair values are based on estimates of future cash flows of the businesses. Factors affecting these future cash flows include the continued market acceptance of the products and services offered by the businesses, the development of new products and services by the businesses and the underlying cost of development, the future cost structure of the businesses, and future technological changes. The Company also incorporates market multiples for comparable companies in determining the fair value of our reporting units. Any such impairment would be recognized in full in the reporting period in which it has been identified. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company performed the quantitative assessment for all three of the Company's former reporting units, which indicated that the fair value of goodwill for the former Aerospace Structures reporting unit did not exceed its carrying amount, resulting in a 597.6 million impairment of goodwill to the former Aerospace Structures reporting unit. 
 As of March 31, 2018 , the Company had a 150.0 million indefinite-lived intangible asset associated with the tradenames acquired in the acquisitions of Vought Aircraft Industries, Inc. ("Vought"). Prior to March 31, 2017, the Company assessed whether indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment exists using both the qualitative and quantitative assessments. The qualitative assessment involves determining whether events or circumstances exist that indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If based on this qualitative assessment, the Company determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount or if the Company elects not to perform a qualitative assessment, a quantitative assessment is performed to determine whether an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment exists. We test the indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment by comparing the carrying value to the fair value based on current revenue projections of the related operations, under the relief from royalty method. Any excess of the carrying value over the amount of fair value is recognized as an impairment. 
 During the third quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, the Company performed an interim assessment of fair value on our indefinite-lived intangible assets due to indicators of impairment related to the continued decline in our stock price during the fiscal third quarter. Based on the Company's evaluation, the Company concluded that the Vought tradename had a fair value of 195.8 million (Level 3) compared to a carrying value of 425.0 million . Accordingly, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, of 229.2 million , which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets." The decline in fair value compared to the carrying value of the Vought tradename is the result of declining revenues from production rate reductions and the slower than previously projected ramp in Bombardier Global 7000/8000 and the timing of associated earnings. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company performed its annual impairment test for each of the Company's indefinite-lived intangible assets, which indicated that the Vought and Embee tradenames had a fair value of 163.0 million (Level 3) compared to a carrying value of 209.2 million . The decline in fair value of the tradenames is the result of the increase in discount rate during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, which required the Company to assess whether events and/or circumstances have changed regarding the indefinite-life conclusion. As a result the Company incurred a non-cash impairment charge of 46.2 million presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets" to the Vought and Embee tradenames and a reduction to indefinite-life to a useful life of 20 years. 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, as part of the Company's annual assessment, the Company determined that the remaining estimated useful life for the Vought tradename should be reduced from a useful life of 20 years to a useful life of 10 years, as it better represents the financial performance relative to the expected performance. 
 
 46 

 Table of Contents 

Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives ranging from 3 to 30 years. The Company continually evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred that would indicate that the remaining estimated useful lives of long-lived assets, including intangible assets, may warrant revision or that the remaining balance may not be recoverable. Intangible assets are evaluated for indicators of impairment. When factors indicate that long-lived assets, including intangible assets, should be evaluated for possible impairment, an estimate of the related undiscounted cash flows over the remaining life of the long-lived assets, including intangible assets, is used to measure recoverability based on the primary asset of the asset group. Some of the more important factors management considers include the Company's financial performance relative to expected and historical performance, significant changes in the way the Company manages its operations, negative events that have occurred, and negative industry and economic trends. If the estimated fair value is less than the carrying amount, measurement of the impairment will be based on the difference between the carrying value and fair value of the asset group, generally determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows associated with the use of the asset. 
 Acquired Contract Liabilities, net 
 In connection with several of our acquisitions, we assumed existing long-term contracts. Based on our review of these contracts, we concluded that the terms of certain contracts to be either more or less favorable than could be realized in market transactions as of the date of the acquisition. As a result, we recognized acquired contract liabilities, net of acquired contract assets as of the acquisition date of each respective acquisition, based on the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows of the executory contracts and the estimated cash flows had the contracts been executed at the acquisition date. The liabilities principally relate to long-term contracts that were initially executed at several years prior to the respective acquisition (see Note 3 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for further discussion). 
 The acquired contract liabilities, net, are being amortized as non-cash revenues over the terms of the respective contracts. The Company recognized net amortization of contract liabilities of approximately 125.1 million , 121.0 million and 132.4 million in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively, and such amounts have been included in revenues in our results of operations. The balance of the liability as of March 31, 2018 , is approximately 274.2 million and, based on the expected delivery schedule of the underlying contracts, the Company estimates annual amortization of the liability as follows 2019 68.8 million ; 2020 63.2 million ; 2021 59.1 million ; 2022 32.0 million ; 2023 25.1 million ; Thereafter 26.0 million . 
 Postretirement Plans 
 The liabilities and net periodic cost of our pension and other postretirement plans are determined using methodologies that involve several actuarial assumptions, the most significant of which are the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of asset return and rate of growth for medical costs. The actuarial assumptions used to calculate these costs are reviewed annually or when a remeasurement is necessary. Assumptions are based upon management's best estimates, after consulting with outside investment advisors and actuaries, as of the measurement date. 
 During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, we changed the method we use to estimate the service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. This new estimation approach discounts the individual expected cash flows underlying the service cost and interest cost by applying the specific spot rates derived from the yield curve used to discount the cash flows reflected in the measurement of the benefit obligation. Historically, we estimated these service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. 
 We made this change to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates. We have accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate that is inseparable from a change in accounting principle pursuant to ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections and accordingly have accounted for it prospectively. While the benefit obligation measured under this approach is unchanged from that determined under the prior approach, the more granular application of the spot rates reduced the service and interest cost for the pension and OPEB plans for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, by approximately 20.0 million. The spot rates used to determine service and interest costs for the U.S. plans ranged from 0.60 to 9.75 . Under the Company s prior methodology, these rates would have resulted in weighted-average rates for service cost and interest cost of 3.86 for the U.S. pension plans and 3.73 for the OPEB plans. The new approach was used to measure the service cost and interest cost for our pension and OPEB plans for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. 
 Effective April 1, 2015, the Company changed the period over which actuarial gains and losses are being amortized for its U.S. pension plans from the average remaining future service period of active plan participants to the average life expectancy of inactive plan participants. This change was made because the Company has determined that as of that date almost all plan participants are inactive. 
 
 47 

 Table of Contents 

The accounting corridor is a defined range within which amortization of net gains and losses is not required. The discount rates at March 31, 2018 , ranged from 2.65 - 4.01 compared to a weighted-average of 2.87 - 4.06 at March 31, 2017 . 
 The assumed expected long-term rate of return on assets is the weighted-average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested or to be invested to provide for the benefits included in the Projected Benefit Obligation ("PBO"). The expected average long-term rate of return on assets is based on several factors, including actual historical market index returns, anticipated long-term performance of individual asset classes with consideration given to the related investment strategy, plan expenses and the potential to outperform market index returns. This rate is utilized principally in calculating the expected return on plan assets component of the annual pension expense. To the extent the actual rate of return on assets realized over the course of a year differs from the assumed rate, that year's annual pension expense is not affected. The gain or loss reduces or increases future pension expense over the average remaining life expectancy of inactive plan participants. The expected long-term rate of return for fiscal 2018 , 2017 and 2016 , was 6.50 - 8.00 . The expected long-term rate of return for fiscal 2019 will be 5.00 - 8.00 . 
 In addition to our defined benefit pension plans, we provide certain health care and life insurance benefits for some retired employees. Such benefits are unfunded as of March 31, 2018 . Employees achieve eligibility to participate in these contributory plans upon retirement from active service if they meet specified age and years of service requirements. Election to participate for eligible employees must be made at the date of retirement. Qualifying dependents at the date of retirement are also eligible for medical coverage. Current plan documents reserve our right to amend or terminate the plans at any time, subject to applicable collective bargaining requirements for represented employees. From time to time, we have made changes to the benefits provided to various groups of plan participants. Premiums charged to most retirees for medical coverage prior to age 65 are based on years of service and are adjusted annually for changes in the cost of the plans as determined by an independent actuary. In addition to this medical inflation cost-sharing feature, the plans also have provisions for deductibles, co-payments, coinsurance percentages, out-of-pocket limits, schedules of reasonable fees, preferred provider networks, coordination of benefits with other plans, and a Medicare carve-out. 
 In accordance with ASC 715, Compensation Retirement Benefits , we recognized the funded status of our benefit obligation. This funded status is remeasured as of our annual remeasurement date. The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of the plan's assets and the PBO or accumulated postretirement benefit obligation of the plan. In order to recognize the funded status, we determined the fair value of the plan assets. The majority of our plan assets are publicly traded investments which were valued based on the market price as of the date of remeasurement. Investments that are not publicly traded were valued based on the estimated fair value of those investments as of the remeasurement date based on our evaluation of data from fund managers and comparable market data. 
 The Company periodically experiences events or makes changes to its benefit plans that result in curtailment or special charges. Curtailments are recognized when events occur that significantly reduce the expected years of future service of present employees or eliminates the benefits for a significant number of employees for some or all of their future service. 
 Curtailment losses are recognized when it is probable the curtailment will occur and the effects are reasonably estimable. Curtailment gains are recognized when the related employees are terminated or a plan amendment is adopted, whichever is applicable. 
 As required under ASC 715, the Company remeasures plan assets and obligations during an interim period whenever a significant event occurs that results in a material change in the net periodic pension cost. The determination of significance is based on judgment and consideration of events and circumstances impacting the pension costs. 
 See Note 15 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for a summary of the key events that affected our net periodic benefit cost and obligations that occurred during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 . 
 Pension income, excluding curtailments, settlements and special termination benefits (early retirement incentives) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , was 61.6 million compared with pension income of 66.5 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , and 57.2 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 . For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019 , the Company expects to recognize pension income of approximately 61.5 million. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("ASU 2014-09"). Subsequently, the FASB issued several updates to ASU 2014-09, which are codified in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606. ASC 606 also includes new guidance on costs related to a contract, which is codified in ASC Subtopic 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs - Contracts with Customers. 
 
 48 

 Table of Contents 

In applying ASC 606, revenue is recognized when control of promised goods or services transfers to a customer and is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The major provisions of the new standard include the determination of enforceable rights and obligations between parties; the identification of performance obligations, including those related to material right obligations; the allocation of consideration based upon relative standalone selling price; accounting for variable consideration; the determination of whether performance obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in time; and enhanced disclosure requirements. 
 ASC 606 was effective for the Company beginning April 1, 2018, and permits two methods of adoption: retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented full retrospective method or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of the initial application recognized at the date of initial application modified retrospective method ). The Company will adopt the standard using the modified retrospective method and will record an adjustment to retained earnings for the cumulative effect of initial application on April 1, 2018 (the Transition Adjustment ). Contracts that are substantially completed will be excluded from the Transition Adjustment. 
 The Company has substantially completed its review of all contracts with customers to quantify the financial statement impact of the Transition Adjustment. Contracts with customers in the Aerospace Structures segment represent a significant portion of the Transition Adjustment. 
 The primary effect of the Company s adoption of ASC 606 (outside of the Aerospace Structures segment) will be to recognize revenue over time for certain of its contracts, which is a change from recognition based on shipping terms under the pre-ASC 606 accounting policy. 
 The Company is in the process of completing its assessment of less prevalent contractual terms including the accounting for material rights, customer acceptance terms, and variable consideration, as well as validating certain of the inputs to the calculation of the Transition Adjustment, which are not expected to be material. The Company is also in the process of completing the calculation of the Transition Adjustment for certain subsidiaries which is not expected to have a material impact. 
 Based on the assessment procedures performed to date, the Company estimates the Transition Adjustment impact to decrease beginning Retained Earnings on a pre-tax basis by 550.0 million to 650.0 million which has not been tax effected as the Company is completing its evaluation. The Company does not believe the tax effect to be material since it is in a valuation allowance position. The Company will likely have an accumulated deficit after recording the Transition Adjustment, which would limit or restrict our ability to pay dividends. 
 The Company is in the process of implementing changes to its processes, the nature of the data it gathers and its systems to comply with the requirements of ASC 606 including implementing controls. 
 Upon adoption of ASC 606, the Company will no longer recognize revenue using the units-of-delivery method. ASC 606 is applied by analyzing each contract, or a combination of contracts, to determine if revenue is recognized over time or at a point in time. The Company has determined that some of its contracts will have performance obligations that are satisfied over time and some at a point in time based on when control of goods and services transfers to the customer. 
 For performance obligations that are satisfied over time, the Company will use an input method as the basis for recognizing revenue. Input methods recognize revenue based on an entity s efforts or inputs toward satisfying a performance obligation (for example, resources consumed, labor hours expended, costs incurred, time lapsed, or machine hours used) relative to the total expected inputs to satisfy the performance obligation. The Company will generally use costs incurred as the measure of performance; and therefore, will generally not defer any production costs. Performance obligations that are not recognized over time will be recognized at the point in time when control transfers to the customer. 
 As explained above, under legacy GAAP, the Company used the units-of-delivery method and certain production costs were deferred over the life of the contract block. Under ASC 606, the Company will not use contract blocks and costs will no longer be deferred and allocated to future units as under the units-of-delivery method. Accordingly, for certain contracts related to the Aerospace Structures segment, capitalized pre-production costs of 865.8 million (pretax), net of previously recognized forward loss reserves of 344.0 million (pretax) will be eliminated and result in a decrease to retained earnings as part of the Transition Adjustment noted above. 
 ASC 340-40 is applied to costs to obtain or fulfill a contract if existing guidance is not applicable. The Company s accounting for preproduction, tooling and certain other costs is expected to continue under existing guidance, since the costs generally do not fall within the scope of ASC 340-40. 
 
 49 

 Table of Contents 

The Company anticipates that in fiscal 2019, revenue for certain contracts that would have been recognized under legacy GAAP will be lower because the allocation of revenue to completed performance obligations will be accelerated into retained earnings as part of the Transition Adjustment. 
 The enhanced disclosure requirements of ASC 606 include discussions on the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The Company expects the disclosures to include qualitative and quantitative information about its contracts with customers, information about contract assets and liabilities, information about the performance obligation for customer contracts and the significant judgments made in applying the guidance in ASC 606. This will result in changes to the Company's existing disclosures, as well as new disclosures, which will impact the information reported in the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07, Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost ("ASU 2017-07"). ASU 2017-07 requires entities to report the service cost component of net periodic pension and net periodic postretirement benefit cost in the same line item or items as other compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent employees during the period. Further, ASU 2017-07 requires the other components of net periodic pension and net periodic postretirement benefit cost to be presented on the income statement separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal of income from operations, if one is presented. Additionally, only the service cost component is eligible for capitalization, when applicable. The amendments as set forth in ASU 2017-07 are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company adopted the requirements of ASU 2017-07 on April 1, 2018. The Company will apply the guidance on the presentation of the components of net periodic benefit cost in the income statement retrospectively and the guidance limiting the capitalization of net periodic benefit cost in assets to the service cost component will be applied prospectively. The Company expects the adoption of ASU 2017-07 to result in an unfavorable impact to consolidated operating profit and a corresponding favorable impact in non-operating income for each year. Further, in the first quarter fiscal 2019, the Company expects to record a charge in the range of approximately 85.0 million to 90.0 million (pre-tax) representing incremental forward losses due to the adoption. Excluding the service costs, the net periodic pension benefit for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, was 76.9 million . 
 In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging ("ASU 2017-12"), which intends to improve and simplify accounting rules around hedge accounting. ASU 2017-12 refines and expands hedge accounting for both financial (i.e., interest rate) and commodity risks. In addition, it creates more transparency around how economic results are presented, both on the face of the financial statements and in the footnotes. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those annual periods, which will be our interim period beginning January 1, 2019. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in any interim period after the issuance of ASU 2017-12. The adoption of ASU 2017-12 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting ("ASU 2017-09"), which provides clarity on determining which changes to the terms and conditions of share-based payment awards require an entity to apply modification accounting under ASC 718. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods, which will be our interim period beginning January 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in any interim period. The amendments should be applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption date. The adoption of ASU 2017-09 did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (ASC 842) ("ASU 2016-02"). This update requires recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet of lessees. ASC 842 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim reporting periods within those years which will be our interim period beginning April 1, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective transition approach and provides certain optional transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the guidance to determine the impact it will have to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ("ASU 2016-09"). ASU 2016-09 identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures 
 
 50 

 Table of Contents 

recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company prospectively adopted ASU 2016-09 during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and it did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. The prior periods were not adjusted as a result of the adoption. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 relating to our future operations and prospects, including statements that are based on current projections and expectations about the markets in which we operate, and management's beliefs concerning future performance and capital requirements based upon current available information. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. When used in this document, words like "may," "might," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "believe," "potential," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from management's current expectations. For example, there can be no assurance that additional capital will not be required or that additional capital, if required, will be available on reasonable terms, if at all, at such times and in such amounts as may be needed by us. In addition to these factors, among other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, are uncertainties relating to the integration of acquired businesses, general economic conditions affecting our business segments, dependence of certain of our businesses on certain key customers, the risk that we will not realize all of the anticipated benefits from acquisitions as well as competitive factors relating to the aerospace industry. For a more detailed discussion of these and other factors affecting us, see the risk factors described in "Item 1A. Risk Factors." 
 
 51 

 Table of Contents 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Some contracts with our suppliers for raw materials, component parts and other goods are short-term contracts, which are subject to termination on a relatively short-term basis. The prices of our raw materials and component parts fluctuate depending on market conditions, and substantial increases in prices could increase our operating costs, which, as a result of our fixed-price contracts, we may not be able to recoup through increases in the prices of our products. We generally do not employ forward contracts or other financial instruments to hedge commodity price risk, although we continue to review a full range of business options focused on strategic risk management for all material commodities. 
 Any failure by our suppliers to provide acceptable raw materials, components, kits or subassemblies could adversely affect our production schedules and contract profitability. We assess qualification of suppliers and continually monitor them to control risk associated with such supply base reliance. 
 To a lesser extent, we also are exposed to fluctuations in the prices of certain utilities and services, such as electricity, natural gas, chemicals and freight. We utilize a range of long-term agreements to minimize procurement expense and supply risk in these areas. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 In addition, even when revenues and expenses are matched, we must translate foreign denominated results of operations, assets and liabilities for our foreign subsidiaries to U.S. dollars in our consolidated financial statements. Consequently, increases and decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to the respective foreign currencies will affect our reported results of operations and the value of our assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet, even if our results of operations or the value of those assets and liabilities has not changed in its original currency. These transactions could significantly affect the comparability of our results between financial periods and/or result in significant changes to the carrying value of our assets, liabilities and stockholders' equity. 
 We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk relating to receipts from customers and payments to suppliers in foreign currencies. We use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the price risk associated with forecasted foreign denominated payments related to our ongoing business. Foreign currency forward contracts are sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. At March 31, 2018 , a 10 change in the exchange rate in our portfolio of foreign currency contracts would not have material impact on our unrealized gains. Consistent with the use of these contracts to neutralize the effect of exchange rate fluctuations, such unrealized losses or gains would be offset by corresponding gains or losses, respectively, in the remeasurement of the underlying transactions being hedged. When taken together, these forward currency contracts and the offsetting underlying commitments do not create material market risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our primary exposure to market risk consists of changes in interest rates on borrowings. An increase in interest rates would adversely affect our operating results and the cash flow available after debt service to fund operations and expansion. In addition, an increase in interest rates would adversely affect our ability to pay dividends on our common stock, if permitted to do so under certain of our debt arrangements, including the Credit Facility. We manage exposure to interest rate fluctuations by optimizing the use of fixed and variable rate debt. As of March 31, 2018 , approximately 85 of our debt was fixed-rate debt. Our financing policy states that we generally maintain between 50 and 75 of our debt as fixed-rate debt on a fully leveraged basis. The ratio of our fixed-rate debt compared to our variable-rate debt was unusually high as of March 31, 2018, because we received a significant amount of customer advances in our fiscal fourth quarter, which was used to pay down our variable debt. The information below summarizes our market risks associated with debt obligations and should be read in conjunction with Note 10 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." 
 The following table presents principal cash flows and the related interest rates. Fixed interest rates disclosed represent the weighted-average rate as of March 31, 2018 . Variable interest rates disclosed fluctuate with the LIBOR, federal funds rates and other weekly rates and represent the weighted-average rate at March 31, 2018 . 
 
 52 

 Table of Contents 

Expected Years of Maturity 
 
 Next 
 12 Months 
 
 13 - 24 
 Months 
 
 25 - 36 
 Months 
 
 37 - 48 
 Months 
 
 49 - 60 
 Months 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 Total 
 Fixed-rate cash flows (in thousands) 
 
 16,527 

14,236 

12,058 

381,664 

302,009 

508,052 

1,234,546 
 
 Weighted-average interest rate ) 
 6.12 

6.15 

6.18 

6.44 

7.17 

3.87 

Variable-rate cash flows (in thousands) 

107,800 

112,887 

220,687 
 
 Weighted-average interest rate ) 

2.73 

2.73 

There are no other significant market risk exposures. 

53 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Triumph Group, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Triumph Group, Inc. ('the Company') as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 , and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2018 , and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at March 31, 2018 and 2017 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2018 , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), Triumph Group, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2018 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated May 22, 2018 , expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1993. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 May 22, 2018 

54 

Table of Contents 

TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 35,819 

69,633 
 
 Trade and other receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts of 4,032 and 4,559 
 414,185 

311,792 
 
 Inventories, net of unliquidated progress payments of 387,146 and 222,485 
 1,427,169 

1,340,175 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other 
 44,428 

30,064 
 
 Assets held for sale 
 1,324 

21,255 
 
 Total current assets 
 1,922,925 

1,772,919 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 726,003 

805,030 
 
 Goodwill 
 592,828 

1,142,605 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 507,681 

592,364 
 
 Other, net 
 57,627 

101,682 
 
 Total assets 
 
 3,807,064 

4,414,600 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of long-term debt 
 
 16,527 

160,630 
 
 Accounts payable 
 418,367 

481,243 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 557,105 

674,379 
 
 Liabilities related to assets held for sale 
 440 

18,008 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 992,439 

1,334,260 
 
 Long-term debt, less current portion 
 1,421,757 

1,035,670 
 
 Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits, noncurrent 
 483,887 

592,134 
 
 Deferred income taxes, noncurrent 
 16,582 

68,107 
 
 Other noncurrent liabilities 
 441,865 

537,956 
 
 Stockholders' equity: 

Common stock, .001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 52,460,920 and 52,460,920 shares issued; 49,669,848 and 49,573,029 shares outstanding 
 51 

51 
 
 Capital in excess of par value 
 851,280 

846,807 
 
 Treasury stock, at cost, 2,791,072 and 2,887,891 shares 
 (179,082) 
 
 (183,696) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (367,870) 
 
 (396,178) 
 Retained earnings 
 146,155 

579,489 
 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 450,534 

846,473 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 3,807,064 

4,414,600 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Year ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 Net sales 
 
 3,198,951 

3,532,799 

3,886,072 
 
 Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation shown separately below) 
 2,533,153 

2,689,818 

3,597,299 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 289,521 

281,547 

287,349 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 158,368 

176,946 

177,755 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets 
 535,227 

266,298 

874,361 
 
 Restructuring 
 40,069 

42,177 

36,182 
 
 Loss on divestitures 
 30,741 

19,124 

Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives, net 
 (25,722) 

(1,244) 
 Legal settlement charge, net 

5,476 

3,561,357 

3,475,910 

4,977,178 
 
 Operating (loss) income 
 (362,406) 
 
 56,889 

(1,091,106) 
 Interest expense and other, net 
 99,442 

80,501 

68,041 
 
 Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 
 (461,848) 
 
 (23,612) 
 
 (1,159,147) 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (36,457) 
 
 19,340 

(111,187) 
 Net loss 
 
 (425,391) 

(42,952) 

(1,047,960) 
 Loss per share basic: 

Net loss 
 
 (8.60) 

(0.87) 

(21.29) 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic 
 49,442 

49,303 

49,218 
 
 Loss per share diluted: 

Net loss 
 
 (8.60) 

(0.87) 

(21.29) 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted 
 49,442 

49,303 

49,218 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Year ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 Net loss 
 
 (425,391) 

(42,952) 

(1,047,960) 
 Other comprehensive loss: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 28,529 

(28,396) 
 
 (12,065) 
 Defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits: 

Amounts arising during the period - gains (losses), net of tax (expense) benefit: 

Prior service credit, net of taxes 0, 0 and 14,725), respectively 
 21,980 

(121) 
 
 27,392 
 
 Actuarial loss, net of taxes 283), 394 and 86,261, respectively 
 10,306 

(15,977) 
 
 (154,659) 
 Reclassification from net income - losses (gains), net of tax expense (benefit): 

Amortization of net loss, net of taxes of 5), 40) and 1,263), respectively 
 7,147 

5,651 

2,119 
 
 Recognized prior service credits, net of taxes of 0, 0 and 5,937, respectively 
 (37,623) 
 
 (15,246) 
 
 (10,876) 
 Total defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits, net of taxes 
 1,810 

(25,693) 
 
 (136,024) 
 Cash flow hedges: 

Unrealized gain (loss) arising during period, net of tax benefit (expense) of 25), 0 and 384, respectively 
 133 

6,582 

(527) 
 Reclassification of loss included in net earnings, net of tax expense of 14, 0 and 173), respectively 
 (2,164) 
 
 (1,509) 
 
 364 
 
 Net unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges, net of tax 
 (2,031) 
 
 5,073 

(163) 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 28,308 

(49,016) 
 
 (148,252) 
 Total comprehensive loss 
 
 (397,083) 

(91,968) 

(1,196,212) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Outstanding 
 Shares 
 
 Common 
 Stock 
 All Classes 
 
 Capital in 
 Excess of 
 Par Value 
 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 
 Total 
 Balance at March 31, 2015 
 49,273,053 

51 

851,940 

(203,514) 

(198,910) 

1,686,217 

2,135,784 
 
 Net loss 

(1,047,960) 
 
 (1,047,960) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(12,065) 

(12,065) 
 Pension liability adjustment, net of income taxes of 76,210 

(136,024) 

(136,024) 
 Change in fair value of interest rate swap, net of income taxes, 2,014 

(1,146) 

(1,146) 
 Change in fair value of foreign currency hedges, net of income taxes of 636 

983 

983 
 
 Cash dividends 0.16 per share) 

(7,889) 
 
 (7,889) 
 Share-based compensation 
 36,598 

(590) 
 
 3,247 

2,657 
 
 Repurchase of restricted shares for minimum tax obligation 
 (1,528) 

(96) 

(96) 
 Employee stock purchase plan 
 20,876 

(152) 
 
 852 

700 
 
 Balance, March 31, 2016 
 49,328,999 

51 

851,102 

(199,415) 
 
 (347,162) 
 
 630,368 

934,944 
 
 Net loss 

(42,952) 
 
 (42,952) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(28,396) 

(28,396) 
 Pension liability adjustment, net of income taxes of 434 

(25,693) 

(25,693) 
 Change in fair value of derivatives 

4,834 

4,834 
 
 Change in fair value of foreign currency hedges 

239 

239 
 
 Cash dividends 0.16 per share) 

(7,927) 
 
 (7,927) 
 Share-based compensation 
 191,127 

(4,279) 
 
 12,201 

7,922 
 
 Repurchase of restricted shares for minimum tax obligation 
 (5,926) 

42 

(224) 

(182) 
 Excess tax benefit from exercise of stock options 

2,007 

2,007 
 
 Employee stock purchase plan 
 58,829 

(2,065) 
 
 3,742 

1,677 
 
 Balance, March 31, 2017 
 49,573,029 

51 

846,807 

(183,696) 
 
 (396,178) 
 
 579,489 

846,473 
 
 Net loss 

(425,391) 
 
 (425,391) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

28,529 

28,529 
 
 Pension liability adjustment, net of income taxes of 288) 

1,810 

1,810 
 
 Change in fair value of derivatives 

(2,013) 

(2,013) 
 Change in fair value of foreign currency hedges, net of income taxes of 11 

(18) 

(18) 
 Cash dividends 0.16 per share) 

(7,943) 
 
 (7,943) 
 Share-based compensation 
 56,548 

6,662 

1,287 

7,949 
 
 Repurchase of restricted shares for minimum tax obligation 
 (19,361) 

(483) 

(483) 
 Employee stock purchase plan 
 59,632 

(2,189) 
 
 3,810 

1,621 
 
 Balance, March 31, 2018 
 49,669,848 

51 

851,280 

(179,082) 

(367,870) 

146,155 

450,534 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Year ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 Operating Activities 

Net loss 
 
 (425,391) 

(42,952) 

(1,047,960) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 158,368 

176,946 

177,755 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets 
 535,227 

266,298 

874,361 
 
 Amortization of acquired contract liability 
 (125,148) 
 
 (121,004) 
 
 (132,363) 
 Loss on divestiture and assets held for sale 
 30,741 

19,124 

Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives 
 (25,722) 

(1,244) 
 Other amortization included in interest expense 
 11,677 

5,553 

3,904 
 
 (Recovery) provision for doubtful accounts receivable 
 (242) 
 
 202 

1,996 
 
 (Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes 
 (43,108) 
 
 9,480 

(118,302) 
 Share-based compensation 
 7,949 

7,922 

2,657 
 
 Changes in other current assets and liabilities, excluding the effects of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 
 (105,104) 
 
 112,196 

73,083 
 
 Inventories 
 (163,417) 
 
 (272,653) 
 
 293,517 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 (4,239) 
 
 11,756 

(6,958) 
 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and income taxes payable 
 (43,696) 
 
 211,560 

53,914 
 
 Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits 
 (88,464) 
 
 (100,012) 
 
 (87,559) 
 Other 
 (8,325) 
 
 (2,894) 
 
 (2,938) 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (288,894) 
 
 281,522 

83,863 
 
 Investing Activities 

Capital expenditures 
 (42,050) 
 
 (51,832) 
 
 (80,047) 
 Proceeds from sale of assets 
 83,082 

86,187 

6,069 
 
 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
 (2,818) 
 
 9 

(54,051) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 38,214 

34,364 

(128,029) 
 Financing Activities 

Net increase (decrease) in revolving credit facility 
 82,888 

(110,000) 
 
 (8,256) 
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
 544,243 

24,400 

134,797 
 
 Retirement of debt and capital lease obligations 
 (387,373) 
 
 (144,144) 
 
 (80,917) 
 Payment of deferred financing costs 
 (17,729) 
 
 (14,034) 
 
 (185) 
 Dividends paid 
 (7,943) 
 
 (7,927) 
 
 (7,889) 
 Net repayment of government grant 

(14,570) 
 
 (5,000) 
 Repurchase of restricted shares for minimum tax obligations 
 (483) 
 
 (182) 
 
 (96) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) by financing activities 
 213,603 

(266,457) 
 
 32,454 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 3,263 

(780) 
 
 79 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (33,814) 
 
 48,649 

(11,633) 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 69,633 

20,984 

32,617 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 35,819 

69,633 

20,984 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

1. 
 BACKGROUND AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 Triumph Group, Inc. ("Triumph") is a Delaware corporation which, through its operating subsidiaries, designs, engineers, manufactures and sells products for the global aerospace original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") of aircraft and aircraft components and repairs and overhauls aircraft components and accessories for commercial airline, air cargo carrier and military customers on a worldwide basis. Triumph and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company") are organized based on the products and services that they provide. 
 Effective January 1, 2018, the Company combined its Aerospace Structures and Precision Components operating segments into one reporting segment, Aerospace Structures. Aerospace Structures and Precision Components share many of the same customers and suppliers and have substantial inter-company work on common programs. As a single operating segment, the Company believes it will be able to leverage its combined resources to make it more cost competitive and to enhance performance. The newly formed operating segment is a reportable segment. As a result, effective January 1, 2018, the Company has three reporting segments for financial reporting purposes - Integrated Systems, Product Support and Aerospace Structures. 
 Integrated Systems consists of the Company s operations that provide integrated solutions, including design, development and support of proprietary components, subsystems and systems, as well as production of complex assemblies using external designs. Capabilities include hydraulic, mechanical and electro-mechanical actuation, power and control; a complete suite of aerospace gearbox solutions, including engine accessory gearboxes and helicopter transmissions; active and passive heat exchange technology; fuel pumps, fuel metering units and Full Authority Digital Electronic Control fuel systems; hydro-mechanical and electromechanical primary and secondary flight controls. 
 Aerospace Structures consists of the Company s operations that supply commercial, business, regional and military manufacturers with large metallic and composite structures. Products include wings, wing boxes, fuselage panels, horizontal and vertical tails and sub-assemblies such as floor grids. Aerospace Structures also has the capability to engineer detailed structural designs in metal and composites. It also includes of the Company s operations that produce close-tolerance parts primarily to customer designs and model-based definition, including a wide range of aluminum, hard metal and composite structure capabilities. Capabilities include complex machining, gear manufacturing, sheet metal fabrication, forming, advanced composite and interior structures, joining processes such as welding, autoclave bonding and conventional mechanical fasteners and a variety of special processes, including: super plastic titanium forming, aluminum and titanium chemical milling and surface treatments. 
 Product Support consists of the Company s operations that provide full life cycle solutions for commercial, regional and military aircraft. The Company s extensive product and service offerings include full post-delivery value chain services that simplify the MRO supply chain. Through its line maintenance, component MRO and postproduction supply chain activities, Product Support is positioned to provide integrated planeside repair solutions globally. Capabilities include fuel tank repair; metallic and composite aircraft structures; nacelles; thrust reversers; interiors; auxiliary power units; and a wide variety of pneumatic, hydraulic, fuel and mechanical accessories. 
 Repair services generally involve the replacement of parts and/or the remanufacture of parts, which is similar to the original manufacture of the part. The processes that the Company performs related to repair and overhaul services are essentially the repair of wear parts or replacement of parts that are beyond economic repair. The repair service generally involves remanufacturing a complete part or a component of a part. 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Triumph and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated from the consolidated financial statements. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

60 

Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Cash Equivalents 
 Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase. Fair value of cash equivalents approximates carrying value. 
 Trade and Other Receivables, net 
 Trade and other receivables are recorded net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. Trade and other receivables include amounts billed and currently due from customers, amounts currently due but unbilled, certain estimated contract changes and amounts retained by the customer pending contract completion. Unbilled amounts are generally billed and collected within one year. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral. The Company records the allowance for doubtful accounts based on prior experience and for specific collectibility matters when they arise. The Company writes off balances against the reserve when collectibility is deemed remote. The Company's trade and other receivables are exposed to credit risk; however, the risk is limited due to the diversity of the customer base. 
 Trade and other receivables, net comprised of the following: 
 
 March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 Billed 
 
 363,990 

268,711 
 
 Unbilled 
 37,573 

32,089 
 
 Total trade receivables 
 401,563 

300,800 
 
 Other receivables 
 16,654 

15,551 
 
 Total trade and other receivables 
 418,217 

316,351 
 
 Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (4,032) 
 
 (4,559) 
 Total trade and other receivables, net 
 
 414,185 

311,792 

Inventories 
 The Company records inventories at the lower of cost (average-cost or specific-identification methods) or market. Costs on long-term contracts and programs in progress represent recoverable costs incurred for production or contract-specific facilities and equipment, allocable operating overhead and advances to suppliers. Pursuant to contract provisions, agencies of the U.S. Government and certain other customers have title to, or a security interest in, inventories related to such contracts as a result of advances, performance-based payments and progress payments. The Company reflects those advances and payments as an offset against the related inventory balances. The Company expenses general and administrative costs related to products and services provided essentially under commercial terms and conditions as incurred. The Company determines the costs of inventories by the first-in, first-out or average cost methods. 
 Work-in-process inventory includes capitalized pre-production costs. Company policy allows for the capitalization of pre-production costs after it establishes a contractual arrangement with a customer that explicitly states that the cost of recovery of pre-production costs is allowed. 
 Capitalized pre-production costs include nonrecurring engineering, planning and design, including applicable overhead, incurred before production is manufactured on a regular basis. Significant customer-directed work changes can also cause pre-production costs to be incurred (see Note 5 for further discussion). 
 Advance Payments and Progress Payments 
 Advance payments and progress payments received on contracts-in-process are first offset against related contract costs that are included in inventory, with any excess amount reflected in current liabilities under the Accrued expenses and Other noncurrent liabilities caption on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

61 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Property and Equipment 
 Property and equipment, which include equipment under capital lease and leasehold improvements, are recorded at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, or the lease term if shorter in the case of leasehold improvements, using the straight-line method. Buildings and improvements are depreciated over a period of 15 to 39.5 years, and machinery and equipment are depreciated over a period of 7 to 15 years (except for furniture, fixtures and computer equipment which are depreciated over a period of 3 to 10 years). 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 The Company accounts for goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other . Under ASC 350, goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized; rather, they are tested for impairment on at least an annual basis. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their useful lives. Upon acquisition, critical estimates are made in valuing acquired intangible assets, which include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from customer contracts, customer lists, and estimating cash flows from projects when completed; tradename and market position, as well as assumptions about the period of time that customer relationships will continue; and discount rates. Management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from the assumptions used in determining the fair values. 
 The Company's operating segments of Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures, and Product Support are also its reporting units. The Chief Executive Officer is the Company's Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM"). The Company's CODM evaluates performance and allocates resources based upon review of segment information. Each of the operating segments is composed of a number of operating units, which are considered to be components. The components, for which discrete financial information exists, are aggregated for purposes of goodwill impairment testing into three reporting units. The Company's acquisition strategy is to acquire companies that complement and enhance the capabilities of the operating segments of the Company. Each acquisition is assigned to one of the Company's reporting units. The goodwill that results from each acquisition is also assigned to the reporting unit to which the acquisition is allocated, because it is that reporting unit which is intended to benefit from the synergies of the acquisition. 
 The Company assesses whether goodwill impairment exists using both the qualitative and quantitative assessments. The qualitative assessment involves determining whether events or circumstances exist that indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. If based on this qualitative assessment the Company determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or if the Company elects not to perform a qualitative assessment, a quantitative assessment is performed as required by ASC 350 to determine whether a goodwill impairment exists at the reporting unit. 
 The quantitative test is used to compare the carrying amount of the reporting unit's assets to the fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is required and no impairment loss is recognized. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, then an impairment loss occurs. The impairment is measured by using the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value not to exceed the amount of recorded goodwill. The determination of the fair value of our reporting units is based, among other things, on estimates of future operating performance of the reporting unit being valued. The Company is required to complete an impairment test for goodwill and record any resulting impairment losses at least annually. Changes in market conditions, among other factors, may have an impact on these estimates and require interim impairment assessments. 
 When performing the quantitative impairment test, the Company's methodology includes the use of an income approach which discounts future net cash flows to their present value at a rate that reflects the Company's cost of capital, otherwise known as the discounted cash flow method ("DCF"). These estimated fair values are based on estimates of future cash flows of the businesses. Factors affecting these future cash flows include the continued market acceptance of the products and services offered by the businesses, the development of new products and services by the businesses and the underlying cost of development, the future cost structure of the businesses and future technological changes. The Company also incorporates market multiples for comparable companies in determining the fair value of our reporting units. Any such impairment would be recognized in full in the reporting period in which it has been identified. 
 Consistent with the Company's policy, the Company performs an annual assessment in its fiscal fourth quarter and on an interim basis upon the occurrence of events or substantive changes in circumstances that indicate a reporting unit's carrying value may be less than its fair value. The Company performed an interim assessment of the fair value of its goodwill due to the Company's decision to combine the Aerospace Structures and Precision Components reporting segments into one reporting 
 
 62 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

segment as noted above. In accordance with ASC 350-20-35-3C, there are several potential events and circumstances that could be indicators of goodwill impairment. A change in a company's reporting unit structure is one of these events, and when this does occur, a company must perform a "before and after" test of the reporting units (see Note 1). Additionally, the Company's enhanced visibility into its future cash flows based on its annual planning process was also an indicator. Consistent with the Company's policy, it performed the goodwill impairment test which includes using a combination of both the market and income approaches to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. 
 After performing the "before" portion of the test of the reporting units, the Company concluded that the former Precision Component's reporting unit had a fair value that was lower than its carrying value by an amount of 190,227 . Accordingly, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, of 190,227 , which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets. The decline in fair value is the result of declining revenues from production rate reductions on sun-setting programs and the slower than previously projected ramp in our development programs and the timing of associated earnings and cash flows. 
 The Company then performed the "after" portion of the test of the reporting units and concluded that the new reporting unit of Aerospace Structure's goodwill had a fair value that was lower than its carrying value by an amount that exceeded the remaining goodwill for the reporting unit. Following the applicable accounting guidance, this impairment charge is deemed to have occurred during the Company's fiscal fourth quarter. Therefore, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018, of 345,000 , which is presented on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. The decline in fair value is the result of declining revenues from sustained production rate reductions and sun-setting programs and the slower than previously projected ramp in our development programs and the timing of associated earnings and cash flows (See Note 2 for definition of fair value levels). The assessment for the Company's Integrated Systems and Product Support reporting units indicated that their fair value exceeded their carrying amounts. 
 In the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, consistent with the Company's policy, the Company performed its annual assessment of the fair value of goodwill. The Company concluded that the goodwill related to the Aerospace Structures reporting unit was impaired as of the annual testing date. The Company concluded that the goodwill had a fair value that was lower than its carrying value by an amount that exceeded the remaining goodwill for the reporting unit. Accordingly, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2017, of 266,298 , which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets. The decline in fair value is the result of declining revenues from production rate reductions on sun-setting programs and the slower than previously projected ramp in our development programs and the timing of associated earnings and cash flows (See Note 2 for definition of fair value levels). 
 Prior to adoption of ASU 2017-04, the Company used the quantitative assessment to perform the two-step approach required by ASC 350 to determine whether a goodwill impairment exists at the reporting unit. 
 The first step of the quantitative test is to compare the carrying amount of the reporting unit's assets to the fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further work is required and no impairment loss is recognized. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, then the second step is required to be completed, which involves allocating the fair value of the reporting unit to each asset and liability, with the excess being applied to goodwill. An impairment loss occurs if the amount of the recorded goodwill exceeds the implied goodwill. The determination of the fair value of our reporting units is based, among other things, on estimates of future operating performance of the reporting unit being valued. We are required to complete an impairment test for goodwill and record any resulting impairment losses at least annually. Changes in market conditions, among other factors, may have an impact on these estimates and require interim impairment assessments. 
 When performing the two-step quantitative impairment test, the Company's methodology includes the use of an income approach which discounts future net cash flows to their present value at a rate that reflects the Company's cost of capital, otherwise known as the DCF. These estimated fair values are based on estimates of future cash flows of the businesses. Factors affecting these future cash flows include the continued market acceptance of the products and services offered by the businesses, the development of new products and services by the businesses and the underlying cost of development, the future cost structure of the businesses and future technological changes. The Company also incorporates market multiples for comparable companies in determining the fair value of our reporting units. Any such impairment would be recognized in full in the reporting period in which it has been identified. 
 
 63 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company performed the quantitative assessment for all three of the Company's former reporting units, which indicated that the fair value of goodwill for the former Aerostructures reporting unit did not exceed its carrying amount, resulting in a 597,603 impairment of goodwill to the former Aerostructures reporting unit. 
 As of March 31, 2018 , the Company had a 150,000 intangible asset associated with the tradenames acquired in the acquisitions of Vought Aircraft Industries, Inc. ("Vought"). Prior to March 31, 2016, the Company assessed whether indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment exists using both the qualitative and quantitative assessments. The qualitative assessment involves determining whether events or circumstances exist that indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If based on this qualitative assessment, the Company determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount or if the Company elects not to perform a qualitative assessment, a quantitative assessment is performed to determine whether an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment exists. We test the indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment by comparing the carrying value to the fair value based on current revenue projections of the related operations, under the relief from royalty method. Any excess of the carrying value over the amount of fair value is recognized as an impairment. 
 During the third quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, the Company performed an interim assessment of fair value on our indefinite-lived intangible assets due to indicators of impairment related to the continued decline in our stock price during the fiscal third quarter. Based on the Company's evaluation, the Company concluded that the Vought tradename had a fair value of 195,800 (Level 3) compared to a carrying value of 425,000 . Accordingly, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, of 229,200 , which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets." The decline in fair value compared to the carrying value of the Vought tradename is the result of declining revenues from production rate reductions and the slower than previously projected ramp in Bombardier Global 7000/8000 and the timing of associated earnings. 
 During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, the Company performed its annual impairment test for each of the Company's indefinite-lived intangible assets, which indicated that the Vought and Embee tradenames had a fair value of 163,000 (Level 3) compared to a carrying value of 209,200 . The decline in fair value of the tradenames is the result of the increase in discount rate during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, which required the Company to assess whether events and/or circumstances have changed regarding the indefinite-life conclusion. As a result the Company incurred a non-cash impairment charge of 46,200 presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets" to the Vought and Embee tradenames and changed to a useful life of 20 years. 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, as part of the Company's annual assessment, the Company determined that the remaining estimated useful life for the Vought tradename should be reduced from a useful life of 20 years to a useful life of 10 years, as it better represents the financial performance relative to the expected performance. 
 Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives ranging from 3 to 30 years. The Company continually evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred that would indicate that the remaining estimated useful lives of long-lived assets, including intangible assets, may warrant revision or that the remaining balance may not be recoverable. Intangible assets are evaluated for indicators of impairment. When factors indicate that long-lived assets, including intangible assets, should be evaluated for possible impairment, an estimate of the related undiscounted cash flows over the remaining life of the long-lived assets, including intangible assets, is used to measure recoverability based on the primary asset of the asset group. Some of the more important factors management considers include the Company's financial performance relative to expected and historical performance, significant changes in the way the Company manages its operations, negative events that have occurred, and negative industry and economic trends. If the estimated fair value is less than the carrying amount, measurement of the impairment will be based on the difference between the carrying value and fair value of the asset group, generally determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows associated with the use of the asset. 
 Deferred Financing Costs 
 Financing costs are deferred and amortized to Interest expense and other on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations over the related financing period using the effective interest method or the straight-line method when it does not differ materially from the effective interest method. The Company records deferred financing costs as a direct deduction from the carrying value of that debt liability; however, the policy does exclude deferred financing costs relating to revolving debt instruments. These deferred financing costs are recorded in Other, net on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 . Total deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization of 28,445 and 22,692 , respectively, are recorded as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 . Make-whole payments in connection with early debt retirements are classified as cash flows used in financing activities. 
 
 64 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Acquired Contract Liabilities, net 
 In connection with several of our acquisitions, we assumed existing long-term contracts. Based on our review of these contracts, we concluded that the terms of certain contracts to be either more or less favorable than could be realized in market transactions as of the date of the acquisition. As a result, we recognized acquired contract liabilities, net of acquired contract assets as of the acquisition date of each respective acquisition, based on the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows of the executory contracts and the estimated cash flows had the contracts been executed at the acquisition date. The liabilities principally relate to long-term contracts that were initially executed several years prior to the respective acquisition (see Note 3 for further discussion). 
 The Company measured these net liabilities under the measurement provisions of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , which is based on the price to transfer the obligation to a market participant at the measurement date, assuming that the net liabilities will remain outstanding in the marketplace. Fair value estimates are based on a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. The judgments used to determine the estimated fair value assigned to each long-term contracts can materially impact our results of operations. 
 Included in the net sales of the Integrated Systems and Aerospace Structures is the non-cash amortization of acquired contract liabilities recognized as fair value adjustments through purchase accounting from various acquisitions. The Company recognized net amortization of contract liabilities of 125,148 , 121,004 and 132,363 in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively, and such amounts have been included in revenues in results of operations. The balance of the liability as of March 31, 2018 , is 274,167 and, based on the expected delivery schedule of the underlying contracts, the Company estimates annual amortization of the liability as follows: 2019 68,782 ; 2020 63,241 ; 2021 59,098 ; 2022 32,021 ; 2023 25,071 ; Thereafter 25,954 . 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenues are generally recognized in accordance with the contract terms when products are shipped, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, pricing is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. The Company's policy with respect to sales returns and allowances generally provides that the customer may not return products or be given allowances, except at the Company's option. Accruals for sales returns, other allowances and estimated warranty costs are provided at the time of shipment based upon past experience. 
 A significant portion of the Company's contracts are within the scope of ASC 605-35, Revenue Recognition Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts , and revenue and costs on contracts are recognized using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. Accounting for the revenue and profit on a contract requires estimates of (1) the contract value or total contract revenue; (2) the total costs at completion, which is equal to the sum of the actual incurred costs to date on the contract and the estimated costs to complete the contract's scope of work; and (3) the measurement of progress toward completion. Depending on the contract, the Company measures progress toward completion using either the cost-to-cost method or the units-of-delivery method, with the great majority measured under the units-of-delivery method. 
 
 Under the cost-to-cost method, progress toward completion is measured as the ratio of total costs incurred to estimated total costs at completion. Costs are recognized as incurred. Profit is determined based on estimated profit margin on the contract multiplied by progress toward completion. Revenue represents the sum of costs and profit on the contract for the period. 
 
 Under the units-of-delivery method, revenue on a contract is recorded as the units are delivered and accepted during the period at an amount equal to the contractual selling price of those units. The costs recorded on a contract under the units-of-delivery method are equal to the total costs at completion divided by the total units to be delivered. As contracts can span multiple years, the Company often segments the contracts into production lots for the purposes of accumulating and allocating cost. Profit is recognized as the difference between revenue for the units delivered and the estimated costs for the units delivered. 
 Adjustments to original estimates for a contract's revenues, estimated costs at completion and estimated total profit are often required as work progresses under a contract, as experience is gained and as more information is obtained, even though the scope of work required under the contract may not change, or if contract modifications occur. These estimates are also sensitive to the assumed rate of production. Generally, the longer it takes to complete the contract quantity, the more relative overhead that contract will absorb. The impact of revisions in cost estimates is recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions are made. Provisions for anticipated losses on contracts are recorded in the period in which they become probable ("forward losses") and are first offset against costs that are included in inventory, with any remaining amount reflected in accrued contract liabilities in accordance with ASC 605-35. Revisions in contract estimates, if significant, can 
 
 65 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

materially affect results of operations and cash flows, as well as valuation of inventory. Furthermore, certain contracts are combined or segmented for revenue recognition in accordance with ASC 605-35. 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , cumulative catch-up adjustments resulting from changes in contract values and estimated costs that arose during the fiscal year decreased operating loss, net loss and earnings per share by approximately 19,677 , 13,479 and 0.27 , respectively. The cumulative catch-up adjustments to operating income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , included gross favorable adjustments of approximately 85,844 and gross unfavorable adjustments of approximately 66,167 . 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , cumulative catch-up adjustments resulting from changes in estimates increased operating income, decreased net loss and increased earnings per share by approximately 57,153 , 52,598 and 1.07 , respectively. The cumulative catch-up adjustments to operating income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 , included gross favorable adjustments of approximately 163,274 and gross unfavorable adjustments of approximately 106,121 which includes a reduction to the previously recognized forward losses of 131,400 on the 747-8 program. 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 , cumulative catch-up adjustments resulting from changes in estimates decreased operating income, net income and earnings per share by approximately 596,213 , 539,023 and 10.95 , respectively. The cumulative catch-up adjustments to operating income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 , included gross favorable adjustments of approximately 32,954 and gross unfavorable adjustments of approximately 629,167 which includes a provision for forward losses of 561,158 on the Bombardier Global 7000/8000 ("Bombardier") and 747-8 programs. 
 Amounts representing contract change orders or claims are only included in revenue when such change orders or claims have been settled with the customer and to the extent that units have been delivered. Additionally, some contracts may contain provisions for revenue sharing, price re-determination, requests for equitable adjustments, change orders, or cost and/or performance incentives. Such amounts or incentives are included in contract value when the amounts can be reliably estimated and their realization is reasonably assured. 
 Although fixed-price contracts, which extend several years into the future, generally permit the Company to keep unexpected profits if costs are less than projected, the Company also bears the risk that increased or unexpected costs may reduce profit or cause the Company to sustain losses on the contract. In a fixed-price contract, the Company must fully absorb cost overruns, notwithstanding the difficulty of estimating all of the costs the Company will incur in performing these contracts and in projecting the ultimate level of revenue that may otherwise be achieved. 
 As disclosed during fiscal 2016, the Company recognized a provision for forward losses associated with our long-term contract on the 747-8 and Bombardier programs. There is still risk similar to what the Company has experienced on the 747-8 and Bombardier programs. Particularly, the Company's ability to manage risks related to supplier performance, execution of cost reduction strategies, hiring and retaining skilled production and management personnel, quality and manufacturing execution, program schedule delays, potential need to negotiate facility lease extensions or alternatively relocate work and many other risks, will determine the ultimate performance of these programs. 
 Shipping and Handling Costs 
 The cost of shipping and handling products is included in cost of sales. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Research and development expense (which includes certain amounts subject to reimbursement from customers) was approximately 72,763 , 112,418 and 103,031 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. 
 Retirement Benefits 
 Defined benefit pension plans are recognized in the consolidated financial statements on an actuarial basis. A significant element in determining the Company's pension income (expense) is the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. This expected return is an assumption as to the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested or to be invested to provide for the benefits included in the projected pension benefit obligation. The Company applies this assumed long-term rate of return to a calculated value of plan assets, which recognizes changes in the fair value of plan assets in a systematic manner over five years. This produces the expected return on plan assets that is included in pension income (expense). The difference between this expected return and the actual return on plan assets is deferred. The net deferral of past asset gains (losses) affects the calculated value of plan assets and, ultimately, future pension income (expense). 
 
 66 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

The Company periodically experiences events or makes changes to its benefit plans that result in curtailment or special charges. Curtailments are recognized when events occur that significantly reduce the expected years of future service of present employees or eliminates the benefits for a significant number of employees for some or all of their future service. 
 Curtailment losses are recognized when it is probable the curtailment will occur and the effects are reasonably estimable. Curtailment gains are recognized when the related employees are terminated or a plan amendment is adopted, whichever is applicable. 
 As required under ASC 715, Compensation Retirement Benefits , the Company remeasures plan assets and obligations during an interim period whenever a significant event occurs that results in a material change in the net periodic pension cost. The determination of significance is based on judgment and consideration of events and circumstances impacting the pension costs. 
 At March 31 of each year, the Company determines the fair value of its pension plan assets as well as the discount rate to be used to calculate the present value of plan liabilities. The discount rate is an estimate of the interest rate at which the pension benefits could be effectively settled. In estimating the discount rate, the Company looks to rates of return on high-quality, fixed-income investments currently available and expected to be available during the period to maturity of the pension benefits. The Company uses a portfolio of fixed-income securities, which receive at least the second-highest rating given by a recognized ratings agency. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. When determining fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and also considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing an asset or liability. The fair value hierarchy has three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, or unadjusted quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and Level 3 Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. The Company has applied fair value measurements to its divestitures (see Note 4), to its goodwill and intangible impairment tests (see Note 7) and to its pension and postretirement plan assets (see Note 15). 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 The determination of the functional currency for the Company's foreign subsidiaries is made based on appropriate economic factors. The functional currency of the Company's subsidiaries Triumph Aviation Services Asia and Triumph Structures Thailand is the U.S. dollar since that is the currency in which that entity primarily generates and expends cash. The functional currency of the Company's remaining subsidiaries is the local currency, since that is the currency in which those entities primarily generate and expend cash. Assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date. Income and expense items are translated at average monthly rates of exchange. The resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (see Note 13). Gains and losses arising from foreign currency transactions of these subsidiaries are included in earnings. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. The asset and liability method requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for expected future tax consequences of temporary differences that currently exist between tax bases and financial reporting bases of the Company's assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided on deferred taxes if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the asset will not be realized. 
 Significant management judgment is required to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in relation to an uncertain tax position. The Company uses a two-step process to evaluate tax positions. The first step requires an entity to determine whether it is more likely than not (greater than 50 chance) that the tax position will be sustained. The second step requires an entity to recognize in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition criterion. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of issues raised by taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued and may materially impact the financial statements of the Company in future periods. The Company recognizes penalties and interest accrued related to income tax liabilities in the provision for income taxes on its Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 67 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("ASU 2014-09"). Subsequently, the FASB issued several updates to ASU 2014-09, which are codified in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606. ASC 606 also includes new guidance on costs related to a contract, which is codified in ASC Subtopic 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs - Contracts with Customers . 
 In applying ASC 606, revenue is recognized when control of promised goods or services transfers to a customer and is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The major provisions of the new standard include the determination of enforceable rights and obligations between parties; the identification of performance obligations, including those related to material right obligations; the allocation of consideration based upon relative standalone selling price; accounting for variable consideration; the determination of whether performance obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in time; and enhanced disclosure requirements. 
 ASC 606 was effective for the Company beginning April 1, 2018, and permits two methods of adoption: retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented full retrospective method or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of the initial application recognized at the date of initial application modified retrospective method ). The Company adopted the standard using the modified retrospective method and will record an adjustment to retained earnings for the cumulative effect of initial application on April 1, 2018 (the Transition Adjustment ). Contracts that are substantially completed will be excluded from the Transition Adjustment. 
 The Company has substantially completed its review of all contracts with customers to quantify the financial statement impact of the Transition Adjustment. Contracts with customers in the Aerospace Structures segment represent a significant portion of the Transition Adjustment. 
 The primary effect of the Company s adoption of ASC 606 (outside of the Aerospace Structures segment) will be to recognize revenue over time for certain of its contracts, which is a change from recognition based on shipping terms under the pre-ASC 606 accounting policy. 
 The Company is in the process of completing its assessment of less prevalent contractual terms including the accounting for material rights, customer acceptance terms, and variable consideration, as well as validating certain of the inputs to the calculation of the Transition Adjustment, which are not expected to be material. The Company is also in the process of completing the calculation of the Transition Adjustment for certain subsidiaries which is not expected to have a material impact. 
 Based on the assessment procedures performed to date, the Company estimates the Transition Adjustment impact to decrease beginning Retained Earnings on a pre-tax basis by 550,000 to 650,000 which has not been tax affected as the Company is completing its evaluation. The Company does not believe the tax effect to be material since it is in a valuation allowance position. The Company will likely have an accumulated deficit after recording the Transition Adjustment, which would limit or restrict our ability to pay dividends. 
 The Company is in the process of implementing changes to its processes, the nature of the data it gathers and its systems to comply with the requirements of ASC 606 including implementing controls. 
 Upon adoption of ASC 606, the Company will no longer recognize revenue using the units-of-delivery method. ASC 606 is applied by analyzing each contract, or a combination of contracts, to determine if revenue is recognized over time or at a point in time. The Company has determined that some of its contracts will have performance obligations that are satisfied over time and some at a point in time based on when control of goods and services transfers to the customer. 
 For performance obligations that are satisfied over time, the Company will use an input method as the basis for recognizing revenue. Input methods recognize revenue based on an entity s efforts or inputs toward satisfying a performance obligation (for example, resources consumed, labor hours expended, costs incurred, time lapsed, or machine hours used) relative to the total expected inputs to satisfy the performance obligation. The Company will generally use costs incurred as the measure of performance; and therefore, will generally not defer any production costs. Performance obligations that are not recognized over time will be recognized at the point in time when control transfers to the customer. 
 As explained above, under legacy GAAP, the Company used the units-of-delivery method and certain production costs were deferred over the life of the contract block. Under ASC 606, the Company will not use contract blocks and costs will no longer be deferred and allocated to future units as under the units-of-delivery method. Accordingly, for certain contracts related to the Aerospace Structures segment, capitalized pre-production costs of 865,843 (pretax), net of previously recognized forward loss reserves of 343,983 (pretax) will be eliminated and result in a decrease to retained earnings as part of the Transition Adjustment noted above. 
 
 68 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

ASC 340-40 is applied to costs to obtain or fulfill a contract if existing guidance is not applicable. The Company s accounting for preproduction, tooling and certain other costs is expected to continue under existing guidance, since the costs generally do not fall within the scope of ASC 340-40. 
 The Company anticipates that in fiscal 2019, revenue for certain contracts that would have been recognized under legacy GAAP will be lower because the allocation of revenue to completed performance obligations will be recognized in retained earnings as part of the Transition Adjustment. 
 The enhanced disclosure requirements of ASC 606 include discussions on the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The Company expects the disclosures to include qualitative and quantitative information about its contracts with customers, information about contract assets and liabilities, information about the performance obligation for customer contracts, and the significant judgments made in applying the guidance in ASC 606. This will result in changes to the Company's existing disclosures, as well as new disclosures, which will impact the information reported in the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07, Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost ("ASU 2017-07"). ASU 2017-07 requires entities to report the service cost component of net periodic pension and net periodic postretirement benefit cost in the same line item or items as other compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent employees during the period. Further, ASU 2017-07 requires the other components of net periodic pension and net periodic postretirement benefit cost to be presented on the income statement separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal of income from operations, if one is presented. Additionally, only the service cost component is eligible for capitalization, when applicable. The amendments as set forth in ASU 2017-07 are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company adopted the requirements of ASU 2017-07 on April 1, 2018. The Company will apply the guidance on the presentation of the components of net periodic benefit cost in the income statement retrospectively and the guidance limiting the capitalization of net periodic benefit cost in assets to the service cost component will be applied prospectively. The Company expects the adoption of ASU 2017-07 to result in an unfavorable impact to consolidated operating profit and a corresponding favorable impact in non-operating income for each year. Further, in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, the Company expects to record a charge in the range of approximately 85,000 to 90,000 (pre-tax) representing incremental forward losses due to the adoption. Excluding the service costs, the net periodic pension benefit for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 was 76,932 . 
 In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities ("ASU 2017-12"), which intends to improve and simplify accounting rules around hedge accounting. ASU 2017-12 refines and expands hedge accounting for both financial (i.e., interest rate) and commodity risks. In addition, it creates more transparency around how economic results are presented, both on the face of the financial statements and in the footnotes. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those annual periods, which will be our interim period beginning April1, 2019. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in any interim period after the issuance of ASU 2017-12. The adoption of ASU 2017-12 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting ("ASU 2017-09"), which provides clarity on determining which changes to the terms and conditions of share-based payment awards require an entity to apply modification accounting under ASC 718. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods, which will be our interim period beginning April 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in any interim period. The amendments should be applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption date. The adoption of ASU 2017-09 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (ASC 842) ("ASU 2016-02"). This update requires recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet of lessees. ASC 842 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim reporting periods within those years, which will be our interim period beginning April 1, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective transition approach and provides certain optional transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the guidance to determine the impact it will have to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 69 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ("ASU 2016-09"). ASU 2016-09 identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company prospectively adopted ASU 2016-09 during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and it did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. The prior periods were not adjusted as a result of the adoption. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 The Company recognizes compensation expense for share-based awards based on the fair value of those awards at the date of grant. Stock-based compensation expense for fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , was 7,949 , 7,922 and 2,657 , respectively. The Company has classified share-based compensation within selling, general and administrative expenses to correspond with the same line item as the majority of the cash compensation paid to employees. Upon the exercise of stock options or vesting of restricted stock, the Company first transfers treasury stock, then will issue new shares (see Note 16 for further details). 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , the Company paid 11,190 , 7,930 and 4,887 respectively, for income taxes, net of income tax refunds received. The Company made interest payments of 86,345 , 72,533 and 62,325 for fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. 
 During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , the Company financed 8,166 , 13,066 and 188 of property and equipment additions through capital leases, respectively. 
 Warranty Reserves 
 A reserve has been established to provide for the estimated future cost of warranties on our delivered products. The Company periodically reviews the reserves and adjustments are made accordingly. A provision for warranty on products delivered is made on the basis of historical experience and identified warranty issues. Warranties cover such factors as non-conformance to specifications and defects in material and workmanship. The majority of the Company's agreements include a three -year warranty, although certain programs have warranties up to 20 years. Warranty reserves are included in accrued expenses and other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The warranty reserves for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 , were 69,588 and 107,088 , respectively. A significant component of the decrease to the warranty reserve for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, relates to a specific matter that we acquired from the seller for which we have an offsetting indemnification receivable from the seller, which is included in other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

3. 
 ACQUISITION 
 Effective October 21, 2015, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Fairchild Controls Corporation ("Fairchild"). Fairchild is a leading provider of proprietary thermal management systems, auxiliary power generation systems, and related aftermarket spares and repairs. The acquired business operates as Triumph Thermal Systems-Maryland, Inc., and its results are included in Integrated Systems from the date of acquisition. 
 The purchase price for Fairchild was 57,130 , including a working capital adjustment. Goodwill in the amount of 14,695 was recognized for this acquisition and is calculated as the excess of consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized such as assembled workforce. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The Company also identified an intangible asset related to customer relationships valued at 18,000 with a weighted-average life of 12.0 years. 
 The Company finalized its estimates after it was able to determine that it had obtained all necessary information that existed as of the acquisition date related to these matters. 
 
 70 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

The Fairchild acquisition has been accounted for under the acquisition method and, accordingly, is included in the consolidated financial statements from the effective date of acquisition. The Company incurred 569 in acquisition-related costs in connection with the Fairchild acquisition. 
 
 4. 
 DIVESTED OPERATIONS AND ASSETS HELD FOR SALE 
 In March 2018, the Company sold all of the shares of Triumph Structures Long Island, LLC ("TS-LI") for cash proceeds of 9,500 , and a note receivable of 1,400 . As a result of the sale of TS-LI, the Company recognized a loss of 10,370 which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Loss on divestitures." The operating results of TS-LI were included in Aerospace Structures through the date of disposal. 
 In September 2017, the Company sold all of the shares of Triumph Processing - Embee Division, Inc. ("Embee") for total cash proceeds of 64,986 . As a result of the sale of Embee, the Company recognized a loss of 17,857 which is presented in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Loss on divestitures." The operating results of Embee were included in Integrated Systems through the date of disposal. 
 In December 2016, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to divest Triumph Air Repair, the Auxiliary Power Unit Overhaul Operations of Triumph Aviation Services - Asia, Ltd. and Triumph Engines - Tempe ("Engines and APU") for total cash proceeds of 60,364 . As a result, the Company recognized a loss of 14,263 on the sale. The operating results of Engines and APU were included in Product Support through the date of disposal. The transaction closed during the quarter ended June 30, 2017. An option to purchase the repair part line from Triumph Aviation Services - Asia, Ltd. was executed by the buyer of Engines and APU in May 2018 for total cash proceeds of 17,794 . This transaction is expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2019 and is expected to result in a gain. The related assets and liabilities are shown as held for sale in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In September 2016, the Company sold all of the shares of Triumph Aerospace Systems-Newport News, Inc. ("TAS-Newport News") for total cash proceeds of 9,000 . As a result of the sale of TAS-Newport News, the Company recognized a loss of 4,861 which is presented in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income as "Loss on divestitures." The operating results of TAS-Newport News were included in Integrated Systems through the date of disposal. 
 The disposal of these entities does not represent a strategic shift and is not expected to have a major effect on the Company's operations or financial results, as defined by ASC 205-20, Discontinued Operations ; as a result, the disposals do not meet the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations. 
 To measure the amount of impairment related to the divestitures, the Company compared the fair values of assets and liabilities at the evaluation dates to the carrying amounts at the end of the month prior to the respective evaluation dates. The sale of TS-LI, Embee, Newport News and Engines and APU assets and liabilities are categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The key assumption included the negotiated sales price of the assets and the assumptions of the liabilities (see Note 2 above for definition of levels). 
 In May 2018, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to divest Triumph Structures - Los Angles, Inc. ("TSLA") and Triumph Processing, Inc. ("TPI"). The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2019. The operating results for TSLA and TPI are included in Aerospace Structures for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. 

71 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

5. 
 INVENTORIES 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (average-cost or specific-identification methods) or market. The components of inventories are as follows: 
 
 March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 Raw materials 
 
 69,069 

89,069 
 
 Work-in-process, including manufactured and purchased components 
 1,591,952 

1,297,989 
 
 Finished goods 
 95,234 

118,265 
 
 Rotable assets 
 58,060 

57,337 
 
 Less: unliquidated progress payments 
 (387,146) 
 
 (222,485) 
 Total inventories 
 
 1,427,169 

1,340,175 

According to the provisions of U.S. Government contracts, the customer has title to, or a security interest in, substantially all inventories related to such contracts. Included above is total net inventory on government contracts of 19,695 and 34,392 , respectively, at March 31, 2018 and 2017 . 
 Work-in-process inventory includes capitalized pre-production costs on newer development programs. Capitalized pre-production costs include nonrecurring engineering, planning and design, including applicable overhead, incurred before production is manufactured on a regular basis. Significant customer-directed work changes can also cause pre-production costs to be incurred. These costs are typically recovered over a contractually determined number of ship set deliveries. The balance of development program inventory, composed principally of capitalized pre-production costs, excluding progress payments related to the Company's contracts with Bombardier for the Global 7000/8000 program ("Bombardier") and Embraer for the second generation E-Jet ("Embraer") are as follows: 
 March 31, 2018 
 
 Inventory 
 
 Capitalized Pre-Production 
 
 Forward Loss Provision 
 
 Total Inventory, net 
 Bombardier 
 
 321,780 

685,503 

(343,000) 

664,283 
 
 Embraer 
 38,125 

180,340 

(983) 
 
 217,482 
 
 Total 
 
 359,905 

865,843 

(343,983) 

881,765 

March 31, 2017 
 
 Inventory 
 
 Capitalized Pre-Production 
 
 Forward Loss Provision 
 
 Total Inventory, net 
 Bombardier 
 
 89,650 

589,449 

(399,758) 

279,341 
 
 Embraer 
 14,987 

173,169 

(5,800) 
 
 182,356 
 
 Total 
 
 104,637 

762,618 

(405,558) 

461,697 

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, the Company recorded a 399,758 forward loss charge for the Bombardier Global 7000/8000 wing program. Under our contract for this program, the Company has the right to design, develop and manufacture wing components for the Global 7000 program. The Global 7000/8000 contract provides for fixed pricing and requires the Company to fund certain up-front development expenses, with certain milestone payments made by Bombardier. 
 The Global 7000/8000 program charge resulted in the impairment of previously capitalized pre-production costs due to the combination of cost recovery uncertainty, higher than anticipated nonrecurring costs and increased forecasted costs on recurring production. The increases in costs were driven by several factors, including changing technical requirements, increased spending on the design and engineering phase of the program and uncertainty regarding cost reduction and cost recovery initiatives with our customer and suppliers. 
 The Global 7000/8000 program has continued to incur costs since March 2016 in support of the development and transition to production. 
 
 72 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

In May 2017, Triumph Aerostructures and Bombardier entered into a comprehensive settlement agreement that resolved all outstanding commercial disputes between them, including all pending litigation, related to the design, manufacture and supply of wing components for Bombardier s Global 7000 business aircraft. The settlement reset the commercial relationship between the companies and allows each company to better achieve its business objectives going forward. 
 Further cost increases or an inability to meet revised recurring cost forecasts on the Global 7000/8000 program may result in additional forward loss reserves in future periods, while improvements in future costs compared to current estimates may result in favorable adjustments if forward loss reserves are no longer required. 
 The Company is still in the early production stages for the Bombardier and Embraer programs, as these aircrafts are scheduled to enter service in calendar 2018, or later. Transition of these programs from development to recurring production levels is dependent upon the success of the programs achieving flight testing and certification, as well as the ability of the Bombardier and Embraer programs to generate acceptable levels of aircraft sales. The failure to achieve these milestones and level of sales or significant cost overruns may result in additional forward losses. 

6. 
 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
 Net property and equipment is: 
 
 March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 Land 
 
 61,410 

65,338 
 
 Construction in process 
 21,364 

31,808 
 
 Buildings and improvements 
 371,947 

378,193 
 
 Furniture, fixtures and computer equipment 
 166,800 

160,298 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 973,805 

982,240 

1,595,326 

1,617,877 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 869,323 

812,847 

726,003 

805,030 

Depreciation expense for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , was 101,873 , 123,199 and 122,197 , respectively, which includes depreciation of assets under capital lease. Included in furniture, fixtures and computer equipment above is 92,273 and 91,557 , respectively, of capitalized software at March 31, 2018 and 2017 , which was offset by accumulated depreciation of 86,762 and 76,847 , respectively. 
 
 7. 
 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
 The following is a summary of the changes in the carrying value of goodwill by reportable segment, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 : 
 
 Integrated Systems 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 
 Product Support 
 
 Total 
 Balance, March 31, 2017 
 
 541,155 

532,418 

69,032 

1,142,605 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 

(535,227) 

(535,227) 
 Goodwill associated with dispositions 
 (27,709) 

(27,709) 
 Effect of exchange rate changes 
 10,447 

2,809 

(97) 
 
 13,159 
 
 Balance, March 31, 2018 
 
 523,893 

68,935 

592,828 

73 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Integrated Systems 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 
 Product Support 
 
 Total 
 Balance, March 31, 2016 
 
 560,696 

802,102 

81,456 

1,444,254 
 
 Goodwill recognized in connection with acquisitions 
 (1,834) 

(1,834) 
 Impairment of goodwill 

(266,298) 

(266,298) 
 Goodwill associated with dispositions 
 (6,600) 

(12,665) 
 
 (19,265) 
 Effect of exchange rate changes 
 (11,107) 
 
 (3,386) 
 
 241 

(14,252) 
 Balance, March 31, 2017 
 
 541,155 

532,418 

69,032 

1,142,605 

As of March 31, 2018 , Aerospace Structures had goodwill of 1,399,128 , which was fully impaired. 
 Intangible Assets 
 The components of intangible assets, net are as follows: 
 
 March 31, 2018 
 
 Weighted- 
 Average Life (in Years) 
 
 Gross Carrying 
 Amount 
 
 Accumulated 
 Amortization 
 
 Net 
 Customer relationships 
 17.3 

606,148 

(240,779) 

365,369 
 
 Product rights, technology and licenses 
 11.4 
 
 55,253 

(41,858) 
 
 13,395 
 
 Noncompete agreements and other 
 16.3 
 
 2,756 

(965) 
 
 1,791 
 
 Tradenames 
 10.0 
 
 150,000 

(22,874) 
 
 127,126 
 
 Total intangibles, net 

814,157 

(306,476) 

507,681 

March 31, 2017 
 
 Weighted- 
 Average Life (in Years) 
 
 Gross Carrying 
 Amount 
 
 Accumulated 
 Amortization 
 
 Net 
 Customer relationships 
 16.6 

663,165 

(241,124) 

422,041 
 
 Product rights, technology and licenses 
 11.4 
 
 54,347 

(39,486) 
 
 14,861 
 
 Noncompete agreements and other 
 16.3 
 
 2,756 

(786) 
 
 1,970 
 
 Tradenames 
 10.3 
 
 163,000 

(9,508) 
 
 153,492 
 
 Total intangibles, net 

883,268 

(290,904) 

592,364 

During the third quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, the Company performed an interim assessment of fair value on our indefinite-lived intangible assets due to indicators of impairment related to the continued decline in our stock price during the fiscal third quarter. The Company estimated the fair value of the tradenames using the relief-from-royalty method, which uses several significant assumptions, including revenue projections that consider historical and estimated future results, general economic and market conditions, as well as the impact of planned business and operational strategies. The following estimates and assumptions were also used in the relief-from-royalty method: 
 Royalty rates between 2 and 4 based on market observed royalty rates and profit split analysis; and 
 Discount rates between 12 and 13 based on the required rate of return for the tradename assets. 
 Based on the Company's evaluation of indefinite-lived assets, including the tradenames, the Company concluded that the Vought tradename had a fair value of 195,800 (Level 3) compared to a carrying value of 425,000 . Accordingly, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the third quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, of 229,200 , which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets." The decline in fair value compared to carrying value of the Vought tradename is the result of declining revenues from production rate reductions and the slower than previously projected ramp in Bombardier Global 7000/8000 and the timing of associated earnings. 
 
 74 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, the Company performed its annual assessment of fair value on our indefinite-lived intangible assets. The Company estimated the fair value of the tradenames using the relief-from-royalty method, which uses several significant assumptions, including revenue projections that consider historical and estimated future results, general economic and market conditions, as well as the impact of planned business and operational strategies. The following estimates and assumptions were also used in the relief-from-royalty method: 
 Royalty rates between 2 and 4 based on market observed royalty rates and profit split analysis; and 
 Discount rate of 14 based on the required rate of return for the tradename assets, which increased from our interim assessment driven by increased risk due to continued declines in stock price and related market multiples for stock price to EBITDA of both the Company and our peer group and increased interest rates. 
 Based on the Company's evaluation of indefinite-lived assets, including the tradenames, the Company concluded that the Vought and Embee tradenames had a fair value of 163,000 (Level 3) compared to a carrying value of 209,200 . Accordingly, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, of 46,200 , which is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as "Impairment of intangible assets" and a change from an indefinite-life to a useful life of 20 years.. The decline in fair value of the Vought and Embee tradenames is the result of declining revenues from production rate reductions and the slower than previously projected ramp in Bombardier Global 7000/8000 and the timing of associated earnings. 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, as part of the Company's annual assessment, the Company determined that the remaining estimated useful life for the Vought tradename should be reduced from a useful life of 20 years to a useful life of 10 years, as it better represents the financial performance relative to the expected performance. 
 In the event of significant loss of revenues and related earnings associated with the Vought tradename, further impairment charges may be required, which would adversely affect our operating results. 
 Amortization expense for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , was 56,495 , 53,746 and 54,620 , respectively. Amortization expense for the five fiscal years succeeding March 31, 2018 , by year is expected to be as follows: 2019 : 52,691 ; 2020 : 51,149 ; 2021 : 51,126 ; 2022 : 49,859 ; 2023 : 49,870 and thereafter: 252,986 . 

8. 
 ACCRUED EXPENSES 
 Accrued expenses consist of the following items: 
 March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 Accrued pension 
 
 764 

4,094 
 
 Deferred revenue, advances and progress billings 
 234,198 

256,275 
 
 Accrued other postretirement benefits 
 11,584 

15,983 
 
 Accrued compensation and benefits 
 101,775 

89,419 
 
 Accrued interest 
 11,873 

17,911 
 
 Warranty reserve 
 24,319 

29,110 
 
 Accrued workers' compensation 
 17,888 

17,354 
 
 Accrued income tax 
 4,852 

3,873 
 
 Loss contract reserve 
 79,376 

172,416 
 
 All other 
 70,476 

67,944 
 
 Total accrued expenses 
 
 557,105 

674,379 

75 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

9. 
 LEASES 
 At March 31, 2018 , future minimum payments under noncancelable operating leases with initial or remaining terms of more than one year were as follows: 2019 26,090 ; 2020 21,701 ; 2021 18,776 ; 2022 14,404 ; 2023 10,839 and thereafter 42,415 through 2031 . In the normal course of business, operating leases are generally renewed or replaced by other leases. 
 Total rental expense was 42,676 , 39,114 and 33,279 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. 

10. 
 LONG-TERM DEBT 
 Long-term debt consists of the following: 
 
 March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 Revolving credit facility 
 
 112,887 

29,999 
 
 Term loan 

309,375 
 
 Receivable securitization facility 
 107,800 

112,900 
 
 Capital leases 
 59,546 

72,800 
 
 Senior notes due 2021 
 375,000 

375,000 
 
 Senior notes due 2022 
 300,000 

300,000 
 
 Senior notes due 2025 
 500,000 

Other debt 

7,978 
 
 Less: debt issuance costs 
 (16,949) 
 
 (11,752) 
 
 1,438,284 

1,196,300 
 
 Less: current portion 
 16,527 

160,630 

1,421,757 

1,035,670 

Revolving Credit Facility 
 In July 2017, the Company entered into a Ninth Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Ninth Amendment and the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by the Ninth Amendment, the Credit Agreement with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto to, among other things, (i) permit the Company to incur High Yield Indebtedness (as defined in the Credit Agreement) in an aggregate principal amount of up to 500,000 , subject to the Company s obligations to apply the net proceeds from this offering to repay the outstanding principal amount of the term loans in full, (ii) limit the mandatory prepayment provisions to eliminate the requirement that net proceeds received from the incurrence of Permitted Indebtedness (as defined in the Credit Agreement), including the High Yield Indebtedness, be applied to reduce the revolving credit commitments once the revolving credit commitments have been reduced to 800,000 , (iii) amend certain covenants and other terms and (iv) modify the current interest rate and letter of credit pricing tiers. 
 In connection with the amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Company incurred 633 of financing costs. These costs, along with the 13,226 of unamortized financing costs subsequent to the amendment, are being amortized over the remaining term of the Credit Agreement. In accordance with the reduction in the capacity of the Credit Agreement, the Company wrote-off a proportional amount of unamortized financing fees prior to the amendment. 
 In May 2017, the Company entered into an Eighth Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among the Company and its lenders to, among other things, (i) eliminate the total leverage ratio financial covenant, (ii) increase the maximum permitted senior secured leverage ratio financial covenant applicable to each fiscal quarter, commencing with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2017, and to revise the step-downs applicable to such financial covenant, (iii) reduce the aggregate principal amount of commitments under the revolving line of credit to 850,000 from 1,000,000 , (iv) modify the maturity date of the term loans so that all of the term loans will mature on March 31, 2019, and (v) establish a new higher pricing tier for the interest rate, commitment fee and letter of credit fee pricing provisions. 
 
 76 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

The obligations under the Credit Facility and related documents are secured by liens on substantially all assets of the Company and its domestic subsidiaries pursuant to a Second Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2013, among the administrative agent, the Company and the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto. 
 Pursuant to the Credit Facility, the Company can borrow, repay and re-borrow revolving credit loans, and cause to be issued letters of credit, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 800,000 outstanding at any time. The Credit Facility bears interest at either: (i) LIBOR plus between 1.50 and 3.50 ; (ii) the prime rate; or (iii) an overnight rate at the option of the Company. The applicable interest rate is based upon the Company s ratio of total indebtedness to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. In addition, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee of 0.50 on the unused portion of the Credit Facility. The Company s obligations under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by the Company s domestic subsidiaries. 
 The obligations under the Credit Facility and related documents are secured by liens on substantially all assets of the Company and its domestic subsidiaries pursuant to an Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2013, among the administrative agent, the Company and the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto. 
 At March 31, 2018 , there were 112,887 in outstanding borrowings and 30,641 in letters of credit under the Credit Facility primarily to support insurance policies. At March 31, 2017 , there were 29,999 in borrowings and 27,240 in letters of credit outstanding. The level of unused borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility varies from time to time depending in part upon the Company's compliance with financial and other covenants set forth in the related agreement. The Credit Facility contains certain affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on specified levels of indebtedness to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and interest coverage requirements, and includes limitations on, among other things, liens, mergers, consolidations, sales of assets, payment of dividends and incurrence of debt. If an event of default were to occur under the Credit Facility, the lenders would be entitled to declare all amounts borrowed under it immediately due and payable. The occurrence of an event of default under the Credit Facility could also cause the acceleration of obligations under certain other agreements. The Company is in compliance with all such covenants as of March 31, 2018 . As of March 31, 2018 , the Company had borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility of 656,472 after reductions for borrowings and letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Facility. 
 The Credit Facility also provided for a variable rate term loan (the "2013 Term Loan"). The Company repaid the outstanding principal amount of the 2013 Term Loan in quarterly installments, on the first business day of each January, April, July and October. The 2013 Term Loan was paid in full with the proceeds from the Senior Notes due 2025 (see below). 
 The Company previously maintained an interest rate swap agreement to reduce its exposure to interest on the variable rate portion of its long-term debt. In conjunction with the repayment of the 2013 Term Loan, the Company terminated the interest rate swap receiving 280 upon settlement which is included in Interest expense and other on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 As of March 31, 2017, the interest rate swap agreement had a notional amount of 309,375 , respectively, and a fair value of 309 , respectively, which was recorded in other comprehensive income net of applicable taxes (Level 2). 
 Receivables Securitization Program 
 In November 2017, the Company amended its receivable securitization facility (the "Securitization Facility"), decreasing the purchase limit from 225,000 to 125,000 and extending the term through November 2020. In connection with the Securitization Facility, the Company sells on a revolving basis certain eligible accounts receivable to Triumph Receivables, LLC, a wholly owned special-purpose entity, which in turn sells a percentage ownership interest in the receivables to commercial paper conduits sponsored by financial institutions. The Company is the servicer of the accounts receivable under the Securitization Facility. As of March 31, 2018 , the maximum amount available under the Securitization Facility was 125,000 . Interest rates are based on prevailing market rates for short-term commercial paper plus a program fee and a commitment fee. The program fee is 0.13 on the amount outstanding under the Securitization Facility. Additionally, the commitment fee is 0.50 on 100 of the maximum amount available under the Securitization Facility. At March 31, 2018 , 107,800 was outstanding under the Securitization Facility. The Company securitizes its accounts receivable, which are generally non-interest bearing, in transactions that are accounted for as borrowings pursuant to the Transfers and Servicing topic of the ASC. 
 The agreement governing the Securitization Facility contains restrictions and covenants which include limitations on the making of certain restricted payments, creation of certain liens, and certain corporate acts such as mergers, consolidations and the sale of substantially all assets. The Company was in compliance with all such covenants as of March 31, 2018 . 
 
 77 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Capital Leases 
 During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , the Company entered into new capital leases in the amounts of 8,166 , 13,066 and 188 , respectively, to finance a portion of the Company's capital additions for the respective years. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, the Company obtained financing for existing fixed assets in the amount of 6,497 . 
 Senior Notes due 2021 
 On February 26, 2013, the Company issued 375,000 principal amount of 4.875 Senior Notes due 2021 (the "2021 Notes"). The 2021 Notes were sold at 100 of principal amount and have an effective interest yield of 4.875 . Interest on the 2021 Notes accrues at the rate of 4.875 per annum and is payable semiannually in cash in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2013. In connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes, the Company incurred approximately 6,327 of costs, which were deferred and are being amortized on the effective interest method over the term of the 2021 Notes. 
 The 2021 Notes are the Company's senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of its other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and senior in right of payment to all of its existing and future subordinated indebtedness. The 2021 Notes are guaranteed on a full, joint and several basis by each of the Guarantor Subsidiaries. 
 The Company may redeem some or all of the 2021 Notes prior to April 1, 2017, by paying a "make-whole" premium. The Company may redeem some or all of the 2021 Notes on or after April 1, 2017, at specified redemption prices. In addition, prior to April 1, 2016, the Company could have redeemed up to 35 of the 2021 Notes with the net proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 104.875 of the aggregate principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, subject to certain limitations set forth in the indenture governing the 2021 Notes (the "2021 Indenture"). 
 The Company is obligated to offer to repurchase the 2021 Notes at a price of (i) 101 of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, as a result of certain change of control events and (ii) 100 of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, in the event of certain asset sales. These restrictions and prohibitions are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. 
 The 2021 Indenture contains covenants that, among other things, limit the Company's ability and the ability of any of the Guarantor Subsidiaries to (i) grant liens on its assets, (ii) make dividend payments, other distributions or other restricted payments, (iii) incur restrictions on the ability of the Guarantor Subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments, (iv) enter into sale and leaseback transactions, (v) merge, consolidate, transfer or dispose of substantially all of their assets, (vi) incur additional indebtedness, (vii) use the proceeds from sales of assets, including capital stock of restricted subsidiaries, and (viii) enter into transactions with affiliates. 
 During May 2016, to ensure that the Company had full access to the Credit Facility during fiscal 2017, the Company obtained approval from the holders of the 2021 Notes to amend the terms of the indenture to conform with the 2022 Notes (as defined below) which allows for a higher level of secured debt. Absent this consent, the Company would have been restricted as to the level of new borrowings under the Credit Facility during fiscal 2017. 
 Senior Notes due 2022 
 On June 3, 2014, the Company issued 300,000 principal amount of 5.250 Senior Notes due 2022 (the "2022 Notes"). The 2022 Notes were sold at 100 of principal amount and have an effective interest yield of 5.250 . Interest on the 2022 Notes accrues at the rate of 5.250 per annum and is payable semiannually in cash in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on December 1, 2014. In connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes, the Company incurred approximately 4,990 of costs, which were deferred and are being amortized on the effective interest method over the term of the 2022 Notes. 
 The 2022 Notes are the Company's senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of its other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and senior in right of payment to all of its existing and future subordinated indebtedness. The 2022 Notes are guaranteed on a full, joint and several basis by each of the Guarantor Subsidiaries. 
 The Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes prior to June 1, 2017, by paying a "make-whole" premium. The Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes on or after June 1, 2017, at specified redemption prices. In addition, prior to June 1, 2017, the Company may redeem up to 35 of the 2022 Notes with the net proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 105.250 of the aggregate principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, subject to certain limitations set forth in the indenture governing the 2022 Notes (the "2022 Indenture"). 
 
 78 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

The Company is obligated to offer to repurchase the 2022 Notes at a price of (i) 101 of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, as a result of certain change-of-control events and (ii) 100 of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, in the event of certain asset sales. These restrictions and prohibitions are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. 
 The 2022 Indenture contains covenants that, among other things, limit the Company's ability and the ability of any of the Guarantor Subsidiaries to (i) grant liens on its assets, (ii) make dividend payments, other distributions or other restricted payments, (iii) incur restrictions on the ability of the Guarantor Subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments, (iv) enter into sale and leaseback transactions, (v) merge, consolidate, transfer or dispose of substantially all of their assets, (vi) incur additional indebtedness, (vii) use the proceeds from sales of assets, including capital stock of restricted subsidiaries, and (viii) enter into transactions with affiliates. 
 Senior Notes Due 2025 
 On August 17, 2017, the Company issued 500,000 principal amount of 7.750 Senior Notes due 2025 (the "2025 Notes"). The 2025 Notes were sold at 100 of principal amount and have an effective interest yield of 7.750 . Interest on the 2025 Notes accrues at the rate of 7.750 per annum and is payable semiannually in cash in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15 , 2018. In connection with the issuance of the 2025 Notes, the Company incurred approximately 8,779 of costs, which were deferred and are being amortized on the effective interest method over the term of the 2025 Notes. 
 The 2025 Notes are the Company's senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of its other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and senior in right of payment to all of its existing and future subordinated indebtedness. The 2025 Notes are guaranteed on a full, joint and several basis by each of the Guarantor Subsidiaries. 
 The Company may redeem some or all of the 2025 Notes prior to August 15, 2020 by paying a "make-whole" premium. The Company may redeem some or all of the 2025 Notes on or after August 15, 2020, at specified redemption prices. In addition, prior to August 15, 2020, the Company may redeem up to 35 of the 2025 Notes with the net proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 107.750 of the aggregate principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, subject to certain limitations set forth in the indenture governing the 2025 Notes (the "2025 Indenture"). 
 The Company is obligated to offer to repurchase the 2025 Notes at a price of (i) 101 of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, as a result of certain change-of-control events and (ii) 100 of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, in the event of certain asset sales. These restrictions and prohibitions are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. 
 The 2025 Indenture contains covenants that, among other things, limit the Company's ability and the ability of any of the guarantor subsidiaries to (i) grant liens on its assets, (ii) make dividend payments, other distributions or other restricted payments, (iii) incur restrictions on the ability of the Guarantor Subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments, (iv) enter into sale and leaseback transactions, (v) merge, consolidate, transfer or dispose of substantially all of their assets, (vi) incur additional indebtedness, (vii) use the proceeds from sales of assets, including capital stock of restricted subsidiaries, and (viii) enter into transactions with affiliates. 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 On March 28, 2016, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement ("Receivables Purchase Agreement") to sell certain accounts receivables to a financial institution without recourse. The Company was the servicer of the accounts receivable under the Receivables Purchase Agreement. Interest rates are based on LIBOR plus 0.65 - 0.70 . As of March 31, 2017, the Company sold 78,006 worth of eligible accounts receivable. The Company currently has no capacity under the Receivables Purchase Agreement to sell Accounts Receivable. 
 Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value 
 Carrying amounts and the related estimated fair values of the Company's long-term debt not recorded at fair value in the consolidated financial statements are as follows: 
 
 79 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

March 31, 2018 
 
 March 31, 2017 
 Carrying 
 Value 
 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Carrying 
 Value 
 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 1,438,284 

1,446,151 

1,196,300 

1,178,968 

The fair value of the long-term debt was calculated based on either interest rates available for debt with terms and maturities similar to the Company's existing debt arrangements or broker quotes on our existing debt (Level 2 inputs). 
 Interest paid on indebtedness during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , amounted to 86,345 , 72,533 and 62,325 , respectively. Interest capitalized during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , was 464 , 158 and 668 , respectively. 
 As of March 31, 2018 , the maturities of long-term debt are as follows: 2019 16,527 ; 2020 14,236 ; 2021 119,858 ; 2022 494,549 ; 2023 302,009 ; and thereafter 508,054 through 2021 . 

11. 
 OTHER NONCURRENT LIABILITIES 
 Other noncurrent liabilities are composed of the following items: 
 
 March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 Acquired contract liabilities, net 
 
 274,167 

394,883 
 
 Accrued warranties 
 45,269 

77,978 
 
 Accrued workers' compensation 
 14,278 

16,881 
 
 Customer advances 
 69,897 

16,605 
 
 Deferred grant income 
 3,891 

3,985 
 
 Deferred rent 
 17,737 

8,072 
 
 Environmental contingencies 
 9,330 

5,495 
 
 Income tax reserves 
 580 

527 
 
 All other 
 6,716 

13,530 
 
 Total other noncurrent liabilities 
 
 441,865 

537,956 

12. 
 INCOME TAXES 
 The components of pretax (loss) income are as follows: 
 
 Year ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 Foreign 
 
 (57,673) 

23,398 

(13,673) 
 Domestic 
 (404,175) 
 
 (47,010) 
 
 (1,145,474) 

(461,848) 

(23,612) 

(1,159,147) 

80 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

The components of income tax (benefit) expense are as follows: 
 
 Year ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 Current: 

Federal 
 
 1,130 

5,074 

2,074 
 
 State 
 88 

445 

615 
 
 Foreign 
 5,433 

4,341 

4,426 

6,651 

9,860 

7,115 
 
 Deferred: 

Federal 
 (44,262) 
 
 9,782 

(148,069) 
 State 
 (14,672) 
 
 (3,166) 
 
 29,020 
 
 Foreign 
 15,826 

2,864 

747 

(43,108) 
 
 9,480 

(118,302) 

(36,457) 

19,340 

(111,187) 

A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the effective tax rate is as follows: 
 
 Year ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 Statutory federal income tax rate 
 31.5 

35.0 

35.0 
 
 State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
 3.2 

12.2 

1.8 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 (29.6) 
 
 (394.7) 
 
 (15.8) 
 Disposition of business 
 (0.3) 
 
 40.8 

Domestic production activities deduction 

9.6 

Miscellaneous permanent items and nondeductible accruals 
 (0.2) 
 
 (18.0) 
 
 (0.2) 
 Research and development tax credit 
 3.2 

43.5 

0.7 
 
 Foreign tax credits 
 1.2 

40.9 

0.2 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (3.4) 
 
 106.3 

(13.4) 
 Tax reform 
 5.1 

Other (including foreign rate differential and FIN 48) 
 (2.8) 
 
 42.5 

1.3 
 
 Effective income tax rate 
 7.9 

(81.9) 
 
 9.6 

81 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 
 
 March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss and other credit carryforwards 
 
 187,254 

113,440 
 
 Inventory 
 39,351 

92,718 
 
 Capitalized research and development 
 14,345 

Accruals and reserves 
 28,012 

53,264 
 
 Pension and other postretirement benefits 
 114,090 

227,487 
 
 Acquired contract liabilities, net 
 65,724 

143,443 

448,776 

630,352 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (146,770) 
 
 (141,214) 
 Net deferred tax assets 
 302,006 

489,138 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 

Deferred revenue 
 149,309 

207,966 
 
 Property and equipment 
 63,570 

123,250 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets 
 104,028 

211,981 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other 
 1,588 

2,236 

318,495 

545,433 
 
 Net deferred tax liabilities 
 
 16,489 

56,295 

The Company follows the Income Taxes topic of ASC 740, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute criteria for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, as well as guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. 
 On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Act ). Some of the more significant changes that impact the Company included in the Act are reductions in the corporate federal income tax rate from 35 to 21 , the elimination of the domestic manufacturing deduction, the ability to immediately expense certain property for specific tax years, the requirement for companies to pay a one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred, and new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings as the U.S. transitions to a territorial tax system. 
 The staff of the SEC has recognized the complexity of reflecting the impacts of the Act, and, on December 22, 2017, issued guidance in Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 SAB 118 ). SAB 118 clarifies accounting for income taxes under ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes , if information is not yet available or complete and provides for up to a one-year period in which to complete the required analyses and accounting ("the measurement period"). SAB 118 describes three scenarios (or buckets associated with a company s status of accounting for income tax reform: (1) a company is complete with its accounting for certain effects of tax reform, (2) a company is able to determine a reasonable estimate for certain effects of tax reform and records that estimate as a provisional amount, or (3) a company is not able to determine a reasonable estimate and therefore continues to apply ASC 740, based on the provisions of the tax laws that were in effect immediately prior to the Act being enacted. 
 At March 31, 2018, the Company has not completed its accounting for the tax effects of enactment of the Act; however, the Company has made a reasonable estimate of the effects on our existing deferred tax balances and the one-time transition tax. For the items for which the Company was able to determine a reasonable estimate, the Company recognized a provisional tax benefit of 23,398 , which is included as a component of income tax expense from continuing operations. 
 The Company has recorded a provisional tax benefit of 24,573 related to the impact of the Act s reduction in the statutory tax rate on its net deferred tax liability, as well as a provisional tax liability of 2,175 imposed on unremitted foreign earnings under the Act s mandatory repatriation provisions. While the Company believes these are reasonable estimates of the impact of the Act, additional time is needed to finalize these estimates. While the Company has computed and recorded these provisional amounts, these will be finalized within the established measurement period (not to exceed one year) as additional data and 
 
 82 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

information is gathered. The Company determined that the amounts recorded are provisional as adjustments may occur due to additional guidance from the IRS and as certain tax positions are finalized when the Company files its 2018 tax returns. 
 Due to the legislative changes aforementioned, companies need to continually reevaluate their indefinite assertion. Additional withholding taxes and/or deferred tax liability associated with basis differences may be required, but due to the legislative uncertainty around the withholding taxes on distributions under the Act, no estimate has been recorded as of March 31, 2018. This will be analyzed within the proscribed measurement period. The Company continues to review the anticipated impacts around the base erosion anti-abuse tax BEAT and the global intangible low taxed income GILTI which are effective April 1, 2018. The Company has not recorded any impact of these provisions as of March 31, 2018 but plans to perform a full analysis within the proscribed measurement period. 
 A valuation allowance, if needed, reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. When determining the amount of net deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized, the Company assesses all available positive and negative evidence. This evidence includes, but is not limited to, prior earnings history, expected future earnings, carry-back and carry-forward periods and the feasibility of ongoing tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of the realization of a deferred tax asset. The weight given to the positive and negative evidence is commensurate with the extent the evidence may be objectively verified. As such, it is generally difficult for positive evidence regarding projected future taxable income exclusive of reversing taxable temporary differences to outweigh objective negative evidence of recent financial reporting losses. 
 Based on these criteria and the relative weighting of both the positive and negative evidence available, and in particular the activity surrounding the Company's prior earnings history, including the forward losses and intangible impairments previously recognized, management determined that it was necessary to establish a valuation allowance against principally all of its net deferred tax assets at March 31, 2016. Given the objectivity verifiable negative evidence of a three-year cumulative loss and the weighting of all available positive evidence, the Company excluded projected taxable income (aside from reversing taxable temporary differences) from the assessment of income that could be used as a source of taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets. 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , the Company increased the valuation allowance against the consolidated net deferred tax asset by 5,556 . The impact of the Act resulted in a decrease of 9,312 to the valuation allowance with the remaining change attributable to increased valuation allowance on foreign deferred tax assets and other changes in net domestic deferred tax assets. As of March 31, 2018 , management determined that it was necessary to maintain a valuation allowance against principally all of its net deferred tax assets. 
 As of March 31, 2018 , the Company has net operating loss carryforwards of 131,352 , 889,234 and 157,894 for U.S. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions, respectively. 
 The effective income tax rate for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , was 7.9 as compared to (81.9) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 . The effective income tax rate for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , included the benefit of the R D tax credit of 14,878 , the benefit of the foreign tax credit of 5,385 , the benefit from the Act of 23,398 and the change in the valuation allowance of 15,575 (exclusive of the reduction in the valuation allowance attributable to the Act). The effective tax rate was also impacted by the non-deductible portion of the goodwill impairment of 136,532 . Due to the current year pre-tax loss, the effective tax rate drivers on a percentage basis are amplified. Accordingly, a year-over-year comparison of the effective tax rate may not be indicative of changes in the Company's tax position. 
 The Company has been granted income tax holiday as an incentive to attract foreign investment by the Government of Thailand. The tax holidays expire in various years through 2026. We do not have any other tax holidays in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The income tax benefit attributable to the tax status of our subsidiaries in Thailand was approximately 1,530 or 0.03 per diluted share in fiscal 2018 , 928 or 0.02 per diluted share in fiscal 2017 and (439) or (0.01) per diluted share in fiscal 2016 . 
 At March 31, 2018 , cumulative undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, for which no U.S. income or foreign withholding taxes have been recorded is 107,321 . As the Company currently intends to indefinitely reinvest all such earnings, no provision has been made for income taxes that may become payable upon distribution of such earnings, and it is not practicable to determine the amount of the related unrecognized deferred income tax liability. 
 The Company has classified uncertain tax positions as noncurrent income tax liabilities unless expected to be paid in one year. Penalties and tax-related interest expense are reported as a component of income tax expense. As of March 31, 2018 and 2017 , the total amount of accrued income tax-related interest and penalties was 327 and 282 , respectively. 
 
 83 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , the Company added 45 , 43 and 32 of interest and penalties related to activity for identified uncertain tax positions, respectively. 
 As of March 31, 2018 and 2017 , the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was 11,532 and 10,266 , respectively, all of which would impact the effective rate, if recognized. The Company anticipates that total unrecognized tax benefits may be reduced by zero in the next 12 months. 
 With a few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for fiscal years ended before March 31, 2011, U.S. federal income tax examinations for fiscal years ended March 31, 2012 and 2013, state or local examinations for fiscal years ended before March 31, 2013, or foreign income tax examinations by tax authorities for fiscal years ended before March 31, 2011. 
 As of March 31, 2018 , the Company is subject to examination in one state and no foreign jurisdictions. The Company has filed appeals in a prior state examination related to fiscal years ended March 31, 1999 through March 31, 2005. Because of net operating losses acquired as part of the acquisition of Vought, the Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations and various state jurisdiction examinations for the years ended December 31, 2002, and after related to previously filed Vought tax returns. The Company believes appropriate provisions for all outstanding issues have been made for all jurisdictions and all open years. 
 A reconciliation of the liability for uncertain tax positions, which are included in deferred taxes for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 , follows: 

Year ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 Beginning balance 
 
 10,696 

9,670 

8,826 
 
 Additions for tax positions related to the current year 
 1,032 

730 

669 
 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years 
 31 

296 

175 
 
 Ending balance 
 
 11,759 

10,696 

9,670 

13. 
 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 In 2014, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an increase in the Company's existing stock repurchase program by up to 5,000,000 shares of its common stock in addition to the 500,800 shares authorized under prior authorizations. As of March 31, 2018 , the Company remains able to purchase an additional 2,277,789 shares. Repurchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions, block purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise at prevailing prices. No time limit has been set for completion of the program. 
 The holders of the common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders of Triumph. 
 The Company has preferred stock of 0.01 par value, 250,000 shares authorized. At March 31, 2018 and 2017 , zero shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 

84 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss ("AOCI") by component for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 , were as follows: 

Currency Translation Adjustment 
 Unrealized Gains and Losses on Derivative Instruments 
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 
 Total (1) 
 Balance March 31, 2016 

(58,816) 
 
 (2,920) 
 
 (285,426) 

(347,162) 
 AOCI before reclassifications 
 
 (28,396) 
 6,582 
 
 (16,098) 
 
 (37,912) 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 

(1,509) 
 (9,595) 
 (2) 
 (11,104) 
 Net current period OCI 
 
 (28,396) 
 5,073 
 
 (25,693) 
 
 (49,016) 
 Balance March 31, 2017 
 
 (87,212) 
 2,153 
 
 (311,119) 
 
 (396,178) 
 AOCI before reclassifications 
 
 28,529 
 
 133 
 
 32,286 

60,948 
 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 

(2,164) 
 (30,476) 
 (2) 
 (32,640) 
 Net current period OCI 
 
 28,529 
 
 (2,031) 
 1,810 

28,308 
 
 Balance March 31, 2018 

(58,683) 
 
 122 

(309,309) 

(367,870) 

(1) Net of tax. 
 (2) Includes amortization of actuarial losses and recognized prior service (credits) costs, which are included in the net periodic pension cost of which a portion is allocated to production as inventoried costs. 

14. 
 LOSS PER SHARE 
 The following is a reconciliation between the weighted-average common shares outstanding used in the calculation of basic and diluted loss per share: 
 
 Year ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 
 (thousands) 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic 
 49,442 

49,303 

49,218 
 
 Net effect of dilutive stock options and nonvested stock 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted 
 49,442 

49,303 

49,218 

85 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

15. 
 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
 Defined Contribution Pension Plan 
 The Company sponsors a defined contribution 401(k) plan, under which salaried and certain hourly employees may defer a portion of their compensation. Eligible participants may contribute to the plan up to the allowable amount as determined by the plan of their regular compensation before taxes. The Company generally matches contributions up to 50 of the first 6 of compensation contributed by the participant. All contributions and Company matches are invested at the direction of the employee in one or more investment options offered under the plan. Company matching contributions vest immediately and aggregated 13,616 , 14,163 and 17,462 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. 
 Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 The Company sponsors several defined benefit pension plans covering some of its employees. Most employees are ineligible to participate in the plans or have ceased to accrue additional benefits under the plans. Benefits under the defined benefit plans are based on years of service and, for most non-represented employees, on average compensation for certain years. It is the Company's policy to fund at least the minimum amount required for all qualified plans, using actuarial cost methods and assumptions acceptable under applicable government regulations, by making payments into a trust separate from us. 
 In addition to the defined benefit pension plans, the Company provides certain health care benefits for eligible retired employees. Such benefits are unfunded as of March 31, 2018 . Employees achieve eligibility to participate in these contributory plans upon retirement from active service if they meet specified age and years of service requirements. Election to participate for some employees must be made at the date of retirement. Qualifying dependents of eligible retirees at the date of retirement are also eligible for medical coverage. Current plan documents reserve the right to amend or terminate the plans at any time, subject to applicable collective bargaining requirements for represented employees. From time to time, changes have been made to the benefits provided to various groups of plan participants. Premiums paid by the Company for most retirees for medical coverage prior to age 65 are capped and are based on years of service. Overall premiums are adjusted annually for changes in the cost of the plans as determined by an independent actuary. In addition to this medical inflation cost-sharing feature, the plans also have provisions for deductibles, co-payments, coinsurance percentages, out-of-pocket limits, schedules of reasonable fees, preferred provider networks, coordination of benefits with other plans and a Medicare carve-out. 
 The Company also sponsors an unfunded supplemental executive retirement plan ("SERP") that provides retirement benefits to certain key employees. 
 In accordance with ASC 715, the Company has recognized the funded status of the benefit obligation as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 , on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of the plans' assets and the PBO or accumulated postretirement benefit obligation of the plan. The majority of the plan assets are publicly traded investments which were valued based on the market price as of the measurement date. Investments that are not publicly traded were valued based on the estimated fair value of those investments based on our evaluation of data from fund managers and comparable market data. 
 The following table sets forth the Company's consolidated defined benefit pension plans for its union and non-union employees and its SERP as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 , and the amounts recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2018 and 2017 . Company contributions include amounts contributed directly to plan assets and indirectly as benefits paid from the Company's assets. Benefit payments reflect the total benefits paid from the plans and the Company's assets. Information on the plans includes both the domestic qualified and nonqualified plans and the foreign qualified plans. 
 
 86 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Pension Benefits 
 
 Other 
 Postretirement 
 Benefits 
 
 Year ended March 31, 
 
 Year ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 Change in projected benefit obligations 

Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year 
 
 2,346,990 

2,430,315 

164,128 

179,901 
 
 Service cost 
 4,505 

6,538 

391 

716 
 
 Interest cost 
 75,189 

72,638 

4,393 

4,987 
 
 Actuarial loss (gain) 
 19,110 

14,104 

(17,780) 
 
 (4,865) 
 Plan amendments 
 (1,939) 
 
 121 

(20,042) 

Participant contributions 
 187 

184 

885 

1,379 
 
 Settlements 
 (3,233) 

Benefits paid 
 (168,464) 
 
 (170,900) 
 
 (12,811) 
 
 (17,990) 
 Currency translation adjustment 
 5,471 

(6,010) 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 
 
 2,277,816 

2,346,990 

119,164 

164,128 
 
 Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year 
 
 2,272,505 

2,336,062 

119,164 

164,128 
 
 Assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at end of year 

Discount rate 
 2.65 - 4.01 

2.87 - 4.06 

3.93 

3.86 
 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 3.50 - 4.50 

3.50 - 4.50 

N/A 

N/A 

87 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Pension Benefits 
 
 Other 
 Postretirement 
 Benefits 
 
 Year ended March 31, 
 
 Year ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 Change in fair value of plan assets 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
 
 1,900,372 

1,925,685 

Actual return on plan assets 
 164,281 

149,103 

Settlements 
 (3,233) 

Participant contributions 
 187 

184 

885 

1,379 
 
 Company contributions 
 5,124 

2,146 

11,926 

16,611 
 
 Benefits paid 
 (168,464) 
 
 (170,900) 
 
 (12,811) 
 
 (17,990) 
 Currency translation adjustment 
 5,634 

(5,846) 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
 
 1,903,901 

1,900,372 

Funded status (underfunded) 

Funded status 
 
 (373,915) 

(446,618) 

(119,164) 

(164,128) 
 Reconciliation of amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets 

Pension asset noncurrent 
 
 3,155 

1,465 

Accrued benefit liability current 
 (764) 
 
 (4,094) 
 
 (11,584) 
 
 (15,983) 
 Accrued benefit liability noncurrent 
 (376,306) 
 
 (443,989) 
 
 (107,580) 
 
 (148,145) 
 Net amount recognized 
 
 (373,915) 

(446,618) 

(119,164) 

(164,128) 
 Reconciliation of amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income 

Prior service credits 
 
 (3,978) 

(4,852) 

(75,261) 

(33,920) 
 Actuarial losses (gains) 
 570,933 

577,605 

(19,151) 
 
 (64,756) 
 Income tax (benefits) expenses related to above items 
 (205,250) 
 
 (209,696) 
 
 42,016 

36,412 
 
 Unamortized benefit plan costs (gains) 
 
 361,705 

363,057 

(52,396) 

(62,264) 

88 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

The components of net periodic benefit cost for fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 are as follows: 
 
 Pension Benefits 
 
 Other 
 Postretirement Benefits 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 Components of net periodic pension cost 

Service cost 
 
 4,505 

6,538 

10,902 

391 

716 

1,186 
 
 Interest cost 
 75,189 

72,638 

88,708 

4,393 

4,987 

7,669 
 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 (152,346) 
 
 (155,991) 
 
 (162,285) 

Amortization of prior service credit cost 
 (2,841) 
 
 (1,782) 
 
 (4,038) 
 
 (8,537) 
 
 (13,464) 
 
 (10,810) 
 Amortization of net loss 
 13,905 

12,115 

9,488 

(7,275) 
 
 (6,588) 
 
 (6,106) 
 Curtailment gain (loss) 
 29 

(1,968) 
 
 (26,274) 

Settlements 
 523 

Special termination benefits 

724 

Total net periodic benefit (income) expense 
 
 (61,036) 

(66,482) 

(58,469) 

(37,302) 

(14,349) 

(8,061) 
 Assumptions used to determine net periodic pension cost 

Discount rate 
 2.87 - 4.06 

3.25 - 3.93 

3.31 - 4.11 

3.62 - 3.93 

3.73 

3.66 
 
 Expected long-term rate on assets 
 6.50 - 8.00 

6.50 - 8.00 

6.50 - 8.25 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 
 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 3.50 - 4.50 

3.50 - 4.50 

3.50 - 4.50 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

The discount rate is determined annually as of each measurement date, based on a review of yield rates associated with long-term, high-quality corporate bonds. At the end of each year, the discount rate is primarily determined using the results of bond yield curve models based on a portfolio of high-quality bonds matching notional cash inflows with the expected benefit payments for each significant benefit plan. 
 The expected return on plan assets is determined based on a market-related value of plan assets, which is a smoothed asset value. The market-related value of assets is calculated by recognizing investment performance that is different from that expected on a straight-line basis over five years. Actuarial gains and losses are amortized over the average remaining life expectancy of inactive participants for plans that are predominantly inactive and over the expected future service for active participants for other plans, but only to the extent unrecognized gains or losses exceed a corridor equal to 10 of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or market-related value of assets. 
 During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, the Company changed the method it uses to estimate the service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost for the Company s pension and other postretirement benefit plans. This new estimation approach discounts the individual expected cash flows underlying the service cost and interest cost by applying the specific spot rates derived from the yield curve used to discount the cash flows reflected in the measurement of the benefit obligation. Historically, the Company estimated these service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. 
 The Company made this change to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates. The Company has accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate that is inseparable from a change in accounting principle pursuance to ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, and accordingly have accounted for it prospectively. While the benefit obligation measured under this approach is unchanged from that determined under the prior approach, the more granular application of the spot rates reduced the service and interest cost for the pension and OPEB plans for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2017, by approximately 20,000 . The spot rates used to determine service and interest costs the U.S. plans ranged from 0.60 to 9.75 . Under the Company s prior methodology, these rates would have resulted in weighted-average rates for service cost and interest 
 
 89 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

cost of 3.86 for the U.S. Pension plans and 3.73 for the OPEB plans. The new approach was used to measure the service cost and interest cost for our pension and OPEB plans beginning with the fiscal year ending March 31, 2017. 
 Effective April 1, 2015, the Company changed the period over which actuarial gains and losses are being amortized for its U.S. pension plans from the average remaining future service period of active plan participants to the average life expectancy of inactive plan participants. This change was made because the Company has determined that as of that date almost all plan participants are inactive. 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Society of Actuaries released a new mortality projection scale that reduced expected future mortality improvements for participants of U.S. pension plans. The Company has reflected this projection scale in the measurement of our U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit plans as of March 31, 201. This change resulted in a decrease in the benefit obligation. 
 The Company periodically experiences events or makes changes to its benefit plans that result in curtailment or special charges. Curtailments are recognized when events occur that significantly reduce the expected years of future service of present employees or eliminates the benefits for a significant number of employees for some or all of their future service. 
 Curtailment losses are recognized when it is probable the curtailment will occur and the effects are reasonably estimable. Curtailment gains are recognized when the related employees are terminated or a plan amendment is adopted, whichever is applicable. 
 As required under ASC 715, the Company remeasures plan assets and obligations during an interim period whenever a significant event occurs that results in a material change in the net periodic pension cost. The determination of significance is based on judgment and consideration of events and circumstances impacting the pension costs. 
 The following summarizes the key events whose effects on net periodic benefit cost and obligations are included in the tables above: 
 
 In March 2018, the Company ratified a new collective bargaining agreement with a group of union-represented employees, who were working without an agreement. The agreement resulted in plan amendments for one of our pension plans and our postretirement welfare benefit plan. These amendments eliminated future service under the plans and generated curtailments, which accelerated 11,146 of prior service credits for the postretirement welfare benefits plan and accelerates 29 of prior service costs for the pension plan. These amounts were included in "Curtailment and settlement gain, net" on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 In November 2017, the Company announced an amendment to the postretirement welfare benefits plan for its non-represented employee participants. Effective January 1, 2018, the Company eliminated and reduced certain welfare benefits for non-represented retirees and active participants. Those changes resulted in a decrease in the OPEB obligation of 17,652 and a curtailment gain of 15,099 included in "Curtailment and settlement gain, net" on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 In March 2016, one of the Company's union-represented groups of employees ratified a new collective bargaining agreement. The agreement includes an amendment to the postretirement welfare plan, for which participants will no longer receive a benefit after the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. This change resulted in the termination of the plan and as a result, the plan's liability was eliminated as of March 31, 2016, and the Company recognized a credit of approximately 2,297 . Additionally, the agreement includes an amendment to the pension plan, under which participants will no longer continue to accrue a benefit after the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021. This change resulted in a curtailment gain of approximately 1,516 and is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations within "Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives." 
 
 In February 2016, one of the Company's union-represented groups of employees ratified a new collective bargaining agreement. The agreement includes an amendment to the pension plan, under which effective January 1, 2017, actively accruing participants will no longer accrue benefits once they reach 30 years of service under the plan. This change resulted in a curtailment gain of approximately 3,314 and is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations within "Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives." 
 
 In May 2015 and February 2016 the Company offered enhanced retirement benefits to employees of one of its union-represented groups. In order to receive these enhanced benefits, eligible employees had to agree to retire within a special window period. This change resulted in a special termination charge of approximately 724 and is presented 
 
 90 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations within "Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives." 
 
 In April 2015, the Company's largest union-represented group of employees ratified a new collective bargaining agreement. The agreement includes an amendment to the pension plan, under which participants will no longer accrue benefits after 30 years of service under the plan. This change resulted in a curtailment charge of approximately 2,863 and is presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations within "Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives." 
 The following table shows those amounts expected to be recognized in net periodic benefit costs during the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019 : 
 
 Pension 
 Benefits 
 
 Other 
 Postretirement 
 Benefits 
 Amounts expected to be recognized in FY 2019 net periodic benefit costs 

Prior service credit 
 
 (3,630) 

(4,655) 
 Actuarial loss 
 
 16,722 

(9,851) 

Expected Pension Benefit Payments 
 The total estimated future benefit payments for the pension plans are expected to be paid from the plan assets and company funds. The other postretirement plan benefit payments reflect the Company's portion of the funding. Estimated future benefit payments from plan assets and Company funds for the next ten years are as follows: 
 Year 
 Pension 
 Benefits 
 
 Other 
 Postretirement 
 Benefits 
 2019 
 
 172,114 

11,731 
 
 2020 
 168,993 

11,295 
 
 2021 
 165,827 

11,003 
 
 2022 
 163,143 

10,522 
 
 2023 
 161,307 

9,955 
 
 2022 - 2026 
 747,646 

41,444 

Net of expected Medicare Part D subsidies of 660 to 902 per year. 
 Plan Assets, Investment Policy and Strategy 
 The table below sets forth the Company's target asset allocation for fiscal 2018 and the actual asset allocations at March 31, 2018 and 2017 . 

Actual 
 Allocation 
 
 Target 
 Allocation 

March 31, 
 Asset Category 
 Fiscal 2018 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 Equity securities 
 40 - 50 
 
 45 

48 
 
 Fixed income securities 
 40 - 50 
 
 48 

47 
 
 Alternative investment funds 
 0 - 10 
 
 5 

5 
 
 Other 
 0 - 5 
 
 2 

Total 

100 

100 

Pension plan assets are invested in various asset classes that are expected to produce a sufficient level of diversification and investment return over the long-term. The investment goals are to exceed the assumed actuarial rate of return over the long-term within reasonable and prudent levels of risks and to meet future obligations. 
 
 91 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Asset/liability studies are conducted on a regular basis to provide guidance in setting investment goals for the pension portfolio and its asset allocation. The asset allocation aims to prudently achieve a strong, risk-adjusted return while seeking to minimize funding level volatility and improve the funded status of the plans. The pension plans currently employ a liability-driven investment ("LDI") approach, where assets and liabilities move in the same direction. The goal is to limit the volatility of the funding status and cover part, but not all, of the changes in liabilities. Most of the liabilities' changes are due to interest rate movements. 
 To balance expected risk and return, allocation targets are established and monitored against acceptable ranges. All investment policies and procedures are designed to ensure that the plans' investments are in compliance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA"). Guidelines are established defining permitted investments within each asset class. Each investment manager has contractual guidelines to ensure that investments are made within the parameters of their asset class or in the case of multi-asset class managers, the parameters of their multi-asset class strategy. Certain investments are not permitted at any time, including investment directly in employer securities and uncovered short sales. 
 The tables below provide the fair values of the Company's plan assets at March 31, 2018 and 2017 , by asset category. The table also identifies the level of inputs used to determine the fair value of assets in each category (see Note 2 for definition of levels). 
 March 31, 2018 
 
 Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 
 
 Total 
 Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 25,559 

6,670 

32,229 
 
 Equity securities 

International 
 164,033 

164,033 
 
 U.S. equity 
 63,037 

63,037 
 
 U.S. commingled fund 
 533,177 

533,177 
 
 International commingled fund 
 46,147 

46,147 
 
 Fixed income securities 

Corporate bonds 

118,474 

118,474 
 
 Government securities 

11,815 

11,815 
 
 U.S. commingled fund 
 681,807 

681,807 
 
 Other 

Insurance contracts 

1,256 

1,256 
 
 Total investment in securities assets 
 
 1,513,760 

136,959 

1,256 

1,651,975 

U.S. equity commingled fund 

4,428 
 
 International equity commingled fund 

44,779 
 
 U.S. fixed income commingled fund 

105,721 
 
 Private equity and infrastructure 

94,305 
 
 Other 

1,598 
 
 Total investment measured at NAV as a practical expedient 

250,831 
 
 Receivables 

1,238 
 
 Payables 

(143) 
 Total plan assets 

1,903,901 

92 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

March 31, 2017 
 
 Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 
 
 Total 
 Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 25,537 

3,343 

28,880 
 
 Equity securities 

International 
 173,898 

173,898 
 
 U.S. equity 
 68,454 

68,454 
 
 U.S. commingled fund 
 548,760 

548,760 
 
 International commingled fund 
 44,330 

8,605 

52,935 
 
 Fixed income securities 

Corporate bonds 

27,273 

27,273 
 
 Government securities 

149,295 

149,295 
 
 U.S. commingled fund 
 597,340 

597,340 
 
 International commingled fund 
 10,028 

3,651 

13,679 
 
 Other fixed income 

5,644 

5,644 
 
 Other 

Insurance contracts 

1,173 

1,173 
 
 Total investment in securities assets 
 
 1,468,347 

197,811 

1,173 

1,667,331 

U.S. equity commingled fund 

5,475 
 
 International equity commingled fund 

54,512 
 
 Government fixed income securities 

1,262 
 
 U.S. fixed income commingled fund 

85,682 
 
 International fixed income commingled fund 

5,828 
 
 Private equity and infrastructure 

76,200 
 
 Other 

1,564 
 
 Total investment measured at NAV as a practical expedient 

230,523 
 
 Receivables 

2,623 
 
 Payables 

(105) 
 Total plan assets 

1,900,372 

Cash equivalents and other short-term investments are primarily held in registered short-term investment vehicles which are valued using a market approach based on quoted market prices of similar instruments. 
 Public equity securities, including common stock, are primarily valued using a market approach based on the closing fair market prices of identical instruments in the principal market on which they are traded. Commingled funds that are open-ended mutual funds for which the fair value per share is determined and published by the respective mutual fund sponsor and is the basis for current observable transactions are categorized as Level 1 fair value measures. 
 Investments in commingled funds and private equity and infrastructure funds are carried at NAV as a practical expedient to estimate fair value. The NAV is the total value of the fund divided by the number of shares outstanding. Adjustments to NAV, if any, are determined based on evaluation of data provided by fund managers, including valuation of the underlying investments derived using inputs such as cost, operating results, discounted future cash flows and market-based comparable data. In accordance with Subtopic 820-10, investments that are measured at NAV practical expedient are not classified in the fair value hierarchy; however, their fair value amounts are presented in these tables to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the total plan assets disclosed in this footnote. 
 
 93 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Corporate, government agency bonds and mortgage-backed securities are primarily valued using a market approach with inputs that include broker quotes, benchmark yields, base spreads and reported observable trades for identical or comparable instruments. 
 Other investments include private equity and infrastructure funds and insurance contracts. Investments in private equity and infrastructure funds are carried at estimated fair value based on NAV as a practical expedient and other appropriate adjustments to NAV as determined based on an evaluation of data provided by fund managers, including valuations of the underlying investments derived using inputs such as cost, operating results, discounted future cash flows, and market-based comparable data. 
 The following table represents a rollforward of the balances of our pension plan assets that are valued using Level 3 inputs: 
 
 March 31, 2017, Balance 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Net Purchases 
 (Sales) 
 
 Net Realized 
 Appreciation 
 (Depreciation) 
 
 Net Unrealized 
 Appreciation 
 (Depreciation) 
 
 March 31, 2018, Balance 
 Insurance contracts 
 1,173 

83 

1,256 
 
 Total 
 
 1,173 

83 

1,256 

March 31, 2016, Balance 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Net Purchases 
 (Sales) 
 
 Net Realized 
 Appreciation 
 (Depreciation) 
 
 Net Unrealized 
 Appreciation 
 (Depreciation) 
 
 March 31, 2017, Balance 
 Insurance contracts 
 1,349 

(176) 
 
 1,173 
 
 Total 
 
 1,349 

(176) 

1,173 

Assumptions and Sensitivities 
 The discount rate is determined as of each measurement date, based on a review of yield rates associated with long-term, high-quality corporate bonds. The calculation separately discounts benefit payments using the spot rates from a long-term, high-quality corporate bond yield curve. 
 The effect of a 25 basis-point change in discount rates as of March 31, 2018 , is shown below: 

Pension Benefits 
 
 Other 
 Postretirement 
 Benefits 
 Increase of 25 basis points 

Obligation 

(58,827) 

(2,351) 
 Net periodic expense 
 
 (101) 
 
 (300) 
 Decrease of 25 basis points 

Obligation 

61,577 

2,443 
 
 Net periodic expense 
 
 226 

312 

Excludes impact to plan assets due to the LDI investment approach discussed above under "Plan Assets, Investment Policy and Strategy." 
 The long-term rate of return assumption represents the expected average rate of earnings on the funds invested to provide for the benefits included in the benefit obligations. The long-term rate of return assumption is determined based on a number of factors, including historical market index returns, the anticipated long-term asset allocation of the plans, historical plan return data, plan expenses and the potential to outperform market index returns. For fiscal 2018, the expected long-term rate of return on assets was 6.50 - 8.00 . For fiscal 2019 , the expected long-term rate of return is 5.00 - 8.00 . 
 A significant factor used in estimating future per capita cost of covered health care benefits for our retirees and us is the health care cost trend rate assumption. The rate used at March 31, 2018 , was 6.40 and is assumed to decrease gradually to 4.50 by fiscal 2027 and remain at that level thereafter. The effect of a one -percentage-point change in the health care cost trend rate in each year is shown below: 
 
 94 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Other Postretirement Benefits 
 
 One-Percentage- 
 Point Increase 
 
 One-Percentage- 
 Point Decrease 
 Net periodic expense 
 
 256 

(231) 
 Obligation 
 5,469 

(4,960) 

Anticipated Contributions to Defined Benefit and Postretirement Welfare Benefit Plans 
 Assuming a normal retirement age of 65 , the Company does not expect to contribute to its qualified U.S. defined benefit pension plans and expects to contribute 1,489 to its nonqualified and non-U.S. pension plans. The Company expects to contribute 11,731 to its postretirement welfare benefits plan during fiscal 2019 . No plan assets are expected to be returned to the Company in fiscal 2019 . 

16. 
 STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS 
 The Company has stock incentive plans under which employees and non-employee directors may be granted equity awards to acquire shares of the Company's common stock at the fair value at the time of the grant. The stock incentive and compensation plans under which outstanding equity awards have been granted to employees, officers and non-employee directors are the Triumph Group 2013 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan ), the 2016 Directors Equity Compensation Plan, as amended (the Directors Plan ), the Triumph Group 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2004 Plan ), and the Amended and Restated Directors Stock Incentive Plan (the Prior Directors Plan ). No new awards have been made under the 2004 Plan after the 2013 Plan was approved by the Board and the stockholders. The Prior Directors Plan expired by its terms during fiscal 2017. The current stock incentive and compensation plans used for future awards are the 2013 Plan for employees, officers and consultants, and the Directors Plan, provided, that the Directors Plan remains subject to stockholder approval at the 2017 annual meeting. In addition, in April 2016, the Board approved a separate employment inducement plan under which stock options and restricted stock awards were granted to Daniel J. Crowley as new hire and retention awards (the Crowley Plan ). The 2013 Plan, the Directors Plan, the 2004 Plan and the Prior Directors Plan are collectively referred to in this note as the plans. 
 Since fiscal 2006, the management and compensation committee has utilized restricted stock and restricted stock units as its primary form of share-based incentive compensation. The restricted shares are subject to forfeiture should the grantee's employment be terminated prior to the third or fourth anniversary of the date of grant, and are included in capital in excess of par value. Restricted shares generally vest in full after three or four years. The fair value of restricted shares under the Company's restricted stock plans is determined by the product of the number of shares granted and the grant date market price of the Company's common stock. Most of these awards contain performance conditions, in addition to service conditions. The fair value of restricted shares is expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of three or four years. 
 The Company recognized 7,949 , 7,922 and 2,657 of share-based compensation expense during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized for share-based compensation arrangements for fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , was 0 , 2,851 and 930 , respectively. 
 A summary of the Company's stock option activity and related information for its option plans for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , was as follows: 
 
 Options 
 
 Weighted- 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price per share 
 
 Weighted- 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Term (in Years) 
 
 Aggregate 
 Intrinsic Value 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2017 
 150,000 

30.86 

Granted 

Outstanding at March 31, 2018 
 150,000 

30.86 

8.0 

At March 31, 2018 and 2017 , 4,034,003 shares and 4,355,185 shares of common stock, respectively, were available for issuance under the plans. A summary of the status of the Company's nonvested shares/units of restricted stock and deferred stock units as of March 31, 2018 , and changes during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 , is presented below: 
 
 95 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Shares 
 
 Weighted- 
 Average Grant 
 Date Fair Value 
 Nonvested restricted awards and deferred stock units at March 31, 2017 
 612,913 

37.24 
 
 Granted 
 474,017 

38.23 
 
 Vested 
 (91,155) 
 
 38.18 
 
 Forfeited 
 (152,835) 
 
 36.02 
 
 Nonvested restricted awards and deferred stock units at March 31, 2018 
 842,940 

37.92 

The fair value of employee restricted stock which vested during fiscal 2018 was 2,081 . The tax benefit from vested restricted stock was 303 , 182 and 96 during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of share-based grants in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , was 38.23 , 33.70 and 63.68 , respectively. Expected future compensation expense on restricted stock net of expected forfeitures, is approximately 11,317 , which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of 2.5 years. 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, 15,200 deferred stock units were granted to the non-employee members of the Board of Directors, respectively, under the prior Directors' Plan. Each deferred stock unit represents the contingent right to receive one share of the Company's common stock. The deferred stock units vest over a three or four-year period and the shares of common stock underlying vested deferred stock units will be delivered on January 1 of the year following the year in which the non-employee director terminates service as a Director of the Company. 
 During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 , respectively, 79,327 and 45,315 restricted stock units were granted to the non-employee members of the Board of Directors under the Directors Plan. Each restricted stock unit represents the contingent right to receive one share of the Company s common stock. The restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant. The fair value of non-employee members of the Board of Directors restricted awards which vested during fiscal 2018 was 716 . 

17. 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 Certain of the Company's business operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations. Former owners generally indemnify the Company for environmental liabilities related to the assets and businesses acquired which existed prior to the acquisition dates. In the opinion of management, there are no significant environmental contingent liabilities which would have a material effect on the financial condition or operating results of the Company which are not covered by such indemnification. 
 The Company's risk related to pension projected obligations as of March 31, 2018 , is significant. This amount is currently in excess of the related plan assets. Benefit plan assets are invested in a diversified portfolio of investments in both the equity and debt categories, as well as limited investments in real estate and other alternative investments. The market value of all of these investment categories may be adversely affected by external events and the movements and volatility in the financial markets, including such events as the current credit and real estate market conditions. Declines in the market values of our plan assets could expose the total asset balance to significant risk which may cause an increase to future funding requirements. The Company's potential risk related to OPEB projected obligations as of March 31, 2018 , is also significant. 
 Some raw materials and operating supplies are subject to price and supply fluctuations caused by market dynamics. The Company's strategic sourcing initiatives seek to find ways of mitigating the inflationary pressures of the marketplace. In recent years, these inflationary pressures have affected the market for raw materials. However, the Company believes that raw material prices will remain stable through the remainder of fiscal 2019 and after that, experience increases that are in line with inflation. Additionally, the Company generally does not employ forward contracts or other financial instruments to hedge commodity price risk. 
 The Company's suppliers' failure to provide acceptable raw materials, components, kits and subassemblies would adversely affect production schedules and contract profitability. The Company maintains an extensive qualification and performance surveillance system to control risk associated with such supply base reliance. The Company is dependent on third parties for certain information technology services. To a lesser extent, the Company is also exposed to fluctuations in the prices of certain utilities and services, such as electricity, natural gas, chemical processing and freight. The Company utilizes a range of long-term agreements and strategic aggregated sourcing to optimize procurement expense and supply risk in these categories. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in disputes, claims and lawsuits with employees, suppliers and customers, as well as governmental and regulatory inquiries, that it deems to be immaterial. Some may involve claims or 
 
 96 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

potential claims of substantial damages, fines, penalties or injunctive relief. While the Company cannot predict the outcome of any pending or future litigation or proceeding and no assurances can be given, the Company does not believe that any pending matter will have a material effect, individually or in the aggregate, on its financial position or results of operations. 

18. 
 RESTRUCTURING COSTS 
 During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company committed to a restructuring of certain of its businesses as well as the consolidation of certain of its facilities. The Company expected to reduce its footprint by approximately 4.3 million square feet and expected to reduce head count by 2,500 employees. The Company estimated that it would record aggregate pre-tax charges of 195,000 to 210,000 related to these programs, which represent employee termination benefits, contract termination costs, accelerated depreciation and facility closure and other exit costs, and will result in future cash outlays. As of March 31, 2018, the Company expects to incur an aggregate pre-tax charge of 189,100 upon completion of the restructuring. Through the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Company has incurred 177,005 , and expects to incur approximately 12,000 of additional pre-tax charges. 
 The following table provides a summary of the Company's current aggregate cost estimates by major type of expense associated with the restructuring plans noted above: 
 Type of expense 
 
 Total estimated amount expected to be incurred 
 Termination benefits 

25,000 
 
 Facility closure and other exit costs (1) 
 
 34,400 
 
 Contract termination costs 
 
 18,400 
 
 Accelerated depreciation charges (2) 
 
 36,300 
 
 Other (3) 
 
 75,000 

189,100 

(1) I ncludes costs to transfer product lines among facilities and outplacement and employee relocation costs. 
 (2) Accelerated depreciation charges are recorded as part of Depreciation and amortization on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 (3) Consists of other costs directly related to the plan, including project management, legal and regulatory costs. 
 The restructuring charges recognized by type and by segment consisted of the following: 
 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 
 
 Integrated Systems 
 Aerospace Structures 
 Product Support 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 Termination benefits 
 
 139 

3,742 

158 

4,039 
 
 Facility closure and other exit costs 
 866 
 
 9,321 

10,187 
 
 Other 
 1,937 
 
 4,016 
 
 779 
 
 19,111 
 
 25,843 
 
 Total restructuring 
 2,942 
 
 17,079 
 
 779 
 
 19,269 
 
 40,069 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,376 
 
 629 

3,005 
 
 Total 
 
 5,318 

17,708 

779 

19,269 

43,074 

97 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 
 
 Integrated Systems 
 Aerospace Structures 
 Product Support 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 Termination benefits 
 
 1,449 

1,669 

147 

3,265 
 
 Facility closure and other exit costs 

5,285 
 
 526 

5,811 
 
 Other 
 49 
 
 10,576 
 
 280 
 
 22,196 
 
 33,101 
 
 Total restructuring 
 1,498 
 
 17,530 
 
 953 
 
 22,196 
 
 42,177 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 732 
 
 9,886 
 
 180 

10,798 
 
 Total 
 
 2,230 

27,416 

1,133 

22,196 

52,975 

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 
 
 Integrated Systems 
 Aerospace Structures 
 Product Support 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 Termination benefits 
 
 100 

11,742 

397 

4,061 

16,300 
 
 Facility closure and other exit costs 

14,295 

14,295 
 
 Other 

5,587 
 
 5,587 
 
 Total restructuring 
 100 
 
 26,037 
 
 397 
 
 9,648 
 
 36,182 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 46 
 
 12,183 
 
 145 

12,374 
 
 Included in Cost of sales: 

Contract termination costs 

12,100 

12,100 
 
 Accelerated depreciation 

10,018 

10,018 
 
 Other 

10,282 

10,282 
 
 Total 
 
 146 

70,620 

542 

9,648 

80,956 

Termination benefits include employee retention, severance and benefit payments for terminated employees. Facility closure costs include general operating costs incurred subsequent to production shutdown as well as equipment relocation and other associated costs. Contract termination costs include costs associated with terminating existing leases and supplier agreements. Other costs include legal, outplacement and employee relocation costs, and other employee-related costs. 
 
 19. 
 CUSTOMER CONCENTRATION 
 Trade accounts receivable from The Boeing Company ("Boeing") represented approximately 10 and 5 of total accounts receivable as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 , respectively. Trade accounts receivable from Gulfstream represented approximately 16 and 3 of total accounts receivable as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 , respectively. The Company had no other significant concentrations of credit risk. 
 Sales to Boeing for fiscal 2018 were 1,004,274 , or 31 of net sales, of which 206,740 , 788,151 , and 9,383 were from Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures and Product Support, respectively. Sales to Boeing for fiscal 2017 were 1,243,981 , or 35 of net sales, of which 209,669 , 1,004,075 , and 30,237 were from Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures and Product Support, respectively. Sales to Boeing for fiscal 2016 were 1,472,641 , or 38 of net sales, of which 199,826 , 1,237,717 , and 35,098 were from Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures and Product Support, respectively. 
 Sales to Gulfstream for fiscal 2018 were 421,985 , or 13 of net sales, of which 1,313 , 420,204 , and 468 were from Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures, and Product Support, respectively. Sales to Gulfstream for fiscal 2017 were 440,998 , or 12 of net sales, of which 1,881 , 438,880 , and 237 were from Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures and Product Support, respectively. Sales to Gulfstream for fiscal 2016 were 476,327 , or 12 of net sales, of which 3,492 , 472,627 , and 208 were from Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures and Product Support, respectively. 
 No other single customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company's net sales; however, the loss of any significant customer, including Boeing and/or Gulfstream, could have a material adverse effect on the Company and its operating subsidiaries. 
 The Company currently generates a majority of its revenue from clients in the commercial aerospace industry, the business jet industry and the military. The Company's growth and financial results are largely dependent on continued demand for its 
 
 98 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

products and services from clients in these industries. If any of these industries experiences a downturn, clients in these sectors may conduct less business with the Company. 
 
 20. 
 COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS 
 Approximately 17 of the Company's labor force is covered under collective bargaining agreements. As of March 31, 2018 , none of the Company's collectively bargained workforce are working under contracts that have expired or are set to expire within one year. 
 The collective bargaining agreement with our union employees with International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers ("IAM") District 751 at our Spokane, Washington facility expired May 11, 2016, subsequently, the Company settled the strike and agreed to a new collective bargaining agreement with its union employees with IAM District 751, resulting in a charge of 15,700 due to disruption costs. 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Company ratified a collective bargaining agreement with its union employees with United Autoworkers of America and its Local Union 848 at its Red Oak, Texas facility. 
 Subsequent to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Company ratified a collective bargaining agreement with its union employees with United Autoworkers of America and its Local Union 952 at its Tulsa, Oklahoma facility. 

21. 
 SEGMENTS 
 The Company reports financial performance based on the following three reportable segments: Integrated Systems, Aerospace Structures and Product Support. The Company's CODM utilizes Adjusted EBITDA as a primary measure of profitability to evaluate performance of its segments and allocate resources. 
 Integrated Systems consists of the Company s operations that provides integrated solutions, including design, development and support of proprietary components, subsystems and systems, as well as production of complex assemblies using external designs. Capabilities include hydraulic, mechanical and electro-mechanical actuation, power and control; a complete suite of aerospace gearbox solutions, including engine accessory gearboxes and helicopter transmissions; active and passive heat exchange technology; fuel pumps, fuel metering units and Full Authority Digital Electronic Control fuel systems; hydro-mechanical and electromechanical primary and secondary flight controls; and a broad spectrum of surface treatment options. 
 Aerospace Structures consists of the Company s operations that supply commercial, business, regional and military manufacturers with large metallic and composite structures. Products include wings, wing boxes, fuselage panels, horizontal and vertical tails and sub-assemblies such as floor grids. Aerospace Structures also has the capability to engineer detailed structural designs in metal and composites. It also includes of the Company s operations that produce close-tolerance parts primarily to customer designs and model-based definition, including a wide range of aluminum, hard metal and composite structure capabilities. Capabilities include complex machining, gear manufacturing, sheet metal fabrication, forming, advanced composite and interior structures, joining processes such as welding, autoclave bonding and conventional mechanical fasteners and a variety of special processes, including: super plastic titanium forming, aluminum and titanium chemical milling, and surface treatments. 
 Product Support consists of the Company s operations that provides full life cycle solutions for commercial, regional and military aircraft. The Company s extensive product and service offerings include full post-delivery value chain services that simplify the MRO supply chain. Through its line maintenance, component MRO and postproduction supply chain activities, Product Support is positioned to provide integrated planeside repair solutions globally. Capabilities include fuel tank repair, metallic and composite aircraft structures, nacelles, thrust reversers, interiors, auxiliary power units and a wide variety of pneumatic, hydraulic, fuel and mechanical accessories. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA is total segment revenue reduced by operating expenses (less depreciation and amortization) identifiable with that segment. Corporate includes general corporate administrative costs and any other costs not identifiable with one of the Company's segments, including items such as loss on divestitures and curtailments, settlement and early retirement incentives. 
 Effective January 1, 2018, the Company combined its Aerospace Structures and Precision Components reporting segments into one reporting segment, Aerospace Structures. Aerospace Structures and Precision Components share many of the same customers and suppliers and have substantial inter-company work on common programs. As a single operating segment, the Company is able to leverage its combined resources to make it more cost competitive and enhance performance. The newly 
 
 99 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

formed operating segment is also a reportable segment. As a result, effective January 1, 2018, the Company has three reporting segments for future financial reporting purposes - Integrated Systems, Product Support and Aerospace Structures. 
 The Company does not accumulate net sales information by product or service or groups of similar products and services, and therefore the Company does not disclose net sales by product or service because to do so would be impracticable. 
 
 100 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Selected financial information for each reportable segment and the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to operating income before interest is as follows: 
 Year Ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 Net sales: 

Integrated Systems 
 
 986,351 

1,040,805 

1,094,703 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 1,954,729 

2,172,768 

2,500,679 
 
 Product Support 
 281,913 

338,325 

311,394 
 
 Elimination of inter-segment sales 
 (24,042) 
 
 (19,099) 
 
 (20,704) 

3,198,951 

3,532,799 

3,886,072 
 
 (Loss) income before income taxes: 

Operating (loss) income: 

Integrated Systems 
 
 187,205 

201,294 

220,649 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 (492,457) 
 
 (90,489) 
 
 (1,278,906) 
 Product Support 
 45,702 

55,801 

24,977 
 
 Corporate 
 (102,856) 
 
 (109,717) 
 
 (57,826) 
 
 (362,406) 
 
 56,889 

(1,091,106) 
 Interest expense and other 
 99,442 

80,501 

68,041 

(461,848) 

(23,612) 

(1,159,147) 
 Depreciation and amortization: 

Integrated Systems 
 
 35,986 

40,332 

42,086 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 113,786 

126,116 

123,018 
 
 Product Support 
 6,744 

9,037 

11,009 
 
 Corporate 
 1,852 

1,461 

1,642 

158,368 

176,946 

177,755 

Impairment charge of intangible assets: 

Integrated Systems 

400 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 535,227 

266,298 

873,961 

535,227 

266,298 

874,361 

Amortization of acquired contract liabilities, net: 

Integrated Systems 
 
 38,293 

36,760 

41,585 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 86,855 

84,244 

90,778 

125,148 

121,004 

132,363 

Adjusted EBITDA: 

Integrated Systems 
 
 184,898 

204,866 

213,056 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 69,701 

217,681 

(360,635) 
 Product Support 
 52,446 

64,838 

37,886 
 
 Corporate 
 (95,985) 
 
 (89,132) 
 
 (57,428) 

211,060 

398,253 

(167,121) 

101 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 Capital expenditures: 

Integrated Systems 
 
 6,146 

16,487 

28,142 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 29,519 

30,434 

48,219 
 
 Product Support 
 2,206 

2,630 

2,700 
 
 Corporate 
 4,179 

2,281 

986 

42,050 

51,832 

80,047 

March 31, 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 Total Assets: 

Integrated Systems 
 
 1,225,770 

1,281,828 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 2,260,416 

2,810,930 
 
 Product Support 
 281,101 

284,231 
 
 Corporate 
 39,777 

37,611 

3,807,064 

4,414,600 

During fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , the Company had foreign sales of 758,936 , 768,703 and 797,976 , respectively. The Company reports as foreign sales those sales with delivery points outside of the United States. As of March 31, 2018 and 2017 , the Company had foreign long-lived assets of 222,841 and 315,224 , respectively. 
 
 102 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

22. 
 SELECTED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF PARENT, GUARANTORS AND NON-GUARANTORS 
 The 2021 Notes, the 2022 Notes and the 2025 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by Guarantor Subsidiaries. The total assets, stockholders' equity, revenue, earnings and cash flows from operating activities of the Guarantor Subsidiaries exceeded a majority of the consolidated total of such items as of and for the periods reported. The only consolidated subsidiaries of the Company that are not guarantors of the 2021 Notes, the 2022 Notes and the 2025 Notes (the "Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries") are: (i) the receivables securitization special purpose entity, and (ii) the foreign operating subsidiaries. The following tables present condensed consolidating financial statements' including Triumph Group, Inc. (the "Parent"), the Guarantor Subsidiaries and the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries. Such financial statements include balance sheets as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 , statements of operations and comprehensive income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 , and statements of cash flows for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 . 
 SUMMARY CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS: 
 
 March 31, 2018 
 
 Parent 
 
 Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Total 
 Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 44 

35,775 

35,819 
 
 Trade and other receivables, net 
 1,686 

115,497 

297,002 

414,185 
 
 Inventories 

1,312,747 

114,422 

1,427,169 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other 
 17,513 

15,712 

11,203 

44,428 
 
 Assets held for sale 

1,324 

1,324 
 
 Total current assets 
 19,243 

1,443,956 

459,726 

1,922,925 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 11,984 

594,437 

119,582 

726,003 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

973,954 

126,555 

1,100,509 
 
 Other, net 
 21,930 

29,904 

5,793 

57,627 
 
 Intercompany investments and advances 
 1,987,599 

81,542 

73,184 

(2,142,325) 

Total assets 
 
 2,040,756 

3,123,793 

784,840 

(2,142,325) 

3,807,064 
 
 Current liabilities: 

Current portion of long-term debt 
 
 903 

15,624 

16,527 
 
 Accounts payable 
 12,088 

356,236 

50,043 

418,367 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 46,679 

467,674 

42,752 

557,105 
 
 Liabilities related to assets held for sale 

440 

440 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 59,670 

839,534 

93,235 

992,439 
 
 Long-term debt, less current portion 
 1,380,867 

40,890 

1,421,757 
 
 Intercompany debt 
 134,590 

1,952,042 

524,788 

(2,611,420) 

Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits, noncurrent 
 6,484 

477,403 

483,887 
 
 Deferred income taxes and other 
 8,611 

427,724 

22,112 

458,447 
 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 450,534 

(613,800) 
 
 144,705 

469,095 

450,534 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 2,040,756 

3,123,793 

784,840 

(2,142,325) 

3,807,064 

103 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

SUMMARY CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS: 
 
 March 31, 2017 
 
 Parent 
 
 Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Total 
 Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 19,942 

24,137 

25,554 

69,633 
 
 Trade and other receivables, net 
 546 

34,874 

276,372 

311,792 
 
 Inventories 

1,243,461 

96,714 

1,340,175 
 
 Prepaid and other 
 7,763 

11,678 

10,623 

30,064 
 
 Assets held for sale 

3,250 

18,005 

21,255 
 
 Total current assets 
 28,251 

1,317,400 

427,268 

1,772,919 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 8,315 

673,153 

123,562 

805,030 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

1,560,050 

174,919 

1,734,969 
 
 Other, net 
 17,902 

67,955 

15,825 

101,682 
 
 Intercompany investments and advances 
 2,057,534 

81,541 

77,090 

(2,216,165) 

Total assets 
 
 2,112,002 

3,700,099 

818,664 

(2,216,165) 

4,414,600 
 
 Current liabilities: 

Current portion of long-term debt 
 
 33,298 

14,432 

112,900 

160,630 
 
 Accounts payable 
 17,291 

426,646 

37,306 

481,243 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 53,829 

578,457 

42,093 

674,379 
 
 Liabilities related to assets held for sale 

18,008 

18,008 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 104,418 

1,019,535 

210,307 

1,334,260 
 
 Long-term debt, less current portion 
 974,693 

60,977 

1,035,670 
 
 Intercompany debt 
 178,381 

1,754,529 

370,907 

(2,303,817) 

Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits, noncurrent 
 6,633 

585,501 

592,134 
 
 Deferred income taxes and other 
 1,403 

564,358 

40,302 

606,063 
 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 846,474 

(284,801) 
 
 197,148 

87,652 

846,473 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 2,112,002 

3,700,099 

818,664 

(2,216,165) 

4,414,600 

104 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME: 
 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 
 
 Parent 
 
 Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Total 
 Net sales 

2,918,508 

360,286 

(79,843) 

3,198,951 
 
 Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales 

2,324,080 

288,916 

(79,843) 
 
 2,533,153 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 102,733 

155,094 

31,694 

289,521 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,851 

139,688 

16,829 

158,368 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets 

469,717 

65,510 

535,227 
 
 Restructuring 
 19,269 

15,423 

5,377 

40,069 
 
 Loss on divestitures 
 30,741 

30,741 
 
 Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives 
 (25,722) 

(25,722) 
 
 128,872 

3,104,002 

408,326 

(79,843) 
 
 3,561,357 
 
 Operating loss 
 (128,872) 
 
 (185,494) 
 
 (48,040) 

(362,406) 
 Intercompany interest and charges 
 (159,038) 
 
 150,772 

8,266 

Interest expense and other 
 86,181 

11,216 

2,045 

99,442 
 
 Loss from continuing operations, before income taxes 
 (56,015) 
 
 (347,482) 
 
 (58,351) 

(461,848) 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (17,619) 
 
 (34,134) 
 
 15,296 

(36,457) 
 Net loss 
 (38,396) 
 
 (313,348) 
 
 (73,647) 

(425,391) 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 (2,031) 
 
 1,810 

28,529 

28,308 
 
 Total comprehensive loss 
 
 (40,427) 

(311,538) 

(45,118) 

(397,083) 

105 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME: 
 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 
 
 Parent 
 
 Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Total 
 Net sales 

3,229,136 

379,960 

(76,297) 

3,532,799 
 
 Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales 

2,462,270 

303,845 

(76,297) 
 
 2,689,818 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 66,822 

182,805 

31,920 

281,547 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,461 

158,757 

16,728 

176,946 
 
 Restructuring 
 22,196 

19,076 

905 

42,177 
 
 Loss on divestitures 
 19,124 

19,124 
 
 Impairment of intangible asset 

266,298 

266,298 

109,603 

3,089,206 

353,398 

(76,297) 
 
 3,475,910 
 
 Operating (loss) income 
 (109,603) 
 
 139,930 

26,562 

56,889 
 
 Intercompany interest and charges 
 (183,115) 
 
 174,240 

8,875 

Interest expense and other 
 75,483 

11,689 

(6,671) 

80,501 
 
 (Loss) income from continuing operations, before income taxes 
 (1,971) 
 
 (45,999) 
 
 24,358 

(23,612) 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 23,729 

(8,962) 
 
 4,573 

19,340 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (25,700) 
 
 (37,037) 
 
 19,785 

(42,952) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 5,073 

(25,693) 
 
 (28,396) 

(49,016) 
 Total comprehensive loss 
 
 (20,627) 

(62,730) 

(8,611) 

(91,968) 

106 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS): 
 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 
 
 Parent 
 
 Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Total 
 Net sales 

3,577,733 

369,954 

(61,615) 

3,886,072 
 
 Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales 

3,343,038 

315,876 

(61,615) 
 
 3,597,299 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 43,969 

206,815 

36,565 

287,349 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,642 

154,740 

21,373 

177,755 
 
 Restructuring charge 
 10,347 

25,835 

36,182 
 
 Legal settlement gain, net 

5,476 

5,476 
 
 Impairment charge 

874,361 

874,361 
 
 Curtailments, settlements and early retirement incentives 
 (1,244) 

(1,244) 
 
 54,714 

4,610,265 

373,814 

(61,615) 
 
 4,977,178 
 
 Operating (loss) income 
 (54,714) 
 
 (1,032,532) 
 
 (3,860) 

(1,091,106) 
 Intercompany interest and charges 
 (206,998) 
 
 194,188 

12,810 

Interest expense and other 
 60,950 

10,239 

(3,148) 

68,041 
 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations, before income taxes 
 91,334 

(1,236,959) 
 
 (13,522) 

(1,159,147) 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 17,161 

(132,648) 
 
 4,300 

(111,187) 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 74,173 

(1,104,311) 
 
 (17,822) 

(1,047,960) 
 Net income (loss) 
 74,173 

(1,104,311) 
 
 (17,822) 

(1,047,960) 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 (163) 
 
 (136,024) 
 
 (12,065) 

(148,252) 
 Total comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 74,010 

(1,240,335) 

(29,887) 

(1,196,212) 

107 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS: 
 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 
 
 Parent 
 
 Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Total 
 Net (loss) 
 
 (38,396) 

(313,348) 

(73,647) 

(425,391) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities 
 (25,181) 
 
 93,849 

65,048 

2,781 

136,497 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (63,577) 
 
 (219,499) 
 
 (8,599) 
 
 2,781 

(288,894) 
 Capital expenditures 
 (4,179) 
 
 (32,445) 
 
 (5,426) 

(42,050) 
 Proceeds from sale of assets and businesses 

82,445 

637 

83,082 
 
 Cash used for businesses and intangible assets acquired 

(2,818) 

(2,818) 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 (4,179) 
 
 50,000 

(7,607) 

38,214 
 
 Net decrease in revolving credit facility 
 82,888 

82,888 
 
 Proceeds on issuance of debt 
 500,000 

743 

43,500 

544,243 
 
 Retirements and repayments of debt 
 (314,999) 
 
 (23,774) 
 
 (48,600) 

(387,373) 
 Payments of deferred financing costs 
 (17,729) 

(17,729) 
 Dividends paid 
 (7,943) 

(7,943) 
 Repurchase of restricted shares for minimum tax obligation 
 (483) 

(483) 
 Intercompany financing and advances 
 (193,876) 
 
 168,393 

28,264 

(2,781) 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 47,858 

145,362 

23,164 

(2,781) 
 
 213,603 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

3,263 

3,263 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (19,898) 
 
 (24,137) 
 
 10,221 

(33,814) 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 19,942 

24,137 

25,554 

69,633 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 44 

35,775 

35,819 

108 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS: 
 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 
 
 Parent 
 
 Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Total 
 Net (loss) income 
 
 (25,700) 

(37,037) 

19,785 

(42,952) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities 
 36,295 

260,469 

12,443 

15,267 

324,474 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 10,595 

223,432 

32,228 

15,267 

281,522 
 
 Capital expenditures 
 (2,281) 
 
 (37,436) 
 
 (12,115) 

(51,832) 
 Proceeds from sale of assets and businesses 
 45,288 

23,316 

17,583 

86,187 
 
 Cash used for businesses and intangible assets acquired 

9 

9 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 43,007 

(14,111) 
 
 5,468 

34,364 
 
 Net increase in revolving credit facility 
 (110,000) 

(110,000) 
 Proceeds on issuance of debt 

24,400 

24,400 
 
 Retirements and repayments of debt 
 (28,473) 
 
 (12,871) 
 
 (102,800) 

(144,144) 
 Payments of deferred financing costs 
 (14,034) 

(14,034) 
 Dividends paid 
 (7,927) 

(7,927) 
 Repayment of governmental grant 

(14,570) 

(14,570) 
 Repurchase of restricted shares for minimum tax obligation 
 (182) 

(182) 
 Intercompany financing and advances 
 125,412 

(157,944) 
 
 47,799 

(15,267) 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 (35,204) 
 
 (185,385) 
 
 (30,601) 
 
 (15,267) 
 
 (266,457) 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

(780) 

(780) 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 18,398 

23,936 

6,315 

48,649 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 1,544 

201 

19,239 

20,984 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 19,942 

24,137 

25,554 

69,633 

109 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS: 
 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 
 
 Parent 
 
 Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Total 
 Net income 
 
 74,173 

(1,104,311) 

(17,822) 

(1,047,960) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities 
 (106,837) 
 
 1,207,850 

24,629 

6,181 

1,131,823 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (32,664) 
 
 103,539 

6,807 

6,181 

83,863 
 
 Capital expenditures 
 (986) 
 
 (57,503) 
 
 (21,558) 

(80,047) 
 Reimbursements of capital expenditures 

Proceeds from sale of assets and businesses 

5,877 

192 

6,069 
 
 Cash used for businesses and intangible assets acquired 

(48,051) 
 
 (6,000) 

(54,051) 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (986) 
 
 (99,677) 
 
 (27,366) 

(128,029) 
 Net increase in revolving credit facility 
 (8,256) 

(8,256) 
 Proceeds on issuance of debt 

6,497 

128,300 

134,797 
 
 Retirements and repayments of debt 
 (19,024) 
 
 (24,893) 
 
 (37,000) 

(80,917) 
 Payments of deferred financing costs 
 (185) 

(185) 
 Dividends paid 
 (7,889) 

(7,889) 
 Repayment of governmental grant 

(5,000) 

(5,000) 
 Repurchase of restricted shares for minimum tax obligation 
 (96) 

(96) 
 Intercompany financing and advances 
 70,024 

19,316 

(83,159) 
 
 (6,181) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 34,574 

(4,080) 
 
 8,141 

(6,181) 
 
 32,454 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

79 

79 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 924 

(218) 
 
 (12,339) 

(11,633) 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 620 

419 

31,578 

32,617 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 1,544 

201 

19,239 

20,984 

110 

 Table of Contents 
 TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

23. 
 QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Fiscal 2018 
 
 Fiscal 2017 
 
 June 30 
 
 Sept. 30 
 
 Dec. 31 (4) 
 
 Mar. 31 (5) 
 
 June 30 
 
 Sept. 30 
 
 Dec. 31 
 
 Mar. 31 (3) 
 BUSINESS SEGMENT SALES 

Integrated Systems 
 
 238,136 

233,765 

239,198 

275,252 

257,356 

245,367 

256,080 

282,002 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 483,314 

447,771 

473,273 

550,371 

557,047 

549,138 

505,888 

560,695 
 
 Product Support 
 66,433 

68,366 

68,039 

79,075 

84,199 

85,826 

87,292 

81,008 
 
 Inter-segment Elimination 
 (6,194) 
 
 (4,746) 
 
 (5,264) 
 
 (7,838) 
 
 (5,349) 
 
 (5,562) 
 
 (4,397) 
 
 (3,791) 
 TOTAL SALES 
 
 781,689 

745,156 

775,246 

896,860 

893,253 

874,769 

844,863 

919,914 
 
 GROSS PROFIT (1) 
 
 131,611 

138,350 

138,893 

161,498 

136,836 

171,427 

162,001 

256,929 
 
 OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 

Integrated Systems 
 
 47,417 

42,087 

42,667 

55,034 

47,986 

45,797 

51,596 

55,915 
 
 Aerospace Structures 
 (3,546) 
 
 9,902 

(174,203) 
 
 (324,610) 
 
 1,381 

36,930 

26,809 

(155,609) 
 Product Support 
 8,437 

11,233 

12,399 

13,633 

14,059 

14,265 

14,662 

12,815 
 
 Corporate 
 (33,899) 
 
 (44,374) 
 
 (567) 
 
 (24,016) 
 
 (16,700) 
 
 (26,506) 
 
 (37,901) 
 
 (28,610) 
 TOTAL OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 
 
 18,409 

18,848 

(119,704) 

(279,959) 

46,726 

70,486 

55,166 

(115,489) 

NET (LOSS) INCOME 
 
 (1,931) 

(5,378) 

(113,252) 

(298,796) 

19,734 

34,807 

29,332 

(126,825) 

Basic (Loss) Earnings per share 
 
 (0.04) 

(0.11) 

(2.29) 

(6.04) 

0.40 

0.71 

0.59 

(2.57) 

Diluted (Loss) Earnings per share (2) 
 
 (0.04) 

(0.11) 

(2.29) 

(6.04) 

0.40 

0.70 

0.59 

(2.57) 

Difference due to rounding. 
 (1) 
 Gross profit includes depreciation. 
 (2) 
 The sum of the diluted earnings per share for the four quarters does not necessarily equal the total year diluted earnings per share due to the dilutive effect of the potential common shares related to the convertible debt. 
 (3) 
 Includes impairment of goodwill of 266,298 in Aerospace Structures. 
 (4) 
 Includes impairment of goodwill of 190,227 in Aerospace Structures. 
 (5) 
 Includes impairment of goodwill of 345,000 in Aerospace Structures. 

111 

 Table of Contents 

TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 
 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Balance at 
 beginning of 
 year 
 
 Additions 
 charged to 
 expense 
 
 Additions(1) 
 
 (Deductions)(2) 
 
 Balance at 
 end of year 
 For year ended March 31, 2018: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable 

4,559 

773 

(987) 
 
 (313) 

4,032 
 
 For year ended March 31, 2017: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable 

6,492 

202 

307 

(2,442) 

4,559 
 
 For year ended March 31, 2016: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable 

6,475 

2,028 

(47) 
 
 (1,964) 

6,492 

(1) 
 Additions consist of trade and other receivable recoveries and miscellaneous adjustments. 
 (2) 
 Deductions represent write-offs of related account balances. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As of March 31, 2018 , we completed an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of March 31, 2018 . 
 
 112 

 Table of Contents 

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The management of Triumph Group, Inc. ("Triumph") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Triumph's internal control system over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 (i) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
 (ii) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
 (iii) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in condition, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Triumph's management assessed the effectiveness of Triumph's internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2018 . In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) ("COSO") in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on management's assessment and those criteria, management believes that Triumph maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2018 . 
 Triumph's independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has audited Triumph's effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. This report appears on the following page. 
 
 /s/ Daniel J. Crowley 
 
 Daniel J. Crowley 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 /s/ James F. McCabe, Jr. 
 
 James F. McCabe, Jr. 
 Senior Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 /s/ Thomas A. Quigley, III 
 
 Thomas A. Quigley, III 
 Vice President and Controller 

May 22, 2018 
 
 113 

 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Triumph Group, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Triumph Group, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2018 , based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) ("the COSO criteria"). In our opinion, Triumph Group, Inc. ("the Company") maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2018 , based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the consolidated balance sheets of Triumph Group, Inc. as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 , and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2018 , and the related notes and schedule and our report dated May 22, 2018 , expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 May 22, 2018 
 
 114 

 Table of Contents 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 In addition to management's evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures as discussed above, we continue to review and enhance our policies and procedures for internal control over financial reporting. 
 We have developed and implemented a formal set of internal controls and procedures for financial reporting in accordance with the SEC's rules regarding management's report on internal controls. As a result of continued review and testing by management and by our internal and independent auditors, additional changes may be made to our internal controls and procedures. However, we did not make any changes to our internal control over financial reporting in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 None. 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required for directors is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which shall be filed within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year (the " 2018 Proxy Statement"). Information required by this item concerning executive officers is included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 The information required regarding Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance is incorporated herein by reference to the 2018 Proxy Statement. 
 Code of Business Conduct 
 The information required regarding our Code of Business Conduct is incorporated herein by reference to the 2018 Proxy Statement. 
 Stockholder Nominations 
 The information required with respect to any material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the Company's board of directors is incorporated herein by reference to the 2018 Proxy Statement. 
 Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 The information required with respect to the Audit Committee and Audit Committee financial experts is incorporated herein by reference to the 2018 Proxy Statement. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2018 Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2018 Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2018 Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2018 Proxy Statement. 

115 

 Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Financial Statements 
 (1) The following consolidated financial statements are included in Item 8 of this report: 

Triumph Group, Inc. 
 Page 
 Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 54 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
 59 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 60 

(2) The following financial statement schedule is included in this report: 
 
 Page 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 111 

All other schedules have been omitted as not applicable or because the information is included elsewhere in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) The following is a list of exhibits. Where so indicated, exhibits which were previously filed are incorporated by reference. 
 Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Incorporated by Reference to 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit(s) 
 Filing Date 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Triumph Group, Inc. 
 10-K 
 001-12235 
 3.1 
 May 22, 2009 
 3.1.1 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Triumph Group, Inc. 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 3.1 
 July 20, 2012 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Triumph Group, Inc. 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 3.1 
 April 23, 2018 
 4.1 
 Form of certificate evidencing Common Stock of Triumph Group, Inc. 
 S-1 
 333-10777 
 4 
 August 23, 1996 
 4.2 
 Indenture, dated as of February 26, 2013, between Triumph Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 4.1 
 March 1, 2013 
 4.2.1 
 Form of 4.875 Senior Subordinated Notes due 2021(included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1) 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 4.2 
 March 1, 2013 
 4.3 
 Indenture, dated as of June 3, 2014, between Triumph Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 4.1 
 June 5, 2014 
 4.3.1 
 Form of 5.250 Senior Notes due 2022 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1) 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 4.2 
 June 5, 2014 
 4.4 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 18, 2016 by and among Triumph Group, Inc., the guarantors signatory thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 4.875 Senior Notes due 2021 
 
 10-K 
 001-12235 
 4.12 
 May 27, 2016 

116 

 Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Incorporated by Reference to 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit(s) 
 Filing Date 
 4.5 
 Indenture, dated as of August 17, 2017, between Triumph Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 4.1 
 August 18, 2017 
 4.6 
 Form of 7.750 Senior Notes due 2025 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1). 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 4.2 
 August 18, 2017 
 10.1 
 Amended and Restated Directors Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 May 29, 2012 
 10.1.1 
 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated Directors Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 001-12235 
 10.2 
 May 30, 2013 
 10.2 
 Triumph Group, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 001-12235 
 10.3 
 May 30, 2013 
 10.2.1 
 Form of Stock Award Agreement under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 001-12235 
 10.7 
 May 22, 2009 
 10.2.2 
 Form of letter confirming Stock Award Agreement under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 001-12235 
 10.8 
 May 22, 2009 
 10.3 
 Triumph Group, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan effective January 1, 2003 
 10-K 
 001-12235 
 10.17 
 June 12, 2003 
 10.4 
 Compensation for the non-employee members of the Board of Directors of Triumph Group, Inc. 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 November 15, 2016 
 10.5 
 Change of Control Employment Agreements with: John B. Wright, II. 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.3 
 March 13, 2008 
 10.6 
 Form of Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated August 7, 2008, by and among the Triumph Group, Inc., as Initial Servicer, Triumph Receivables, LLC, as Seller, the various Purchasers and Purchase Agents from time to time party thereto and PNC National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 August 12, 2008 
 10.7 
 Third Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2010, by and among Triumph Receivables LLC, Triumph Group, Inc., Market Street Funding LLC and PNC Bank, National Association 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 June 25, 2010 
 10.8 
 Triumph Group, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan, effective September 28, 2010 
 10-Q 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 November 5, 2010 
 10.9 
 Form of letter informing Triumph Group, Inc. executives they are eligible to participate in the Company s Long Term Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 001-12235 
 10.22 
 May 18, 2011 
 10.10 
 Form of letter informing Triumph Group, Inc. executives they have earned an award under the Company s Long Term Incentive Plan and the amount of the award 
 10-K 
 001-12235 
 10.23 
 May 18, 2011 
 10.11 
 Sixth Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2013, by and among Triumph Receivables LLC, Triumph Group, Inc., Market Street Funding LLC and PNC Bank, National Association 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 March 1, 2013 

117 

 Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Incorporated by Reference to 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit(s) 
 Filing Date 
 10.12 
 Form of Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2013, by and among Triumph Group, Inc., and the other Borrowers party thereto and the Guarantors party thereto and the Banks party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, PNC Capital Markets LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities, LLC, RBC Capital Markets, RBS Citizens, N.A., and Santander Bank, N.A., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., Royal Bank of Canada, Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania, and Santander Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd, U.S. Bank National Association, TD Bank, N.A., and Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as Documentation Agents 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 November 25, 2013 
 10.13 
 Form of Second Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement made by Triumph Group, Inc., and certain of its Subsidiaries in favor of PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent for the other Secured Parties identified herein, dated as of November 19, 2013 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.2 
 November 25, 2013 
 10.14 
 Triumph Group, Inc. 2013 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan, as amended and restated as of June 7, 2017 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 99.1 
 June 12, 2017 
 10.15 
 Form of letter regarding eligibility to participate in the Triumph Group, Inc. Restricted Stock Plan 
 10-K 
 001-12235 
 10.24 
 May 19, 2014 
 10.16 
 Tenth Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of November 25, 2014 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 November 26, 2014 
 10.17 
 Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2015, by and among Triumph Group, Inc. and the other Borrowers party thereto and the Guarantors party thereto and the Banks party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent 
 10-Q 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 February 9, 2015 
 10.18 
 The First Amendment of the Triumph Group, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective as of May 1, 2015 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 May 7, 2015 
 10.19 
 First Amendment to Triumph Group, Inc. 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 10-Q 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 August 4, 2015 
 10.20 
 Employment Agreement between Triumph Group, Inc. and Daniel J. Crowley, dated as of April 1, 2016 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 April 7, 2016 
 10.21 
 Form of Sixth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 3, 2016 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 May 4, 2016 
 10.22 
 Employment letter between Triumph Group, Inc. and James F. McCabe dated July 26, 2016 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 July 27, 2016 
 10.23 
 Form of Seventh Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 21, 2016 
 10-Q 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 November 9, 2016 
 10.24 
 Triumph Group, Inc. Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2017 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.2 
 November 15, 2016 

118 

 Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Incorporated by Reference to 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit(s) 
 Filing Date 
 10.25 
 Eighth Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 1, 2017 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 May 10, 2017 
 10.26 
 Form of the 2016 Directors' Equity Compensation Plan, as amended 
 10-K/A 
 001-12235 
 10.34 
 May 26, 2017 
 10.27 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2016 Directors' Equity Compensation Plan, as amended 
 10-K/A 
 001-12235 
 10.35 
 May 26, 2017 
 10.28 
 Triumph Group, Inc. Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2017 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.2 
 November 15, 2016 
 10.29 
 Twentieth Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of November 3, 2017 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 November 7, 2017 
 10.30 
 Ninth Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated July 31, 2017 
 10-Q 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 November 8, 2017 
 10.31 
 Employment Letter between Triumph Group, Inc. and Peter Wick dated January 20, 2018 
 10-Q 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 February 7, 2018 
 10.32 
 Separation Letter between Triumph Group, Inc. and MaryLou Thomas dated February 28, 2018 
 8-K 
 001-12235 
 10.1 
 March 12, 2018 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Triumph Group, Inc. 
 # 
 # 
 # 
 # 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 # 
 # 
 # 
 # 
 31.1 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 # 
 # 
 # 
 # 
 31.2 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 # 
 # 
 # 
 # 
 32.1 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 ## 
 ## 
 ## 
 ## 
 32.2 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 ## 
 ## 
 ## 
 ## 
 101 
 The following financial information from Triumph Group, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2018 and 2017; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016; (v) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016; and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 # 
 # 
 # 
 # 

________________________________ 
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulations S-K, copies of specific instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Company or its subsidiaries are not filed herewith. Pursuant to this regulation, we hereby agree to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the SEC upon request 
 
 119 

 Table of Contents 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 # 
 Filed herewith 
 ## 
 Furnished herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 The Registrant has elected not to include a summary. 

120 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TRIUMPH GROUP, INC. 

/s/ Daniel J. Crowley 
 Dated: 
 May 22, 2018 
 By: 
 Daniel J. Crowley 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 /s/ Daniel J. Crowley 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 May 22, 2018 
 Daniel J. Crowley 
 
 /s/ James F. McCabe, Jr. 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 May 22, 2018 
 James F. McCabe, Jr. 
 
 /s/ Thomas A. Quigley III 
 
 Vice President and Controller (Principal 
 Accounting Officer) 
 May 22, 2018 
 Thomas A. Quigley III 
 
 /s/ Ralph E. Eberhart 
 
 Chairman and Director 
 May 22, 2018 
 Ralph E. Eberhart 
 
 /s/ Paul Bourgon 
 
 Director 
 May 22, 2018 
 Paul Bourgon 
 
 /s/ John G. Drosdick 
 
 Director 
 May 22, 2018 
 John G. Drosdick 
 
 /s/ Daniel P. Garton 
 
 Director 
 May 22, 2018 
 Daniel P. Garton 
 
 /s/ Dawne S. Hickton 
 
 Director 
 May 22, 2018 
 Dawne S. Hickton 
 
 /s/ Larry O. Spencer 
 
 Director 
 May 22, 2018 
 Larry O. Spencer 
 
 /s/ William L. Mansfield 
 
 Director 
 May 22, 2018 
 William L. Mansfield 
 
 /s/ Adam J. Palmer 
 
 Director 
 May 22, 2018 
 Adam J. Palmer 
 
 /s/ Joseph M. Silvestri 
 
 Director 
 May 22, 2018 
 Joseph M. Silvestri 

121 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 tgi-ex211x3312018.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1 - SUBSIDIARIES OF TRIUMPH GROUP, INC.

Exhibit 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Triumph Group, Inc. 
 HT Parts, L.L.C. 
 
 MEP NAAS, Inc. 
 
 NAAS Aircraft Services International Limited 
 
 Nu-Tech Brands, Inc. 
 
 Placas Termodinamicas, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 SBP Holdings Limited 
 
 Tank Devils Ltd. 
 
 The Mexmil Holding Company, LLC 
 
 The Triumph Group Operations, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Accessory Services - Grand Prairie, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Actuation Systems - Connecticut, LLC 
 
 Triumph Actuation Systems - Isle of Man, Ltd. 
 
 Triumph Actuation Systems - UK, Ltd. 
 
 Triumph Actuation Systems - Valencia, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Actuation Systems - Yakima, LLC 
 
 Triumph Actuation Systems, LLC 
 
 Triumph Aerospace Operations UK, Ltd. 
 
 Triumph Aerospace Systems Group - UK LTD 
 
 Triumph Aerospace Systems Group, LLC 
 
 Triumph Aerostructures - Tulsa, LLC 
 
 Triumph Aerostructures Holdings, LLC 
 
 Triumph Aerostructures Real Estate Investment Co., LLC 
 
 Triumph Aerostructures Vought Aircraft Technical Services (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. 
 Triumph Aerostructures, LLC 
 
 Triumph Aftermarket Services Group, LLC 
 
 Triumph Airborne Structures, LLC 
 
 Triumph Aviation Services - NAAS Division, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Aviation Services Asia, Ltd. 
 
 Triumph Aviations Inc. 
 
 Triumph Brands, Inc. 
 
 Triumph China Holdings, LLC 
 
 Triumph Composite Systems, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Controls (Europe) SAS 
 
 Triumph Controls - Germany GmbH 
 
 Triumph Controls - UK Ltd. 
 
 Triumph Controls France SAS 
 
 Triumph Controls, LLC 
 
 Triumph Engine Control Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Engine Control Systems, LLC 
 
 Triumph Engineered Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Engineering Services, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Fabrications - Fort Worth, Inc. 

Triumph Fabrications - Orangeburg, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Fabrications - San Diego, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Gear Systems - Macomb, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Gear Systems - Toronto ULC 
 
 Triumph Gear Systems, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Group - Mexico Inmobiliaria, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Triumph Group - Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Triumph Group Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Triumph Group Acquisition Financing, LLC 
 
 Triumph Group Acquisition Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Group Charitable Foundation 
 
 Triumph Group Holdings - Mexico, LLC 
 
 Triumph Group Holdings - UK, Ltd. 
 
 Triumph Group Investment - Mexico, LLC 
 
 Triumph Group Luxembourg Finance S.a.r.l. 
 
 Triumph Group Luxembourg Holding S.a.r.l. 
 
 Triumph Group, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Instruments - Burbank, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Instruments, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Insulation Systems - Germany GmbH 
 
 Triumph Insulation Systems, LLC 
 
 Triumph Integrated Aircraft Interiors Inmobiliaria, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Triumph Integrated Aircraft Interiors, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Interiors, LLC 
 
 Triumph Investment Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Metals Company 
 
 Triumph Precision Castings Co. 
 
 Triumph Processing, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Real Estate - Mexico, LLC 
 
 Triumph Receivables, LLC 
 
 Triumph Structures (Thailand) Ltd. 
 
 Triumph Structures - East Texas, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Structures - Everett, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Structures - Kansas City, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Structures - Los Angeles, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Structures - Wichita, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Structures International, Ltd 
 
 Triumph Thermal Systems - Maryland, Inc. 
 
 Triumph Thermal Systems, LLC 
 
 Triumph Turbine Services, Inc. 
 
 VAC Industries, Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 tgi-ex231x3312018.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1 - CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 1) 
 Registration Statements (Form S-8 No. 333-36957 and Form S-8 No. 333-50056) pertaining to the 1996 Stock Option Plan of Triumph Group, Inc., 
 
 2) 
 Registration Statements (Form S-8 No. 333-81665 and Form S-8 No. 333-134861) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Directors Stock Incentive Plan of Triumph Group, Inc., 
 
 3) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-125888) pertaining to the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan of Triumph Group, Inc., 
 
 4) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-192537) pertaining to the 2013 Stock Purchase Plan of Triumph Group, Inc., 
 
 5) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-192538) pertaining to the 2013 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan of Triumph Group, Inc., and 
 6) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-211676) pertaining to the Time-Based Restricted Stock Award Agreement of Triumph Group, Inc. 
 7) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-219486) pertaining to the 2016 Directors Equity Compensation Plan of Triumph Group, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated May 22, 2018 , with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Triumph Group, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Triumph Group, Inc. included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Triumph Group, Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2018 . 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 May 22, 2018 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 tgi-ex311x3312018.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 - CERTIFICATION BY PRESIDENT AND CEO

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF 
 THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 I, Daniel J. Crowley, certify that: 
 1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Triumph Group, Inc. (this "Report"); 
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 
 4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 
 b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) 
 disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated: May 22, 2018 

/s/ Daniel J. Crowley 

Daniel J. Crowley 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal 
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 tgi-ex312x3312018.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 - CERTIFICATION BY SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CFO

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF 
 THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 I, James F. McCabe, Jr., certify that: 
 1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Triumph Group, Inc. (this "Report"); 
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 
 4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 
 b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) 
 disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated: May 22, 2018 

/s/ James F. McCabe, Jr. 

James F. McCabe, Jr. 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 tgi-ex321x3312018.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 - CERTIFICATION BY PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Triumph Group, Inc. (the "Company") for the year ended March 31, 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Daniel J. Crowley, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 
 (1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel J. Crowley 

Daniel J. Crowley 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

May 22, 2018 

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Triumph Group, Inc. and will be retained by Triumph Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 tgi-ex322x3312018.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 - CERTIFICATION BY SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICE

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Triumph Group, Inc. (the "Company") for the year ended March 31, 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, James F. McCabe, Jr., Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 
 (1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By: 
 /s/ James F. McCabe, Jr. 

James F. McCabe, Jr. 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

May 22, 2018 

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Triumph Group, Inc. and will be retained by Triumph Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 tgi-20180331.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 tgi-20180331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 tgi-20180331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 tgi-20180331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 tgi-20180331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 tgi-20180331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

