<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20190920_10-K_edgar_data_1748252_0001144204-19-045495.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2425095</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>337233</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>153424</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>677487</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>703339</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>495207</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-19-045495.hdr.sgml : 20190920
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20190920170843
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-19-045495
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20190630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190920
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190920

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DD3 Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001748252
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38700
		FILM NUMBER:		191105380

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PEDREGAL 24, COLONIA MOLINO DEL REY
		STREET 2:		DEL. MIGUEL HIDALGO
		CITY:			MEXICO CITY
		STATE:			O5
		ZIP:			05120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		52 55 8647-0417

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PEDREGAL 24, COLONIA MOLINO DEL REY
		STREET 2:		DEL. MIGUEL HIDALGO
		CITY:			MEXICO CITY
		STATE:			O5
		ZIP:			05120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-19-045495.txt : 20190920

10-K
 1
 tv528937_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 001-38700 

DD3
Acquisition Corp. 

Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

British Virgin Islands 
 
 N/A 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

c/o DD3 Mex Acquisition Corp 

Pedregal 24, 4th Floor 

Colonia Molino del Rey, Del. Miguel Hidalgo 

Mexico City, Mexico 
 
 11040 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: +52 (55) 8647-0417 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share and one Warrant 
 
 DDMXU 
 
 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 
 
 Ordinary Shares, no par value per share 
 
 DDMX 
 
 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 
 
 Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50 
 
 DDMXW 
 
 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 No x 

Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
Yes No x 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x 
 No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes x No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer x 
 
 Smaller reporting company x 

Emerging growth company x 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x No

As of December 31, 2018 (the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 52,992,017 (based on the closing sales price of the ordinary shares
on December 31, 2018 of 9.475, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market). 

As of September 20,
2019, 7,223,200 of the registrant s ordinary shares, no par value, were issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 29 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 31 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 35 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 36 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 37 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 41 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 42 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 42 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

references to we, us or the company refer to DD3 Acquisition
Corp.; 

references to our sponsor refer to DD3 Mex Acquisition Corp, a company affiliated
with our executive officers; 

references to founder shares refer to our ordinary shares initially purchased by
our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering; 

references to initial shareholders refer to the holders of the founder shares prior
to our initial public offering and their permitted transferees, as applicable; 

references to ordinary shares refer to our ordinary shares, no par value; 

references to public shares and public warrants refer to our ordinary
shares and warrants which were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering; 

references to public shareholders refer to the holders of our public shares, including
our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent they purchase public shares, provided that their status as public shareholders 
shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

references to private units refer to the units that were sold in private placements
in connection with our initial public offering; 

references to private shares and private warrants refer to our ordinary
shares and warrants which were sold as part of the private units; 

references to management or our management team refer to our officers
and directors; and 

references to EarlyBirdCapital refer to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain of
the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of
federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections,
forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking
statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, 
 expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.
Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability to complete our initial business combination, including our ability to consummate the proposed
Business Combination with Betterware (as such terms are defined below); 

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors
following our initial business combination; 

officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense
reimbursements; 

potential ability to obtain additional financing to
complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate
a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more
target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company 
under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ); 

ii 

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust
account balance; or 

financial performance. 

The forward-looking
statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their
potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results
or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors elsewhere in
this report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except
as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Introduction 

We are a blank
check company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands on July 23, 2018 for the purpose of entering into a
merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business
combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to in this report as our initial business combination. On
August 2, 2019, we entered into a Combination and Stock Purchase Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with
Campalier, S.A. de C.V., Promotora Forteza, S.A. de C.V., Strevo, S.A. de C.V. (collectively, the Sellers ),
Betterware de M xico, S.A. de C.V. Betterware ), BLSM Latino Am rica Servicios, S.A. de C.V. BLSM ), and, solely for the purposes of Article XI therein, our sponsor, pursuant to which we agreed to merge
(the Merger with and into Betterware in a business combination (the Business Combination that
will result in Betterware surviving the Merger (the combined company and BLSM becoming a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the combined company. 

In July 2018, we issued
1,473,500 founder shares to our sponsor for 25,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately 0.02 per share. In September
2018, our sponsor forfeited 36,000 founder shares, resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares outstanding. In November
2018, our sponsor forfeited 46,250 founder shares following the expiration of the unexercised portion of the over-allotment option
granted to the underwriters in connection with our initial public offering, thereby reducing the number of founder shares held
by the sponsor to 1,391,250. 

The registration
statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227423) for our initial public offering was declared effective by the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 11, 2018. On October 16, 2018, we consummated our initial public
offering of 5,000,000 units, with each unit consisting of one ordinary share, no par value, and one warrant, each warrant
exercisable to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. On October 23, 2018, the underwriters
for our initial public offering purchased an additional 565,000 units pursuant to the partial exercise of their
over-allotment option. The units in our initial public offering were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating
total gross proceeds of 55,650,000. 

Simultaneously with
the consummation of our initial public offering and the closing of the over-allotment option, we consummated private placements
of 225,000 and 14,125 private units, respectively, to our sponsor at a price of 10.00 per private unit, generating total proceeds
of 2,391,250 (the private placements ). 

A total of 55,650,000
(or 10.00 per unit sold in our initial public offering) of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the private placements
was placed in a trust account established for the benefit of our public shareholders (the trust account ), with Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and has been invested only in U.S. government securities within
the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having
a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of our initial
business combination and (ii) the distribution of the trust account, as described below, except that interest earned on the trust
account can be released to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution or liquidation expenses up to 50,000, as applicable. 

Transaction costs amounted
to 1,939,920, consisting of 1,391,250 of underwriting fees, and 548,670 of other costs. As of June 30, 2019, we had 175,830
in our operating bank accounts, 56,588,390 in securities held in the trust account to be used for a business combination or to
repurchase or redeem our ordinary shares in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of 235,000. 

Our units began trading
on October 12, 2018 on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DDMXU. Commencing on October 23, 2018, the ordinary
shares and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols DDMX 
and DDMXW, respectively. Those units not separated continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
 DDMXU. 

In July 2019, our sponsor
transferred all of the outstanding founder shares and 47,825 private units to certain of our directors and officers and their affiliates
(as permitted transferees) at the price originally paid for such securities, and such transferred securities remain subject to
the escrow and transfer restrictions described elsewhere in this report. 

1 

Management Expertise 

We have sought and
will continue to seek to capitalize on the operating and investing experience and network of relationships of Dr. Mart n
Werner, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jorge Combe, our Chief Operating Officer, and our other officers and directors
in consummating an initial business combination. During their careers, Dr. Werner and Mr. Combe have been involved in merger and
acquisition transactions and bond offerings valued, in the aggregate, at more than 90 billion in the retail and consumer, financial
services, infrastructure, energy, leisure and real estate industries. Dr. Werner and Mr. Combe have over 40 years of combined experience
in the financial services industry, most notably as a Partner and Managing Director, respectively, of Goldman Sachs. 

During their time at
Goldman Sachs, Dr. Werner and Mr. Combe led the Mexico and Latin-American Investment Banking Division in expanding its client
network in various industries and embracing a leadership position in the region by executing mergers and acquisitions transactions,
initial public offerings, capital raising, debt raising, leveraged buyouts and private equity transactions. 

Dr. Werner was also
instrumental in positioning Goldman Sachs as a regional player of private infrastructure investments. He worked alongside Goldman
Sachs Infrastructure Partners, the infrastructure fund that focuses on transportation, energy and utilities investments with a
long-term strategy and over 10 billion in assets under management, on their 4.1 billion investment through a joint venture
with Empresas ICA in Red de Carreteras de Occidente (RCO), Mexico s largest private concessionaire that operates an aggregate
of more than 760km of toll roads in four separate locations. Dr. Werner s participation in RCO was a catalyst in transforming
and accelerating RCO s business growth. Dr. Werner continues to serve as RCO s president and chairman of the board
of directors. 

Our management team
has extensive knowledge of the local market in Mexico and we believe they have the requisite skills to search for and consummate
a business combination. For example, Dr. Werner was involved in Citigroup s acquisition of Grupo Financiero Banamex,
S.A. de C.V., in several Telmex/America Movil acquisitions in Latin America, and in many transactions for Mexico s energy
companies, Petroleos Mexicanos, S.A. de C.V. and Comision Federal de Electricidad, S.A. de C.V. Mr. Combe was heavily involved
in sales transactions in the consumer and pharma sectors, particularly to Mars, Incorporated and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries
Ltd., and in the real estate sector in the initial offering of TF Administradora, s. de R.L. de C.V. (Terrafina) and Concentradora
Fibra Danhos S.A. de C.V., and follow-on offerings for Fibra Uno Adminisracion S.A. de C.V. and Hotelera Mexicana, S.A. de C.V.,
among others. 

In addition to the
foregoing, we have sought and will continue to seek to capitalize on the investment expertise of DD3 Capital Partners S.A. de C.V. DD3 Capital ), an affiliate of our sponsor, and support from its platform, in consummating an initial business combination.
DD3 Capital is a private investment and financial services firm founded in 2016 by Dr. Werner and Mr. Combe and headquartered in
Mexico City. DD3 Capital provides a wide range of financial services to its clients including, among others, merger and acquisitions
advisory, equity and debt capital raising, highly structured debt financing and financial restructurings. The firm distinguishes
itself by providing holistic investment advice, access to exclusive investment opportunities and creating innovative solutions
for clients with tailored services aligned to long-term goals. Despite its nascent operations, DD3 Capital manages over 50 million
in assets. DD3 Capital s investments are generally comprised of: 

Mezzanine Lending: Loans for residential real estate projects
with terms from 12 to 48 months. 

Capital Loans: Loans for mid-term projects in a variety
of sectors. 

Equity Investments: Preferred or common equity in long-term
assets. 

In 2018, DD3 Capital
established a partnership with LarrainVial S.A., a leading full-service Chilean financial services firm with operations in Peru
and Colombia, and Grupo Patio XI, one of the largest real estate developers in Latin America, which have a combined 20 ownership
stake in DD3 Capital. We believe that this partnership, which is geographically complementary to DD3 Capital s operations,
will expand the business opportunities in local and international markets that are available to us. 

Additionally, our board
members possess a number of attributes that we believe will enhance our ability to create value for our shareholders through a
successful business combination. Our board members collectively serve on more than 24 company boards and have first-hand knowledge
of potential deals and transactions in Mexico. In particular, Dr. Guillermo Ortiz, one of our independent directors, has extensive
professional experience as Secretary of Finance and Public Credit and as the Governor of the Bank of Mexico, where he was employed
from 1998 to 2009 under two different government administrations, actively contributing to maintaining Mexico s economic
stability during the financial crisis and making headwinds in emerging markets. Dr. Ortiz has long-standing relationships
with industry executives, owners of private and public companies, capital market investors, private equity funds and government
officials. 

2 

We intend to identify
and seek to consummate a business combination with a business that could benefit from a hands-on partner with extensive financial
experience. Even fundamentally sound companies can often under-perform due to underinvestment, temporary periods of dislocation
in the markets in which they operate, over-levered capital structures, excessive cost structures, incomplete management teams and/or
inappropriate business strategies. Our management team has extensive experience in identifying, structuring and executing acquisitions
across various industries to capture arbitrage opportunities and managing assets to optimize a business s performance. In
addition, our team has significant hands-on experience working with private companies, from preparing and executing an initial
public offering to being active owners and directors. Our management team has been instrumental, working closely with companies,
in implementing major business transformations and helping to create value through the public markets. Dr. Werner and Mr. Combe
have developed an extensive network of relationships through their careers, ranging from owners of private and public companies,
private equity funds, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and business brokers to executives of government-owned entities
and public officials. We believe that this network will allow us to generate a substantial number of attractive risk-adjusted acquisition
opportunities. Our management team is confident that its ability to identify and implement value creation initiatives will remain
central to its unique acquisition strategy. Our management team s objective is to generate attractive financial returns and
create significant value for our shareholders by using its relationships with top individuals and industry players in the region. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the past successes of Dr. Werner and Mr. Combe, DD3 Capital, our other officers and directors, and their respective
affiliates, is not a guarantee that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or realize
success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of such individuals 
or entity s performance as indicative of our future performance. None of our officers or directors has had experience with
blank check companies or special purpose acquisition companies in the past. 

Target Business Focus 

We have focused our
search on target businesses located in Mexico and Hispanic businesses located in the U.S., although we are not limited to companies
in these geographic areas. We strongly believe there is a vast number of opportunities in Mexico. Mexico currently has a population
of approximately 130 million and a 1.2 trillion gross domestic product, or GDP, making it the 15th largest global economy
and the second largest in Latin America. Mexico has a resilient macroeconomic backdrop and strong economic foundation. Mexico s
economy continues to grow with diversified foreign direct investment, or FDI, sources, competitive edges and solid structural reforms
that are able to absorb economic shocks and support GDP growth. 

Mexico s economic
growth accelerated in 2018 with a real GDP growth of 2.0 in 2018, largely as a result of an improved outlook for the U.S. economy.
While manufacturing is expected to act as a major driver of growth over the coming decade, we believe Mexico is set to begin transitioning
toward a more services-oriented economy with stronger private consumers boosting the country s economic outlook. 

Mexico is also an open
economy with a network of 13 free trade agreements encompassing 50 countries, 32 Reciprocal Investment Promotion and Protection
Agreements, or RIPPAs, with 33 countries, and nine trade agreements, including NAFTA and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, among others.
Although the United States represents more than 80 of Mexico s total exports, relaxed regulation of Mexico s energy
sector and manufacturing industry will be an important anchor of future direct investment and solid economic expansion that will
diversify the country s trade partnerships and improve cross-border growth opportunities. Nevertheless, Mexico is experiencing
high volatility in foreign exchange rates, headwinds in the local stock market, and uncertainty from private company owners. Thus,
we are seeking to benefit from the country s current status and capitalize on investment opportunities with attractive valuations
and very favorable medium-term fundamentals by applying our experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial
market conditions. 

Mexico s capital
markets and banking penetration levels are more comparable to those of less developed economies and fixed investments are the main
driver of economic growth. Over the last couple of years, the Mexican Stock Exchange has tried to encourage investors through
the incorporation of new investment vehicles; nevertheless, the Mexican stock market lacks a diverse sophisticated investors base
to fully exploit the potential benefits of the investment. As a result, the Mexican stock market has not been effective in allowing
high growth medium size companies to raise equity. We believe that this market imperfection will allow us to capitalize on unique
opportunities as many companies will find alternative sources of capital and a U.S. listing extremely attractive and enables them
to continue to grow and thrive. Given the significant valuation discount to relevant public peers that mid-market companies usually
carry in Mexico and DD3 Capital s experience in executing deals with similar private companies, we believe that we can create
attractive upside potential to public investors through a business combination. 

3 

On July 1, 2018, popular
elections were held in Mexico to vote for the president, members of the Congress and other federal and local offices. As a result
of the electoral process, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, who was running as the candidate of the Together We Make History Juntos
Haremos Historia alliance, was elected President of Mexico and took office on December 1, 2018. Additionally, the Together
We Make History alliance won a majority in Congress and most of the governorships and local congresses. The victory achieved by
the Together We Make History alliance in the federal executive branch and the Congress could result in either the implementation
of substantial changes to, the Mexican Constitution, federal laws, ordinances, regulations and policies currently in force in Mexico
or the continuity of prior approved laws and policies that are necessary or convenient for Mexico s development. The implementation
of changes to the current laws could generate uncertainty, which in turn could affect the country s economic situation and
the stability of the peso, among other macroeconomic variables. The past elections, both at the federal and local levels, and the
uncertainty associated with the measures to be implemented by the new government could significantly affect Mexico s development.
On November 30, 2018, the presidents of Mexico, the United States and Canada signed the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement,
or the USMCA, which has only been ratified by Mexico. Once ratified by the legislatures of the three countries, the USMCA would
replace NAFTA. As of the date of this report, there is uncertainty about whether the USMCA will be ratified by the United States
and Canada, as well as the timing thereof, and the potential for further re-negotiation, or even termination, of NAFTA. We cannot
provide any assurance that future political developments in Mexico, over which we have no control, will not have an unfavorable
impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, effecting a business combination with a company located in Mexico, or another jurisdiction outside of the United States,
could subject us to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. See the risk factor titled If
we effect a business combination with a company located in Mexico or another foreign jurisdiction, we would be subject to a variety
of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations for more information on the risks attendant to acquiring
a target business in Mexico. Furthermore, if we determine to acquire a target business located outside of Mexico, the positive
aspects of consummating a business combination in Mexico would not be applicable to our business going forward. 

Acquisition Criteria 

Consistent with our
business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating
prospective target businesses. We intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may
decide to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that does not meet one or all of these criteria and
guidelines. We intend to acquire companies that: 

are fundamentally sound but we believe can achieve better results by leveraging the operating and
financial experience of our management team; 

we believe are able to innovate through new operational techniques, or where we can drive
 improved financial performance; 

are established companies with proven business models, strong operations and fundamentals for revenue
and earnings growth; 

generate solid free cash flows or have the potential to generate strong, stable and increasing
free cash flows; 

have leading, growing or strong industry positioning, or are well positioned to participate as
a consolidator in its sector; 

have an experienced management team that can implement growth initiatives with a primary capital
injection; and/or 

offer attractive risk-adjusted returns. 

These criteria are
not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based,
to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria our management may deem
relevant. 

4 

We believe our management
team s extensive contacts, broad industry knowledge and highly regarded experience will yield a robust deal flow from which
we may select a target. We will seek to acquire the target on terms and in a manner that leverages our management team s
experience. The potential upside from growth in the target business and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any
identified downside risks designed to balance value creation with capital preservation. 

Effecting a Business Combination 

We will either (1)
seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose, at which time shareholders
may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders
with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote)
for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable),
in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of our proposed
business combination or allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would
otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Unlike other blank check companies which require shareholder votes and conduct
proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and related redemptions of public shares for cash upon
consummation of such initial business combinations, even when a vote is not required by law, we will have the flexibility to avoid
such shareholder vote and allow our shareholders to sell their shares pursuant to the SEC s tender offer rules. In that case,
we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about
the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination
only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek shareholder approval, a majority
of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 

We have until April
16, 2020 to consummate an initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within such
time period, we will redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further
described herein, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. We expect the pro rata redemption price to be approximately 10.00
per public share, without taking into account any interest earned on such funds. However, we cannot assure you that we will in
fact be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public
shareholders. 

Our initial business
combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets
held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter
into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors
based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash
flow and/or book value). Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will
have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial
degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors when it evaluates
the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection
with any proposed transaction will provide public shareholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business,
as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able independently to determine the fair market value of the target
business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that
commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

We currently anticipate
structuring a business combination to acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may,
however, structure our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than
100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders
or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 
or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business
combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange
for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target;
however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business
combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than
100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market
value test. 

5 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to
ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our
financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there
may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the
sale of the private units, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available
financial resources. 

The following also
may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our obligation to seek shareholder approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer
may delay the completion of a transaction; 

our obligation to pay EarlyBirdCapital a fee upon consummation of our initial business combination
pursuant to the business combination marketing agreement; 

our obligation to redeem or repurchase ordinary shares held by our public shareholders may reduce
the resources available to us for a business combination; and 

our outstanding warrants and unit purchase option, and the potential future dilution they represent. 

Any of these factors
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however,
that our status as a public entity and access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over
privately-held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential
on favorable terms. 

If we succeed in effecting
a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot
assure you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Employees 

We have three executive
officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as
much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether
a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company
is in. Accordingly, once a suitable target business to acquire has been located, management will spend more time investigating
such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs)
than had been spent prior to locating a suitable target business. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the
consummation of a business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial
Statements 

We have registered
our units, ordinary shares and warrants under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance
with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our
independent registered public accountants. These filings are available to the public via the Internet at the SEC s website
located at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document that we file with the SEC at the SEC s public reference
room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. For more information, please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You may
request a copy of our filings with the SEC (excluding exhibits) at no cost by writing or telephoning us at the following address
or telephone number: 

6 

DD3 Acquisition Corp. 

 c/o DD3 Mex Acquisition
Corp 

 Pedregal 24, 4th Floor 

 Colonia Molino del
Rey, Del. Miguel Hidalgo 

 11040 Mexico City,
Mexico 

 Tel: +52 (55) 8647-0417 

We will provide shareholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer
documents sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared
in accordance with or reconciled to United States generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting
standards. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will
have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. 

We may be required
to have our internal control procedures audited for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act and will remain such for up to five years. However, if our annual gross revenue
is 1.07 billion or more, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period exceeds 1 billion or the market value
of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any
given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company,
we have elected, under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section
7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), for complying with new or revised accounting
standards. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Ownership of our
securities involves a high degree of risk. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating
results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline and a holder of
our securities could lose all or part of its investment. This report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result
of specific factors, including the risks described below. Shareholders should review closely the risk factors included in the proxy
statement/prospectus that will be a part of the Registration Statement on Form F-4 that is expected to be filed with the SEC in
connection with the special meeting of shareholders to approve the Business Combination Agreement and the Business Combination. 

We are a blank
check company with no operating history and, accordingly, you will not have any basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 

We are a blank check
company with no operating results to date. Since we do not have an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate
our ability to achieve our business objective, which is to acquire an operating business. We will not generate any revenues until,
at the earliest, after the consummation of a business combination. 

7 

If we are unable
to consummate a business combination, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond April 16, 2020 before receiving distributions
from the trust account. 

If we are unable to
consummate our initial business combination by April 16, 2020, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less
up to 50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption of our public
shares and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs by way of a voluntary liquidation, as further
described herein. Any redemption of public shares from the trust account shall be effected automatically by function of our memorandum
and articles of association prior to our commencing any voluntary liquidation. If we are required to liquidate prior to distributing
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay liquidation
expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders, then such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable
provisions of the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 (the Companies Act ). In that case, investors may be forced to
wait beyond April 16, 2020 before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them. Except as otherwise described
herein, we have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate
our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their public shares.
Only upon the redemption of our public shares or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are
unable to complete our initial business combination. 

If we liquidate,
distributions, or part of them, may be delayed while the liquidator determines the extent of potential creditor claims. 

Pursuant to, among
other documents, our memorandum and articles of association, if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 16,
2020, our public shares will be automatically redeemed for their pro rata share of the available funds in the trust account. Thereafter,
we will proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the company. In connection with such a
voluntary liquidation, the liquidator would give notice to our creditors inviting them to submit their claims for payment, by notifying
known creditors (if any) who have not submitted claims and by placing a public advertisement in at least one newspaper published
in the British Virgin Islands and in at least one newspaper circulating in the location where the company has its principal place
of business, and taking any other steps the liquidator considers appropriate, after which our remaining assets would be distributed. 

As soon as our affairs
are fully wound-up, if we were to liquidate, the liquidator must complete his statement of account and will then notify the Registrar
of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands (the Registrar that the liquidation has been completed. However,
the liquidator may determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors claims (particularly if there
is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). Also, a creditor or shareholder may file a petition
with the British Virgin Islands Court, which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of
that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our remaining assets. 

In any liquidation
proceedings of the company under British Virgin Islands law, the funds held in our trust account may be included in our estate
and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any such claims deplete
the trust account we may not be able to return to our public shareholders the redemption amounts payable to them. 

If we are deemed
to be insolvent, distributions, or part of them, may be delayed while the insolvency liquidator determines the extent of potential
creditor claims. In these circumstances, prior payments made by the company may be deemed voidable transactions. 

Pursuant to our memorandum
and articles of association, if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 16, 2020, our public shares will be
automatically redeemed into their pro rata portion of the proceeds of the trust account. 

However, if at any
time we are deemed insolvent for the purposes of the Insolvency Act, 2003 of the British Virgin Islands (the Insolvency
Act (i.e. (i) we fail to comply with the requirements of a statutory demand that has not been set aside under section 157
of the Insolvency Act; (ii) execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a British Virgin Islands Court
in favor of a creditor of the company is returned wholly or partly unsatisfied; or (iii) either the value of the company s
liabilities exceeds its assets, or the company is unable to pay its debts as they become due), we are required to immediately enter
insolvent liquidation. In these circumstances, a liquidator will be appointed who will give notice to our creditors inviting them
to submit their claims for payment, by notifying known creditors (if any) who have not submitted claims and by placing a public
advertisement in at least one newspaper published in the British Virgin Islands and in at least one newspaper circulating in the
location where the company has its principal place of business, and taking any other steps he considers appropriate, after which
our assets would be distributed. Following the process of insolvent liquidation, the liquidator will complete its final report
and accounts and will then notify the Registrar. The liquidator may determine that he requires additional time to evaluate creditors 
claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). Also, a creditor or shareholder
may file a petition with the British Virgin Islands Court which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to
the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our assets to our public shareholders. In
such liquidation proceedings, the funds held in our trust account may be included in our estate and subject to the claims of third
parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any such claims deplete the trust account we cannot assure
you we will be able to return to our public shareholders the amounts otherwise payable to them. 

8 

If we are deemed insolvent,
then there are also limited circumstances where prior payments made to shareholders or other parties may be deemed to be a voidable
transaction for the purposes of the Insolvency Act, in which case shareholders could be required to pay back such amounts.
A voidable transaction would be, for these purposes, payments made as unfair preferences or transactions at
an undervalue. Where a payment was at risk of being deemed a voidable transaction, a liquidator appointed over an insolvent
company could apply to the British Virgin Islands Court for an order, inter alia, for the transaction to be set aside as a voidable
transaction in whole or in part. 

Our initial shareholders
have waived their right to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to the founder shares, and our sponsor has
waived its right to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to the private shares. We will pay the costs of our
liquidation and distribution of the trust account from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. In addition, our sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us for all claims of creditors to the extent that we fail to obtain executed waivers from
such entities in order to protect the amounts held in trust, except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of
our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we cannot assure
you that the liquidator will not determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors claims (particularly
if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). We also cannot assure you that a creditor
or shareholder will not file a petition with the British Virgin Islands Court which, if successful, may result in our liquidation
being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our assets to our public
shareholders. 

If we are deemed
to be insolvent, distributions made to public shareholders, or part of them, from our trust account may be subject to claw back
in certain circumstances. 

If we do not complete
our initial business combination by April 16, 2020, and instead distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
(net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders by
way of redemption, it will be necessary for our directors to pass a board resolution approving the redemption of those ordinary
shares and the payment of the proceeds to public shareholders. Such board resolutions are required to confirm that we satisfy the
solvency test prescribed by the Companies Act (namely that our assets exceed our liabilities; and that we are able to pay our debts
as they become due). If, after the redemption proceeds are paid to public shareholders, it is subsequently determined that our
financial position at the time was such that it did not satisfy the solvency test, the Companies Act provides a mechanism by which
those proceeds could be recovered from public shareholders. However, the Companies Act also provides for circumstances where such
proceeds could not be subject to claw back, namely where (a) the public shareholders received the proceeds in good faith and without
knowledge of our failure to satisfy the solvency test; (b) a public shareholder altered its position in reliance of the validity
of the payment of the proceeds; or (c) it would be unfair to require repayment of the proceeds in full or at all. 

Our security
holders are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds
of our initial public offering are intended to be used to complete a business combination with a target business that has not been
identified, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, since
we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the consummation of our initial public offering and filed a Current
Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC
to protect investors of blank check companies such as Rule 419. Accordingly, our security holders are not afforded the benefits
or protections of those rules which would, for example, completely restrict the transferability of our securities, require us to
complete a business combination within 18 months of the effective date of the initial registration statement and restrict the use
of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account. Because we are not subject to Rule 419, our units were immediately tradable
upon consummation of our initial public offering, and we will be entitled to withdraw certain amounts from the funds held in the
trust account prior to the completion of a business combination. 

9 

If funds not
being held in trust are insufficient to allow us to operate until April 16, 2020, we may be unable to complete a business combination.

We believe that
the funds available to us outside of the trust account and a commitment from DD3 Capital, an affiliate of our sponsor, to
provide us an aggregate of 50,000 in loans, will be sufficient to allow us to operate through April 16, 2020, assuming
that a business combination is not consummated during that time. However, we cannot assure you that our estimates will be
accurate. Accordingly, if we use all of the funds held outside of the trust account, we may not have sufficient funds
available with which to structure, negotiate or close an initial business combination. In such event, we would need to borrow
funds from our sponsor, officers or directors or their affiliates to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Our sponsor,
officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in
whatever amount that they deem reasonable in their sole discretion for our working capital needs. Each loan would be
evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without
interest, or, at the holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units at a price
of 10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the private units. 

If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in trust could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by shareholders
may be less than 10.00. 

Our placing of funds
in trust may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service
providers we engage and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, they may not execute
such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the trust account.
A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in trust could be subject to claims which
could take priority over those of our public shareholders. If we are unable to complete a business combination and distribute the
proceeds held in trust to our public shareholders, our sponsor has agreed (subject to certain exceptions described in our final
prospectus filed with the SEC on October 12, 2018) that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are
not reduced below 10.00 per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money
by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. However, it may not be able to meet such obligation. We have
not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore,
the per-share distribution from the trust account may be less than 10.00, plus interest, due to such claims. 

Our directors
may decide not to enforce our sponsor s indemnification obligations, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the
trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the
proceeds in the trust account are reduced below 10.00 per public share and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine
whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce such indemnification obligations. It is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors
choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to
our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

We are an emerging
growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will
make our ordinary shares less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years.
However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period exceeds 1.0 billion or our total annual gross revenues
exceed 1.07 billion, or the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million on the last
day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following
fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we
have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private
companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our ordinary shares less attractive because
we may rely on these provisions. If some investors find our ordinary shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active
trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile. 

10 

If we do not
hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, shareholders will not
be afforded an opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with management until such time. 

Unless otherwise required
by law or the Nasdaq Capital Market, we do not currently intend to call an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate
our initial business combination. If our shareholders want us to hold a meeting prior to our consummation of our initial business
combination, they may do so by members holding not less than 30 of voting rights in respect of the matter for which the meeting
is requested making a request in writing to the directors in accordance with Section 82(2) of the Companies Act. Under British
Virgin Islands law, we may not increase the required percentage to call a meeting above 30 . Until we hold an annual meeting of
shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with management. 

Changes in laws
or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results
of operations. 

We are subject to laws
and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain
SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming
and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with
applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. 

Nasdaq may delist
our securities from quotation on its exchange which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our securities are
currently listed on Nasdaq, a national securities exchange. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed
on Nasdaq in the future prior to an initial business combination. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination,
it is likely that Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as
opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing
requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our
securities from trading on its exchange, we and our investors could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a determination that our ordinary shares are penny stock which will require brokers
trading in our ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in
the secondary trading market for our ordinary shares; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities
Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain
securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, ordinary shares and warrants are currently
listed on Nasdaq, our units, ordinary shares and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating
the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud,
and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular
case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank
check companies, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten
to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed
on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer
our securities. 

11 

The provisions
of our memorandum and articles of association relating to the rights and obligations attaching to our ordinary shares may be amended
prior to the consummation of our initial business combination with the approval of the holders of 65 (or 50 if for the purposes
of approving, or in conjunction with, the consummation of our initial business combination) of our outstanding ordinary shares
attending and voting on such amendment at the relevant meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of many blank check
companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the consummation
of our initial business combination that a significant number of our shareholders may not support. 

Many blank check companies
have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a
company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders.
Typically, amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s public shareholders.
Our memorandum and articles of association provide that, prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the provisions
related to pre-business combination activity and the rights and obligations attaching to the ordinary shares may be amended if
approved by holders of 65 (or 50 if approved in connection with our initial business combination) of our outstanding ordinary
shares attending and voting on such amendment. Prior to our initial business combination, if we seek to amend any provisions of
our memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will
provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote on any
proposed amendments to our memorandum and articles of association. Other provisions of our memorandum and articles of association
may be amended prior to the consummation of our initial business combination if approved by a majority of the votes of shareholders
attending and voting on such amendment or by resolution of the directors. Following the consummation of our initial business combination,
the rights and obligations attaching to our ordinary shares and other provisions of our memorandum and articles of association
may be amended if approved by a majority of the votes of shareholders attending and voting on such amendment or by resolution of
the directors. Our initial shareholders, which beneficially own approximately 22.6 of our ordinary shares, will participate in
any vote to amend our memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As
a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination
and the rights and obligations attaching to the ordinary shares more easily than many blank check companies, and this may increase
our ability to consummate an initial business combination with which you do not agree. However, we and our directors and officers
have agreed not to propose any amendment to our memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance and timing
of our obligation to redeem the public shares of any public shareholder without the consent of that holder if we are unable to
consummate our initial business combination by April 16, 2020. 

Our initial shareholders
control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a shareholder vote. 

Our initial shareholders
own approximately 22.6 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates
has indicated any intention to purchase any units or ordinary shares from persons in the open market or in private transactions.
However, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates could determine in the future to make such purchases in the open
market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order to influence the vote or magnitude of the number of
shareholders seeking to tender their shares to us. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, our sponsor,
as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote the ordinary shares owned by them in favor of such proposed business
combination. 

Our board of directors
is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being
elected in each year. It is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation
of a business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of
the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board
of directors will be considered for election and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable
influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation
of a business combination. 

Our memorandum
and articles of association permit the board of directors by resolution to amend our memorandum and articles of association to
create additional classes of securities, including shares with rights, preferences, designations and limitations as they determine
which may have an anti-takeover effect. 

Our memorandum and
articles of association permits the board of directors by resolution to amend the memorandum and articles of association to designate
rights, preferences, designations and limitations attaching to the preferred shares as they determine in their discretion, without
shareholder approval with respect the terms or the issuance. If issued, the rights, preferences, designations and limitations of
the preferred shares would be set by the board of directors and could operate to the disadvantage of the outstanding ordinary shares
the holders of which would not have any pre-emption rights in respect of such an issue of preferred shares. Such terms could include,
among others, preferences as to dividends and distributions on liquidation, or could be used to prevent possible corporate takeovers.
We may issue some or all of such preferred shares in connection with our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
we and our directors and officers have agreed not to propose any amendment to our memorandum and articles of association that would
affect the substance and timing of our obligation to redeem our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial business
combination by April 16, 2020. 

12 

If we do not
file and maintain a current and effective registration statement relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants, holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis. 

If we do not file and
maintain a current and effective registration statement relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a cashless basis 
and only if an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of ordinary shares that holders will receive upon
exercise of the warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption
from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise
their warrants for cash if a current and effective registration statement relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions
and to file and maintain a current and effective registration statement relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable
to do so, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless if
they cannot be sold. 

A warrantholder
will only be able to exercise a warrant if the issuance of ordinary shares upon such exercise has been registered or qualified
or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. 

No warrants will be
exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless the ordinary shares issuable upon such exercise has been
registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants.
If the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions
in which the holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited
and they may expire worthless if they cannot be sold. 

We may amend
the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then
outstanding warrants. 

Our warrants were issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us.
The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
warrants (including the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.
We would need only 2,662,938, or 47.9 of the public warrants to vote in favor of a proposed amendment for it to be approved (excluding
the warrants underlying the unit purchase option and assuming the holders of the private warrants all voted in favor of the amendment).
Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to you without your approval. 

We may redeem
your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.

We have the ability
to redeem outstanding warrants (excluding the private warrants and any warrants underlying additional units issued to our sponsor,
officers or directors in payment of working capital loans made to us but including any warrants issued upon exercise of the unit
purchase option issued to EarlyBirdCapital) at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price
of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of an ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 per share
(as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day
period ending on the third business day prior to proper notice of such redemption, provided that on the date we give notice of
redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the warrants, we have an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating
to them is available. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable
to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding
warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous
for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants
or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely
to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private warrants will be redeemable by us so long
as they are held by our sponsor, officers or directors or their permitted transferees. 

13 

Our management s
ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer ordinary
shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash.

If we call our public
warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder
that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any warrants held by our sponsor, officers or directors or their permitted transferees)
to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, the number of ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised
his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment
in our company. 

Our public shareholders
may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination. 

We will either (1)
seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders
may seek to redeem their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into
their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for
a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net
of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on October 12,
2018. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders
to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors
such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval.
For instance, Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a shareholder meeting but would still require
us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration
in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of
our outstanding shares, we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination instead of conducting a tender offer. Furthermore,
shareholder approval would not be required pursuant to the Companies Act if our initial business combination were structured as
a purchase of assets, a purchase of stock of the target not involving a merger with us, or a merger of the target into a subsidiary
of our company, or if we otherwise entered into contractual arrangements with a target to obtain control of such company. Accordingly,
it is possible that we will consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not
approve of the business combination we consummate. 

We may issue
shares of our capital stock or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would dilute the equity interest of our
shareholders and may cause a change in control of our company. 

Our memorandum and
articles of association authorizes the issuance of an unlimited amount of both ordinary shares of no par value and preferred shares
of no par value. Although we have no commitment as of the date of this report, we may issue a substantial number of additional
ordinary shares or preferred shares, or a combination of ordinary shares and preferred shares, to complete a business combination.
The issuance of additional ordinary shares will not reduce the per-share redemption amount in the trust account. The issuance of
additional ordinary shares or preferred shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our shareholders; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if we issue preferred shares with rights
senior to those afforded to our ordinary shares; 

may cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may
affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation
or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our ordinary shares. 

Similarly, if we issue
debt securities, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are
insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

14 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest
payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a
waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable
on demand; and 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants
restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding. 

If we incur indebtedness,
our lenders will not have a claim on the cash in the trust account and such indebtedness will not decrease the per-share redemption
amount in the trust account. 

Since we are
not limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic jurisdiction in which to complete a business combination, we are unable
to currently ascertain the merits or risks of the industry or business in which we may ultimately operate. 

Although we currently
intend to focus on target businesses located in Mexico and Hispanic businesses located in the U.S., we may pursue an acquisition
opportunity in any business industry, sector or geographic location we choose. Accordingly, there is no current basis for you to
evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business which
we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we complete a business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in
its development stage, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations of those entities. If we complete
a business combination with an entity in an industry or geographic location characterized by a high level of risk, we may be affected
by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry or geographic location. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular industry, geographic location or target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not
ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a target business. 

Our ability to
successfully effect a business combination and to be successful thereafter will be largely dependent upon the efforts of our key
personnel, some of whom may join us following a business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we
engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. 

Our ability to successfully
effect a business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any
of our key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers are required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, our officers will have conflicts of interest in allocating
management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related
due diligence. We do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected
loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. 

The role of our key
personnel after a business combination, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may serve
in senior management or advisory positions following a business combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management
of the target business will remain in place. In addition, the operational experience of our officers is generally limited to the
investment banking industry. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a public company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such
requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect
our operations. 

Our key personnel
may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination.
These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result, may cause them
to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel will
be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment
or consulting agreements or other appropriate arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would
take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation
in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the
business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and
selecting a target business. 

15 

Our officers
and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how
much time to devote to our affairs. This could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination. 

Our officers and directors
are officers and/or directors of our sponsor and will not commit their full time to our affairs. We presently expect each of our
employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full-time
employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. The foregoing could have a negative impact on our ability
to consummate our initial business combination. 

Our officers
and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for a business
combination. 

Our sponsor has waived
its right to redeem its founder shares and any other shares it purchases, or to receive distributions from the trust account with
respect to its founder shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate a business combination. Accordingly, the founder
shares, as well as the private units and any warrants purchased by our officers or directors in the aftermarket, will be worthless
if we do not consummate a business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence
their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our
directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict
of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and
in our shareholders best interest. 

Our officers
and directors or their affiliates have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and accordingly, may have conflicts of
interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our officers and directors
or their affiliates have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies. Accordingly, they may participate
in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial business combination.
As a result, a potential target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation to
us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. 

If we seek shareholder
approval of our business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares
from shareholders, in which case they may influence a vote in favor of a proposed business combination that you do not support.

If we seek shareholder
approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules (assuming we are not deemed to be a foreign private issuer at such time), our sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or
following the consummation of our initial business combination. Such a purchase would include a contractual acknowledgement that
such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees
not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase
shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights,
such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. 

The purpose of such
purchases would be to (1) increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (2) satisfy
a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the
closing of the business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the
consummation of an initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

Purchases of
ordinary shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their
affiliates may make it difficult for us to maintain the listing of our ordinary shares on a national securities exchange following
the consummation of an initial business combination. 

If our sponsor, directors,
officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase ordinary shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, the
public float of our ordinary shares and the number of beneficial holders of our securities would both be reduced,
possibly making it difficult to maintain the listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange following consummation
of the business combination or requiring us to comply with the going-private rules under the Exchange Act. 

16 

Our outstanding
warrants and unit purchase option may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares and make it more difficult
to effect a business combination. 

We issued warrants
to purchase 5,565,000 ordinary shares as part of the units sold in our initial public offering (including the partial exercise
of the underwriters over-allotment option) and private warrants to purchase 239,125 ordinary shares as part of the private
units sold in the private placements. We also issued a unit purchase option to purchase 250,000 units to EarlyBirdCapital which,
if exercised, will result in the issuance of 250,000 ordinary shares and warrants to purchase an additional 250,000 ordinary shares.
We may also issue other units to our sponsor, officers or directors in payment of working capital loans made to us as described
in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on October 12, 2018. To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effect a business combination,
the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less
attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such securities, when exercised, will increase the number of issued
and outstanding ordinary shares and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination. Accordingly, our
warrants and the unit purchase option may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring
the target business. Additionally, the sale, or even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the warrants could have
an adverse effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing. 

If our security
holders exercise their registration rights, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares and the existence
of these rights may make it more difficult to effect a business combination. 

Our sponsor is entitled
to make a demand that we register the resale of the founder shares at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which
their shares may be released from escrow. The founder shares will be held in escrow until, (1) with respect to 50 of the founder
shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the
closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations
and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination
and (2) with respect to the remaining 50 of the founder shares, one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger,
stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property. Additionally, the holders of the private units and any units our sponsor, officers,
directors, or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us are entitled to demand that we register
the resale of the private units and any other units we issue to them (and the underlying securities) commencing at any time after
we consummate an initial business combination. The presence of these additional ordinary shares trading in the public market may
have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it more difficult
to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business, as the shareholders of the target business
may be discouraged from entering into a business combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities because
of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for our ordinary shares. 

If we are deemed
to be an investment company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete a business combination. 

A company that, among
other things, is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing,
reinvesting, owning, trading or holding certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. Since we will invest the proceeds held in the trust account, it is possible that we could be deemed an investment
company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment
Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in trust may be invested by the trustee only in United States government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, we intend to meet the requirements for
the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 

If we are nevertheless
deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be subject to certain restrictions that may make it
more difficult for us to complete a business combination, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

17 

restrictions on the issuance of securities. 

In addition, we may
have imposed upon us certain burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements
and other rules and regulations. 

Compliance with these
additional regulatory burdens would require additional expense for which we have not allotted any funds. 

If we do not
conduct an adequate due diligence investigation of a target business, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs,
restructuring, and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results
of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

We intend to conduct
a due diligence investigation of the target businesses we propose to acquire. Intensive due diligence is time consuming and expensive
due to the operations, accounting, finance and legal professionals who must be involved in the due diligence process. Even if we
conduct extensive due diligence on a target business, this diligence may not reveal all material issues that may affect a particular
target business, and factors outside the control of the target business and outside of our control may later arise. If our diligence
fails to identify issues specific to a target business, industry or the environment in which the target business operates, we may
be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could
result in our reporting losses. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity,
the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our ordinary shares.
In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result
of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. 

The requirement
that we complete an initial business combination by April 16, 2020 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination. 

We have until April
16, 2020 to complete an initial business combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning
a business combination will be aware of this requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete a business combination with that particular target business, we may
be unable to complete a business combination with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time
limit referenced above. 

We may not obtain
a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely on the judgment
of our board of directors in deciding whether to approve a proposed business combination that we submit to our shareholders for
approval. 

We will only be required
to obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire if it is an entity that is affiliated
with any of our officers, directors or sponsor. In all other instances, we will have no obligation to obtain an opinion. Accordingly,
investors will be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in deciding whether to approve a proposed business combination
that we submit to our shareholders for approval. 

Resources could
be spent researching acquisitions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. 

It is anticipated that
the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure
documents, and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to complete a specific business combination, the costs incurred up to that point
for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific
target business, we may fail to consummate the business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control.
Any such event would result in a loss to us of the related funds spent to cover the costs incurred which could materially adversely
affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. 

18 

Compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing
an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and may require that we have such system
of internal controls audited beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending June 30, 2020. If we fail to maintain
the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or shareholder
litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
also requires that our independent registered public accounting firm report on management s evaluation of our system of internal
controls. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal
controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase
the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls,
or difficulties encountered in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future,
could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of
our shares. 

We are not subject
to the supervision of the Financial Services Commission of the British Virgin Islands and so our shareholders are not protected
by any regulatory inspections in the British Virgin Islands. 

We are not an entity
subject to any regulatory supervision in the British Virgin Islands by the Financial Services Commission. As a result, shareholders
are not protected by any regulatory supervision or inspections by any regulatory agency in the British Virgin Islands and we are
not required to observe any restrictions in respect of our conduct save as disclosed in our memorandum and articles of association. 

Shareholders
may face difficulties in protecting their interests, and their ability to protect their rights through the U.S. federal courts
may be limited, because we are incorporated under British Virgin Islands law. 

We are a company incorporated
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for holders of our securities to enforce judgments
obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs
are governed by our memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the British Virgin Islands.
The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities
of our directors to us under British Virgin Islands law are governed by the Companies Act and the common law of the British Virgin
Islands. The common law of the British Virgin Islands is derived from English common law, and whilst the decisions of the English
courts are of persuasive authority, they are not binding on a court in the British Virgin Islands. The rights of our shareholders
and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under British Virgin Islands law may not be as clearly established as they
would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the British Virgin Islands
has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and some states, such as Delaware, have more fully
developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, while statutory provisions do exist in British Virgin
Islands law for derivative actions to be brought in certain circumstances, shareholders in British Virgin Islands companies may
not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in a federal court of the United States. The circumstances in which
any such action may be brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect to any such action, may result
in the rights of shareholders of a British Virgin Islands company being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized
in the United States. Accordingly, shareholders may have fewer alternatives available to them if they believe that corporate wrongdoing
has occurred. 

The British Virgin
Islands Courts are also unlikely: 

to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States based on certain civil
liability provisions of U.S. securities laws where that liability is in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or
revenue obligations of the company; and 

to impose liabilities against us, in original actions brought in the British Virgin Islands, based
on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws that are penal in nature. 

19 

There is no statutory
recognition in the British Virgin Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, although the courts of the British Virgin
Islands will in certain circumstances recognize such a foreign judgment and treat it as a cause of action in itself which may be
sued upon as a debt at common law so that no retrial of the issues would be necessary provided that: 

the U.S. court issuing the judgment had jurisdiction in the matter and the company either submitted
to such jurisdiction or was resident or carrying on business within such jurisdiction and was duly served with process; 

the judgment is final and for a liquidated sum; 

the judgment given by the U.S. court was not in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal
or revenue obligations of the company; 

in obtaining judgment there was no fraud on the part of the person in whose favor judgment was
given or on the part of the court; 

recognition or enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to public policy in the British
Virgin Islands; and 

the proceedings pursuant to which judgment was obtained were not contrary to natural justice. 

In appropriate circumstances,
a British Virgin Islands Court may give effect in the British Virgin Islands to other kinds of final foreign judgments such as
declaratory orders, orders for performance of contracts and injunctions. 

As a result of all
of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management
or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a U.S. company. 

We may qualify
as a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
to U.S. investors. 

If we are determined
to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. holder of our ordinary
shares or warrants, the U.S. holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional
reporting requirements. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up
exception. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and
there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect
to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any future taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however,
will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will
endeavor to provide to a U.S. holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including
a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund 
election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would likely be
unavailable with respect to our warrants. We urge U.S. holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application
of the PFIC rules. 

Risks Associated
with Acquiring and Operating a Business Outside of the United States 

If we effect
a business combination with a company located in Mexico or another foreign jurisdiction, we would be subject to a variety of additional
risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we are successful
in consummating a business combination with a target business in Mexico, or if we effect a business combination with a company
located in another foreign country, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating
in the target business home jurisdiction, including any of the following: 

rules and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

20 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States, which could result in uncertainty
and/or changes in or to existing trade treaties. 

In particular, if we
acquire a target business in Mexico, we would be subject to the risk of changes in economic conditions, social conditions and political
conditions inherent in Mexico, including changes in laws and policies that govern foreign investment, as well as changes in United
States laws and regulations relating to foreign trade and investment, including NAFTA and the USMCA. 

We cannot assure you
that we would be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer. 

Our officers
and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we
may seek to acquire. 

We may consummate a
business combination with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. We cannot assure you that our officers
and directors will have enough experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry
to make an informed decision regarding a business combination. 

Because of the
costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, our results of operations may be negatively impacted.

Managing a business,
operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad
or in the U.S.) may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules,
legal regimes and labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in
managing cross-border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business)
and may negatively impact our financial and operational performance. 

If our management
following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources
becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial
business combination, our management team may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management
team of the target business at the time of the business combination will likely remain in place. Management of the target business
may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend
time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory
issues, which may adversely affect our operations. 

If we effect
a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates
will likely govern many of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

If we effect a business
combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates will likely
govern many of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able to
enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the
enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States.
The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business,
business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that
substantially all of our assets would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside
outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights
against or to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated
upon civil liabilities against our directors and officers under federal securities laws. 

21 

We may re-incorporate
in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction will likely govern
all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with
our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the British Virgin Islands to Mexico
or another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction would likely govern all of our material agreements.
The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation
as in the United States or the British Virgin Islands. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements
could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Any such reincorporation may subject us to foreign
regulations that could materially and adversely affect our business. 

After our initial
business combination, it is likely that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of
our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or
their other legal rights. 

It is likely that after
our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of
our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases impossible, for investors
in the United States to enforce their legal rights against or to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities under United States laws. 

There may be
tax consequences to our business combinations that may adversely affect us. 

While we expect to
undertake any merger or acquisition so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such business combination
might not meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment
upon a transfer of shares or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial taxes. 

Risks Associated with the Proposed Business
Combination 

References to Betterware 
in this section refer to Betterware de M xico, S.A. de C.V., and references to the combined company in this
section refer to us and Betterware together after completion of the proposed Business Combination. Shareholders should review closely
the risk factors included in the proxy statement/prospectus that will be a part of the Registration Statement on Form F-4 that
is expected to be filed with the SEC in connection with the special meeting of shareholders to approve the Business Combination
Agreement and the proposed Business Combination. 

Subsequent to
the consummation of the proposed Business Combination, the combined company may be required to take write-downs or write-offs,
restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on the combined company s financial
condition, results of operations and share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Although we have conducted
due diligence on Betterware, we cannot assure you that this diligence revealed all material issues that may be present in Betterware s
business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence or that factors
outside of our and Betterware s control will not later arise. As a result, the combined company may be forced to later write-down
or write-off assets, restructure its operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in the combined company
reporting losses. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on the combined company s
liquidity, the fact that the combined company reports charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about
the combined company or its securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause the combined company to violate net worth
or other covenants to which it may be subject or to be unable to obtain future financing on favorable terms or at all. 

There can be
no assurance that the combined company s securities will be approved for listing on Nasdaq following the closing of the proposed
business combination or that the combined company will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. 

In connection with
the closing of the proposed Business Combination, it is anticipated that the combined company s securities will be listed
on Nasdaq. The combined company s continued eligibility for listing on Nasdaq may depend on the number of our ordinary shares
that are redeemed. If, after the proposed Business Combination, Nasdaq delists the combined company s securities from trading
on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards, the combined company and its shareholders could face significant material
adverse consequences including: 

22 

a limited
availability of market quotations for the combined company s securities; 

a determination
that the combined company shares are penny stock which will require brokers trading in the combined company shares
to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for
the combined company shares; 

a limited
amount of analyst coverage; and 

a decreased
ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

If the proposed
Business Combination s benefits do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our
securities may decline. 

If the benefits of
the proposed Business Combination do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our securities
prior to the closing of the proposed Business Combination may decline. The market values of our securities at the time of the proposed
Business Combination may vary significantly from their prices on the date the Business Combination Agreement was executed, the
date of any proxy statement or registration statement, or the date on which our shareholders vote on the proposed Business Combination. 

In addition, following
the proposed Business Combination, fluctuations in the price of the combined company s securities could contribute to the
loss of all or part of your investment. Prior to the proposed Business Combination, there has not been a public market for the
Betterware s share capital. Accordingly, the valuation ascribed to Betterware may not be indicative of the price that will
prevail in the trading market following the proposed Business Combination. If an active market for the combined company s
securities develops and continues, the trading price of the combined company s securities following the proposed Business
Combination could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which will be beyond the
combined company s control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in the
combined company s securities and the combined company s securities may trade at prices significantly below the price
you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of the combined company s securities may not recover and may
experience a further decline. 

Factors affecting
the trading price of the combined company s securities may include: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in the combined company s quarterly financial results
or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to it; 

changes in the market s expectations about the combined company s operating results; 

success of competitors; 

the combined company s operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts
or investors in a particular period; 

changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning the combined
company; 

operating and share price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the
combined company; 

the combined company s ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 

changes in laws and regulations affecting the combined company s business; 

the combined company s ability to meet compliance requirements; 

commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving the combined company; 

changes in the combined company s capital structure, such as future issuances of securities
or the incurrence of additional debt; 

23 

the volume of the combined company shares available for public sale; 

any major change in the combined company s board of directors or management; 

sales of substantial amounts of the combined company shares by the combined company s directors,
executive officers or significant shareholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 

general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international
currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 

Broad market and industry
factors may materially harm the market price of the combined company s securities irrespective of the combined company s
operating performance. The stock market in general, and Nasdaq in particular, have experienced price and volume fluctuations that
have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices
and valuations of these stocks, and of the combined company s securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence
in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to the combined company
could depress the combined company s share price regardless of the combined company s business, prospects, financial
conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of the combined company s securities also could adversely
affect the combined company s ability to issue additional securities and the combined company s ability to obtain additional
financing in the future. 

Following the
consummation of the proposed Business Combination, the combined company will incur significant increased expenses and administrative
burdens as a public company, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Following the consummation
of the proposed Business Combination, the combined company will face increased legal, accounting, administrative and other costs
and expenses as a public company that Betterware does not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including the requirements
of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010 and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, the PCAOB and the securities
exchanges, impose additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. Compliance with public company requirements from
which foreign private issuers are not exempt will increase costs and make certain activities more time-consuming. A number of those
requirements will require the combined company to carry out activities Betterware has not done previously. For example, the combined
company will create new board committees and adopt new internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, additional
expenses associated with SEC reporting requirements will be incurred. Furthermore, if any issues in complying with those requirements
are identified (for example, if the auditors identify a material weakness or significant deficiency in the internal control over
financial reporting), the combined company could incur additional costs rectifying those issues, and the existence of those issues
could adversely affect the combined company s reputation or investor perceptions of it. It may also be more expensive to
obtain director and officer liability insurance. Risks associated with the combined company s status as a public company
may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on the board of directors or as executive officers.
The additional reporting and other obligations imposed by these rules and regulations will increase legal and financial compliance
costs and the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. These increased costs will require the combined
company to divert a significant amount of money that could otherwise be used to expand the business and achieve strategic objectives.
Advocacy efforts by shareholders and third parties may also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements,
which could further increase costs. 

The combined
company s failure to timely and effectively implement controls and procedures required by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act that will be applicable to it after the proposed Business Combination is consummated could have a material adverse effect on
its business. 

Betterware is not currently
subject to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. However, following the consummation of the proposed Business Combination, the
combined company will be required to provide management s attestation on internal controls. The standards required for a
public company under Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are significantly more stringent than those required of Betterware
as a privately-held company. Management may not be able to effectively and timely implement controls and procedures that adequately
respond to the increased regulatory compliance and reporting requirements that will be applicable after the proposed Business Combination.
If the combined company is not able to implement the additional requirements of Section 404(a) in a timely manner or with adequate
compliance, it may not be able to assess whether its internal controls over financial reporting are effective, which may subject
it to adverse regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence and the market price of its securities. 

24 

The combined
company will qualify as an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if it takes advantage of certain
exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, which could make the combined company s securities
less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare the combined company s performance to the performance
of other public companies. 

The combined company
will qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act, as modified by the
JOBS Act. As such, the combined company will be eligible for and intends to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies for as long as it continues to be an emerging
growth company, including (i) the exemption from the auditor attestation requirements with respect to internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) the exemptions from say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden
parachute voting requirements and (iii) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports
and proxy statements. The combined company will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the
fiscal year in which the market value of its ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of June 30
of that fiscal year, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which it has total annual gross revenue of 1.07 billion or more during
such fiscal year (as indexed for inflation), (iii) the date on which it has issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt
in the prior three-year period or (iv) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first
sale of our ordinary shares in our initial public offering. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging
growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting standards provided in Section
7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as the combined company is an emerging growth company. An emerging growth company can
therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period and, therefore, the combined company may not be subject to the
same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Investors may find the
combined company shares less attractive because the combined company will rely on these exemptions, which may result in a less
active trading market for the combined company shares and their price may be more volatile. 

Betterware s
management has limited experience in operating a public company. 

Betterware s
executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company. Betterware s management team may
not successfully or effectively manage its transition to a public company following the proposed Business Combination that will
be subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under federal securities laws. Their limited experience
in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that it is
likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities which will result in less time being devoted
to the management and growth of the combined company. Betterware currently may not have a complement of personnel with the appropriate
level of knowledge, experience, and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over financial reporting
required of public companies in the United States and U.S. GAAP. The development and implementation of the standards and controls
necessary for the combined company to achieve the level of accounting standards required of a public company in the United States
may require costs greater than expected. It is possible that the combined company will be required to expand its employee base
and hire additional employees to support its operations as a public company which will increase its operating costs in future periods. 

Our initial shareholders
have agreed to vote in favor of the proposed Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Unlike many other blank
check companies in which the initial shareholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes
cast by the public shareholders in connection with an initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote
their founder shares, private shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering, in favor of the
proposed Business Combination. Our initial shareholders own approximately 22.6 of the outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly,
it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval to complete the proposed Business Combination will be received than would
be the case if our initial shareholders agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by
our public shareholders. 

In connection
with the shareholder vote to approve the proposed Business Combination, we intend to offer each public shareholder the option to
vote in favor of the proposed Business Combination and still seek conversion of his, her or its shares. 

In connection with
the shareholder vote to approve the proposed Business Combination, we intend to offer each public shareholder (but not our sponsor,
officers or directors) the right to redeem his, her or its ordinary shares for cash (subject to the limitations described in our
final prospectus, filed with the SEC on October 12, 2018) regardless of whether such shareholder votes for or against the proposed
Business Combination. This ability to seek redemption of ordinary shares while voting in favor of our proposed Business Combination
may make it more likely that we will consummate the proposed Business Combination. 

25 

In connection
with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require shareholders who wish to
redeem their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for redemption that
may make it more difficult for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. 

In connection with
any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public shareholder will have the right,
regardless of whether he, she or it is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we redeem his,
her or its shares into a pro rata share of the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business
combination. We may require public shareholders who wish to redeem their shares in connection with a proposed business combination
to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically
using the Depository Trust Company s, or DTC s, DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holders option, in each
case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination.
In order to obtain a physical stock certificate, a shareholder s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent
will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that shareholders should generally allot at least two weeks
to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over
the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical stock certificate. While we have been
advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, we cannot assure you of this fact. Accordingly, if
it takes longer than we anticipate for shareholders to deliver their shares, shareholders who wish to redeem may be unable to meet
the deadline for exercising their redemption rights and thus may be unable to redeem their shares. 

If, in connection
with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed business combination, we require public shareholders who wish to redeem
their shares to comply with specific requirements for redemption, such redeeming shareholders may be unable to sell their securities
when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved. 

If we require public
shareholders who wish to redeem their shares to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their
shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System
as described above and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the
tendering public shareholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to redeem their shares in such a circumstance will be unable
to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our
ordinary shares may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other
shareholders that did not seek redemption may be able to sell their securities. 

Our ability to
successfully effect the proposed Business Combination and the combined company s ability to be successful thereafter will
be largely dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, including the key personnel of Betterware, certain of whom are expected
to join the combined company following the proposed Business Combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals
the combined company is expected to engage after the proposed Business Combination, we cannot assure you that any assessment of
these individuals will prove to be correct. 

Our ability to successfully
effect the proposed Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of certain key personnel, including the key personnel of
Betterware. Although we expect certain of such key personnel to remain with the combined company following the proposed Business
Combination, there can be no assurance that they will do so. It is possible that we or Betterware will lose some key personnel,
the loss of which could negatively impact the operations and profitability of the combined company. Furthermore, while we intend
to closely scrutinize any individuals the combined company is expected to engage following the proposed Business Combination, we
cannot assure you that any assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the
requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause the combined company to have to expend time and resources
helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory
issues which may adversely affect the operations of the combined company. 

If, before distributing
the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our
shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by the public shareholders in connection with our liquidation
may be reduced. 

If, before distributing
the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law,
and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our public
shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received
by our public shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

26 

Future issuances
of equity securities may dilute the interests of our shareholders and reduce the price of our securities. 

Any future issuance
of our equity securities could dilute the interests of our then existing shareholders and could substantially decrease the trading
price of our securities. We may issue equity or equity-linked securities in connection with the proposed Business Combination or
in the future, including pursuant to a private investment in public equity, or PIPE, or other offering of equity securities, for
a number of reasons, including to finance our operations and business strategy (including in connection with acquisitions and other
transactions), to adjust our ratio of debt to equity, to satisfy our obligations upon the exercise of then-outstanding options
or other equity-linked securities, if any, or for other reasons. 

An investor may
be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences in the event the IRS were to disagree with the U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the proposed Business Combination to investors. 

The Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act of 2017, or the TCJA, and was signed into law on December 22, 2017. The TCJA changes many of the U.S. corporate and international
tax provisions, and certain of the provisions are unclear. No ruling has been or will be requested from the IRS as to any U.S.
federal income tax consequences of the proposed Business Combination to investors. The IRS may disagree with the combined company s
view of the expected U.S. federal income tax consequences of the proposed Business Combination, and its determination may be upheld
by a court. Any such determination could subject an investor or the combined company to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
that would be different than those described herein. Accordingly, each prospective investor is urged to consult a tax advisor with
respect to the specific tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our securities, including the applicability
and effect of state, local or non-U.S. tax laws, as well as U.S. federal tax laws. 

Because we have
no current plans to pay cash dividends on our ordinary shares for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment
unless you sell your ordinary shares for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

We may retain future
earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the
foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends as a public company in the future will be made at the discretion
of the combined company s board of directors and will depend on, among other things, the combined company s results
of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that the combined company s
board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, the combined company s ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants
of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness it or its subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on
an investment in our ordinary shares unless you sell our ordinary shares for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

If, following
the proposed Business Combination, securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about
the combined company, its business, or its market, or if they change their recommendations regarding the combined company shares
adversely, the price and trading volume of the combined company shares could decline. 

The trading market
for the combined company shares will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish
about the combined company, its business, market or competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never,
publish research on the combined company. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of the combined company, the
price and trading volume of the combined company shares would likely be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts who may cover
the combined company change their recommendation regarding the combined company shares adversely, or provide more favorable relative
recommendations about the combined company s competitors, the price of the combined company shares would likely decline.
If any analyst who may cover the combined company were to cease coverage of the combined company or fail to regularly publish reports
on it, the combined company could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause its share price or trading
volume to decline. 

27 

In connection
with the proposed Business Combination, we intend to re-domicile out of the British Virgin Islands and continue as a company incorporated
under the laws of Mexico. If we effect the redomiciliation in connection with the proposed Business Combination, Mexican law will
likely govern many of the combined company s material agreements and the combined company may not be able to enforce its
legal rights. 

In connection with
the proposed Business Combination, we intend to re-domicile out of the British Virgin Islands and continue as a company incorporated
under the laws of Mexico. If we effect the redomiciliation, Mexican law will likely govern many of the combined company s material
agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in Mexico may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation
as in the United States or the British Virgin Islands. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of the combined company s
future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Any such reincorporation may
subject the combined company to foreign regulations that could materially and adversely affect the combined company s business. 

If we effect
the proposed Business Combination with Betterware, a company located in Mexico, Mexican law will likely govern many of the combined
company s material agreements and the combined company may not be able to enforce its legal rights. 

If we effect the proposed
Business Combination with Betterware, a company located in Mexico, Mexican law will likely govern many of the combined company s
material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the combined company will be able to enforce any of its
material agreements or that remedies will be available in Mexico. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in Mexico
may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy
under any of the combined company s future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities
or capital. 

Economic conditions
and government policies in Mexico and elsewhere may have a material impact on the combined company s operations. 

A deterioration in
Mexico s economic condition, social instability, political unrest or other adverse social developments in Mexico could adversely
affect the combined company s business and financial condition. Those events could also lead to increased volatility in the
foreign exchange and financial markets, thereby affecting the combined company s ability to obtain new financing and service
its debt. 

In the past, Mexico
has experienced several periods of slow or negative economic growth, high inflation, high interest rates, currency devaluation
and other economic problems. These problems may worsen or reemerge, as applicable, in the future and could adversely affect the
combined company s business and ability to service its debt. A deterioration in international financial or economic conditions,
such as a slowdown in growth or recessionary conditions in Mexico s trading partners, including the United States, or the
emergence of a new financial crisis, could have adverse effects on the Mexican economy, the combined company s financial
condition and its ability to service its debt. 

Mexico has experienced
a period of increasing criminal activity, which could affect the combined company s operations. 

In recent years, Mexico
has experienced a period of increasing criminal activity, primarily due to the activities of drug cartels and related criminal
organizations. In response, the Mexican Government has implemented various security measures and has strengthened its military
and police forces aimed at decreasing incidents of theft and other criminal activity. Despite these efforts, criminal activity
continues to exist in Mexico. These activities, their possible escalation and the violence associated with them, in an extreme
case, may have a negative impact on the combined company s financial condition and results of operations. 

Economic and
political developments in Mexico and the United States may adversely affect Mexican economic policy. 

Political events in
Mexico may significantly affect Mexican economic policy and, consequently, the combined company s operations. Presidential
and federal congressional elections in Mexico were held on July 1, 2018. Mr. Andr s Manuel L pez Obrador, a member
of the Movimiento Regeneraci n Nacional (National Regeneration Movement, or Morena), was elected President of Mexico
and took office on December 1, 2018, replacing Mr. Enrique Pe a Nieto, a member of the Partido Revolucionario Institucional
 (Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI). The new President s term will expire on September 30, 2024. The newly-elected
members of the Mexican Congress took office on September 1, 2018. As of the date of this report, the National Regeneration Movement
holds an absolute majority in the Chamber of Deputies. 

The new administration
and the Mexican Congress are discussing a number of reforms that could affect economic conditions in Mexico. Until any reform has
been adopted and implemented, we cannot predict how these policies could impact the combined company s results of operation
and financial position. We cannot provide any assurances that political developments in Mexico will not have an adverse effect
on the Mexican economy and, in turn, the combined company s business, results of operations and financial condition, including
the combined company s ability to repay its debt. 

28 

Economic conditions
in Mexico are highly correlated with economic conditions in the United States due to the physical proximity and the high degree
of economic activity between the two countries generally, including the trade facilitated by NAFTA. As a result, political developments
in the United States, including changes in the administration and governmental policies, can also have an impact on the exchange
rate between the U.S. dollar and the Mexican peso, economic conditions in Mexico and the global capital markets. 

On November 30, 2018,
the presidents of Mexico, the United States and Canada signed the USMCA, which has only been ratified by Mexico. Once ratified
by the legislatures of the three countries, the USMCA would replace NAFTA. As of the date of this report, there is uncertainty
about whether the USMCA will be ratified by the United States and Canada, as well as the timing thereof, and the potential for
further re-negotiation, or even termination, of NAFTA. Any increase of import tariffs resulting from the implementation of the
USMCA or the re-negotiation or termination of NAFTA could make it economically unsustainable for U.S. companies to import certain
products if they are unable to transfer those additional costs onto consumers, which would increase the combined company s
expenses and decrease its revenues, even if domestic and international prices for its products remain constant. Higher tariffs
on products that the combined company may export to the United States could also require the combined company to renegotiate its
contracts or lose business, resulting in a material adverse impact on the combined company s business and results of operations.
In addition, because the Mexican economy is heavily influenced by the U.S. economy, policies that may be adopted by the U.S. government
may adversely affect economic conditions in Mexico. These developments could in turn have an adverse effect on the combined company s
financial condition, results of operations and ability to repay its debt. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

We currently maintain
our principal executive offices at Pedregal 24 piso 4, Colonia Molino del Rey, Delegaci n Miguel Hidalgo, 11040, Mexico
City, Mexico. The cost for this space is included in the 7,500 per-month fee our sponsor began charging us for general and administrative
services commencing on October 11, 2018 pursuant to a letter agreement between us and our sponsor. We believe, based on rents and
fees for similar services in Mexico City that the fee charged by our sponsor is at least as favorable as we could have obtained
from an unaffiliated person. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to
our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

There is no material
litigation, arbitration, governmental proceeding or any other legal proceeding currently pending or known to be contemplated against
us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

29 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our equity securities
trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Each of our units consists of one ordinary share and one warrant and, commencing on October
12, 2018, trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DDMXU. The ordinary shares and warrants underlying
our units began trading separately on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols DDMX and DDMXW, respectively,
on October 23, 2018. 

Holders of Record 

On September 20, 2019,
there were approximately three holders of record of our units, 14 holders of record of our ordinary shares and one holder of record
of our warrants. Such numbers do not include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any
cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business
combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to
a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our
board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors
does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability
to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In July 2018, we issued
1,473,500 founder shares to our sponsor for 25,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately 0.02 per share. In September
2018, our sponsor forfeited 36,000 founder shares, resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares outstanding. In November
2018, our sponsor forfeited 46,250 founder shares following the expiration of the unexercised portion of the over-allotment option
granted to the underwriters in connection with our initial public offering, thereby reducing the number of founder shares held
by the sponsor to 1,391,250. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act. 

On October 11, 2018,
the founder shares were placed into an escrow account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as escrow
agent. Subject to certain limited exceptions, these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until
(x) with respect to 50 of such shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits,
share dividends, reorganizations, and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after
our initial business combination and (y) with respect to the remaining 50 of such shares, one year after the date of our consummation
of an initial business combination. 

Simultaneously with
the consummation of our initial public offering and the closing of the over-allotment option, we consummated private placements
of 225,000 and 14,125 private units, respectively, to our sponsor at a price of 10.00 per private unit, generating total proceeds
of 2,391,250. Such securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. Our sponsor, as purchaser, is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. The private units are identical
to the units sold in our initial public offering except that the private warrants: (i) are not be redeemable by us and (ii) may
be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they are held by our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees.
If the private warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees, the private warrants will
be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial
public offering. Our sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units and underlying securities (except
to certain permitted transferees) until after the completion of our initial business combination. 

30 

In July 2019, our sponsor
transferred all of the outstanding founder shares and 47,825 private units to certain of our directors and officers and their affiliates
(as permitted transferees) at the price originally paid for such securities, and such transferred securities remain subject to
the escrow and transfer restrictions described above. 

Use of Proceeds from our Initial Public Offering 

On October 16, 2018,
we consummated our initial public offering of 5,000,000 units, with each unit consisting of one ordinary share, no par value, and
one warrant, each warrant exercisable to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. Each warrant will
become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination or October 16, 2019 and will
expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
On October 23, 2018, in connection with the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, we
sold an additional 565,000 units. The units in our initial public offering were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating
total gross proceeds of 55,650,000. EarlyBirdCapital acted as the sole book-running manager and I-Bankers Securities, Inc. acted
as co-manager of our initial public offering. The securities sold in our initial public offering were registered under the Securities
Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227423). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on October
11, 2018. 

We paid a total of
 1,391,250 in underwriting discounts and commissions and 548,670 for other costs and expenses related to our initial public offering.
After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and the offering expenses, the total net proceeds from our initial public
offering, including the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, and the private placements was 56,101,330, of which 55,650,000 (or 10.00 per unit sold in our initial public offering) was placed in the trust account. There
has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering as described
in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on October 12, 2018. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

We are a blank check
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on July 23, 2018 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities. 

In July 2018, we issued
1,473,500 founder shares to our sponsor for 25,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately 0.02 per share. In September
2018, our sponsor forfeited 36,000 founder shares, resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares outstanding. In November
2018, our sponsor forfeited 46,250 founder shares following the expiration of the unexercised portion of the over-allotment option
granted to the underwriters in connection with our initial public offering, thereby reducing the number of founder shares held
by the sponsor to 1,391,250. 

The registration statement
on Form S-1 (File No. 333-227423) for our initial public offering was declared effective by the SEC on October 11, 2018. On October
16, 2018, we consummated our initial public offering of 5,000,000 units, with each unit consisting of one ordinary share, no par
value, and one warrant, each warrant exercisable to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. On October
23, 2018, the underwriters for our initial public offering purchased an additional 565,000 units pursuant to the partial exercise
of their over-allotment option. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of
 55,650,000. 

Simultaneously with
the consummation of our initial public offering and the closing of the over-allotment option, we consummated private placements
of 225,000 and 14,125 private units, respectively, to our sponsor at a price of 10.00 per private unit, generating total proceeds
of 2,391,250. 

A total of 55,650,000
(or 10.00 per unit sold in our initial public offering) of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the private placements
was placed in the trust account, and has been invested only in U.S. government securities within the meaning of Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations,
until the earlier of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the distribution of the trust account, as
described below, except that interest earned on the trust account can be released to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution
or liquidation expenses up to 50,000, as applicable. 

31 

Transaction costs amounted
to 1,939,920, consisting of 1,391,250 of underwriting fees, and 548,670 of other costs. As of June 30, 2019, we had 175,830
in our operating bank accounts, 56,588,390 in securities held in the trust account to be used for a business combination or to
repurchase or redeem our ordinary shares in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of 235,000. 

Our units began trading
on October 12, 2018 on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DDMXU. Commencing on October 23, 2018, the ordinary
shares and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols DDMX 
and DDMXW, respectively. Those units not separated continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
 DDMXU. 

In July 2019, our sponsor
transferred all of the outstanding founder shares and 47,825 private units to certain of our directors and officers and their affiliates
(as permitted transferees) at the price originally paid for such securities, and such transferred securities remain subject to
the escrow and transfer restrictions described elsewhere in this report. 

We intend to utilize
cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering, our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt,
in effecting a business combination. 

The issuance of additional
ordinary or preferred shares: 

may significantly reduce the equity interest of our shareholders; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if we issue preferred shares with rights
senior to those afforded to our ordinary shares; 

will likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares are issued,
which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and most likely will also
result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Similarly, if
we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant indebtedness, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are
insufficient to pay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and
interest payments when due if the debt security contains covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or
reserves and we breach any such covenant without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable
on demand; and 

our inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants
restricting our ability to obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding. 

We have until April
16, 2020 to consummate an initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within such
time period, we will redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further
described herein, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. We expect the pro rata redemption price to be approximately 10.00 per
public share, without taking into account any interest earned on such funds. However, we cannot assure you that we will in fact
be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public shareholders. 

We expect to continue
to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business
combination will be successful. 

32 

Recent Developments 

On August 2, 2019,
we entered into the Business Combination Agreement with the Sellers, Betterware, BLSM and, solely for the purposes of Article XI
therein, our sponsor, pursuant to which we agreed to merge with and into Betterware with Betterware surviving the Merger and BLSM
becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the combined company. The Business Combination Agreement provides that we will purchase certain
shares from the Sellers and thereafter consummate the Merger. At the effective time of the Merger, (i) we will pay to the Sellers
the amount, if any, by which the amount in the trust account as of the closing of the Business Combination exceeds 25,000,000
up to a maximum of 30,000,000, (ii) all of the Betterware shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time
of the Merger will be canceled and to the extent the Sellers receive 30,000,000 in cash consideration from the trust account,
the Sellers will be entitled to receive 28,700,000 combined company shares or if the Sellers receive less than 30,000,000 in cash
consideration, the Sellers will be entitled to receive the number of combined company shares equal to the combined valuation of
Betterware and BLSM (as calculated pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement) less the cash consideration amount received
by the Sellers, divided by 10.00; provided, however, that a portion of such combined company shares will be held in trust to secure
debt obligations of the combined company, and (iii) all of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
effective time of the Merger will be canceled and exchanged for combined company shares on a one-for-one basis. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither
engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception to June 30, 2019 were
organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our initial public offering, described below, and identifying a
target company for a business combination and activities in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Betterware. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of
our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities
held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing a business
combination. We are also incurring expenses in connection with our proposed Business Combination with Betterware. 

For the period
from July 23, 2018 (inception) through June 30, 2019, we had net income of 226,960 which consists of interest income on
marketable securities held in the trust account of 928,015 and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the trust
account of 10,375, offset by operating costs of 711,430. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On October 16, 2018,
we consummated our initial public offering of 5,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000.
Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 225,000 private units to our sponsor
at a price of 10.00 per private unit, generating gross proceeds of 2,250,000. 

On October 23, 2018,
in connection with the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, we consummated the sale
of an additional 565,000 units and the sale of an additional 14,125 private units, generating total gross proceeds of 5,791,250. 

Following our initial
public offering (including the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) and the sale of the private units,
a total of 55,650,000 was placed in the trust account, and we had 638,806 of cash held outside of the trust account, after payment
of costs related to our initial public offering, and available for working capital purposes. We incurred 1,939,920 in transaction
costs, including 1,391,250 of underwriting fees and 548,670 of other costs. 

As of June 30, 2019,
we had marketable securities held in the trust account of 56,588,390 (including approximately 938,000 of interest income and
unrealized gains) consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the
trust account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through June 30, 2019, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the trust account. 

For the period from
July 23, 2018 (inception) through June 30, 2019, cash used in operating activities was 300,600. Net income of 226,960 was affected
by interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 928,015, an unrealized gain on marketable securities
held in the trust account of 10,375 and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which provided 491,663 of cash in operating
activities. 

33 

We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the trust account to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent
that our share capital is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a business combination, the remaining proceeds held
in the trust account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of
the target business. 

We intend to use the
funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate prospective acquisition candidates, perform business due
diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses,
review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, select the target business to acquire and
structure, negotiate and consummate a business combination. 

In order to fund working
capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor
or our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the trust account would be used for such
repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, at the option of the lender.
The units would be identical to the private units. 

We
have principally financed our operations from inception using proceeds from the sale of our equity securities to our
shareholders prior to our initial public offering and such amount of proceeds from our initial public offering that were
placed in an account outside of the trust account for working capital purposes. As of June 30, 2019, we had 175,830 in our
operating bank accounts, 56,588,390 in securities held in the trust account to be used for a business combination or to
repurchase or redeem our ordinary shares in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of 235,000. In August 2019,
DD3 Capital, an affiliate of our sponsor, committed to provide us an aggregate of 50,000 in loans. The loans will be
evidenced by notes and would either be repaid upon the consummation of a business combination or up to 1,500,000 of the
notes may be converted into units that would be identical to the private units. In addition, one of our service providers has agreed to defer the payment of fees owed to
them until the consummation of a business combination, which amounted to approximately 470,000 as of June 30, 2019. Based on
the foregoing, we believe we will have sufficient cash to meet our needs through the earlier of the consummation of a
business combination or April 16, 2020, the date that we will be required to cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, if a business combination is not consummated. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations,
assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of June 30, 2019. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities,
which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any
off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any
long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities,
other than an agreement to pay our sponsor a monthly fee of 7,500 for certain general and administrative services, including office
space, utilities and administrative support. We began incurring these fees on October 11, 2018 and will continue to incur these
fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported.
Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

34 

Ordinary shares subject to redemption 

We account for ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are
measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that
are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within
our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity.
Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption
value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the balance sheet. 

Net loss per ordinary share 

We apply the two-class method in calculating
earnings per share. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption which are not currently redeemable and are not redeemable at
fair value, have been excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate
in their pro rata share of the trust account earnings. Our net income is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable
to ordinary shares subject to redemption, as these shares only participate in the earnings of the trust account and not our income
or losses. 

Recent accounting pronouncements 

Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk 

As of June 30, 2019,
we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our initial public offering, the net proceeds
of our initial public offering, including amounts in the trust account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes
or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the
short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item
15 of this report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls
and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

We do not expect that
our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure
controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected
all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly
on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving
its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

35 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

As required by
Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2019. Based upon their
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the
most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report
on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the
SEC for newly public companies. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

Not applicable. 

36 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our current directors
and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Dr. Mart n M. Werner 
 56 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Jorge Combe 
 41 
 Director and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Daniel Salim 
 27 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Dr. Guillermo Ortiz 
 71 
 Director 
 
 Mauricio Espinosa 
 34 
 Director 
 
 Alan Smithers 
 56 
 Director 
 
 Pedro Sol s C mara 
 59 
 Director 

Dr. Mart n
M. Werner , who has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since inception, is a founding partner of
DD3 Capital. Prior to founding DD3 Capital in 2016, Dr. Werner worked at Goldman Sachs for 16 years (2000 2016)
becoming a Managing Director in 2000 and a Partner in 2006. He was co-head of the Investment Banking Division for Latin America
and the country head of the Mexico office. Dr. Werner continues to serve as the Chairman of the board of directors of Red
de Carreteras de Occidente (RCO), which is one of Mexico s largest private concessionaires and operates more than 760 kilometers
of toll roads and is owned by Goldman Sachs Infrastructure Partners. Prior to his time with Goldman Sachs, Dr. Werner served
in the Mexican Treasury Department as the General Director of Public Credit from 1995 to 1997, and as Deputy Minister from 1997
to 1999. Among his numerous activities, he was in charge of restructuring Mexico s Public debt during the financial crisis
of 1994 and 1995. Dr. Werner is the second largest investor of Banca Mifel, a leading mid-market Mexican bank with 3.3 billion
in assets and a credit portfolio of 2.0 billion; he is also member of the Board of Directors of Grupo Comercial Chedraui,
a leading supermarket chain in Mexico and the United States; the Board of Directors of Grupo Aeroportuario Centro Norte, one of
Mexico s largest airport operators; and he is a member of Yale University s School of Management Advisory Board. Dr. Werner
holds a bachelor degree in economics from Instituto Tecnologico Autonomo de Mexico (ITAM) and a Ph.D. in economics from Yale University. 

Jorge Combe ,
who has served as our Chief Operating Officer since inception and as a director since October 2018, is a founding partner of DD3
Capital. He was a former Managing Director in the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs in Mexico City from 2010 to 2017.
While at Goldman Sachs, Mr. Combe covered companies across the Latin American region and lead several initial equity offerings,
mergers and acquisitions, structured financing notes and debt offerings transactions in the Mexican and Latin American markets.
Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Mr. Combe was a vice president in the investment banking division in Merrill Lynch from 2009
to 2010. He had also worked at GP Investimentos from 2008 to 2009, one of the leading Brazilian private equity firms, where Mr. Combe
was part of the founding investment team and analyzed multiple investment opportunities as well as supervising the portfolio company,
Fogo de Chao. Prior to GP Investimentos, Mr. Combe worked for Credit Suisse as an associate in the equity capital markets
group where he was involved in over 20 equity offerings for Latin American companies. Mr. Combe began his career at Banco
Banorte as floor equity trader, where he held various positions in Mexico and New York. Mr. Combe is a member of the Board
of Directors in Quiero Casa, a leading real estate residential developer in Mexico; and has earned an MBA from the Wharton Business
School at the University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Science in economics from Instituto Tecnologico Autonomo de Mexico (ITAM). 

Daniel Salim ,
who has served as our Chief Financial Officer since inception, has been the member of the DD3 Capital team in charge of analyzing
the deal flow and execution of mergers and acquisitions, equity raising, advisory and debt raising since 2017. From 2015 to 2017,
Mr. Salim worked for Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi in their Latin America Corporate Investment Banking Group, where he evaluated
project finance and acquisition opportunities involving Mexican blue-chip and state-owned companies, across the Americas, in the
renewable energy, petrochemicals and oil and gas sectors. From 2013 to 2015, he served as an analyst at HR Ratings, a local rating
agency covering medium and large companies in the retail, real state, consumer, manufacturing and entertainment industries. Mr. Salim
received a Bachelor in Finance and Accounting from Universidad Anahuac Norte and is currently a chartered financial analyst candidate. 

37 

Dr. Guillermo
Ortiz , who has served on our board of directors as an independent director since October 2018, has served as Chairman of BTG
Pactual Latin America ex-Brazil, a leading Brazilian financial services company with operations throughout Latin America, the U.S.
and Europe, since 2015. Prior to joining BTG, from 2010 to 2015, he was Chairman of the Board of Grupo Financiero Banorte-Ixe,
the largest independent Mexican financial institution. Dr. Ortiz also served two consecutive six-year terms as Governor of
Mexico s Central Bank from 1998 to 2009. From 1994 to 1997, Dr. Ortiz served as Secretary of Finance and Public Credit
in the Mexican Federal Government where he guided Mexico through the Tequila crisis and contributed to the stabilization
of the Mexican economy, helping return the nation to growth in 1996. He has served on the Board of Directors of the International
Monetary Fund, the World Bank and the Interamerican Development Bank. Dr. Ortiz is Chairman of the Pe Jacobsson Foundation,
a member of Group of Thirty, Board of Directors of the Center for Financial Stability, Board of Directors of the Globalization
and Monetary Policy Institute, Board of Directors in the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and Board of Directors of China s
International Finance Forum. He is also an Officer of Zurich Insurance Group Ltd. and a Member of the Board of Directors of Wetherford
International, a leading company in the oil and equipment industry, as well as of a number of Mexican companies, including Aeropuertos
del Sureste, one of Mexico s largest airport operators, Mexichem, a global leading petrochemical group, and Vitro, a leading
glass manufacturer company in Mexico. Dr. Ortiz is also a member of the Quality of Life Advisory Board of the Government of
Mexico City. Dr. Ortiz holds a bachelor s degree in economics from Universidad Nacional Aut noma de M xico
(UNAM), a master s degree and a Ph.D. in economics from Stanford University. 

Mauricio Espinosa ,
who has served on our board of directors as an independent director since October 2018, is a founding partner of Kue Capital, a
family office headquartered in Mexico City and formed in 2016 that is focused on asset management and direct private equity. He
is responsible for deal flow origination and execution of investments in the real estate, food, energy, assisted living and search
funds sectors. Prior to founding Kue Capital, Mr. Espinosa worked at Grupo Rimsa from 2010 to 2017. Grupo Rimsa is a leading
pharmaceutical manufacturing and distribution company in Mexico, with intellectual property, assets and pharmaceutical patents
in Latin America and Europe. Mr. Espinosa served in several different roles at Grupo Rimsa, including, M A Director, Business
Development Director and Strategic Planning Manager. Mr. Espinosa led the management and coordination of the sale of Grupo
Rimsa to Teva Pharmaceuticals. Additionally, Mr. Espinosa is a member of the following: the Board of Directors of Across,
a Mexican private jet company; the Board of Directors of Banorte, the largest independent Mexican financial institution; the Board
of Directors of Fondo Reciclaje Urbano, a Real Estate fund and is also the founder and a member of the Board of Directors of Plan Maestro
NFP, an association focused on educating Mexican children, which has over 175,000 affiliates. Mr. Espinosa holds a bachelor s
degree in industrial engineering from Universidad Iberoamericana de Mexico. 

Alan Smithers ,
who has served on our board of directors as an independent director since October 2018, has been the chief executive officer and
chairman of Investigaci n Farmac utica, S.A. de C.V. (IFA Celtics), a Mexican pharmaceutical company with more than
50 years of experience focused on providing therapeutic alternatives to different conditions, since 2011. From 1996 to 2011,
Mr. Smithers was a founding partner of Columbus de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., an asset management company with more than MX 13 billion
in assets under management. From 1991 to 1995, Mr. Smithers was Director of Capital Markets at Banco Nacional de Mexico S.A.
(currently Citibanamex), where he was member of the placement team of the first instrument in Mexican pesos placed abroad through
an operation named by Latin Finance as the Latin American Bond of the Year in 1993. Mr. Smithers was Director
of Capital Markets at Acciones y Valores de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Casa de Bolsa from 1985 to 1991. Mr. Smithers holds a bachelor s
degree in economics from Instituto Tecnologico Autonomo de Mexico (ITAM). 

Pedro Sol s
C mara , who has served on our board of directors as an independent director since October 2018, is a founding
partner and director of Sol s C mara y Cia, S.C. and Sol s C mara, L pez Guerrero, S.C., which
are tax advisory firms headquartered in Mexico City and formed in 1991. Prior to founding Sol s C mara y Cia, S.C.
and Sol s C mara, L pez Guerrero, S.C., Mr. Sol s C mara worked at Galaz, Carstens, Chavero
y Yamazaki (currently Deloitte) from 1981 to 1986, where he was the head of Grupo SARE s tax department. From 1986 to 1991,
he worked as an independent tax advisor at Sol s C mara, Escobar y Compa ia, S.C. Mr. Sol s C mara
has also worked in the academic field as a part-time professor at Instituto Tecnol gico Aut nomo de Mexico (ITAM)
from 1985 to 2015 and has given numerous conferences on tax issues in panels and events of the most varied nature. From 1995 and
1996, he served as member of the Fiscal Advisory Council on property tax of the Treasury of Distrito Federal, and from 2013 to
2014, he was part of the Training Group of the Tax Administration System (SAT). Mr. Sol s C mara is an active
partner and member of the Fiscal Commission of Colegio de Contadores P blicos de M xico, A.C. Additionally, he is
member of Instituto Mexicano de Contadores P blicos, A.C., of the IFA Grupo Mexico and of the International Fiscal Association.
Currently, Mr. Sol s C mara is an owner advisor for several companies, among which are: Bardahl de Mexico S.A.
de C.V., Grupo Ambrosia, La Era Natural, Don Apoyo, S.A.P.I. de C.V., Grupo Dinero Pr ctico, Grupo Gicsa S.A.B. de C.V.,
Day Asesores, Fibra Plus and Latam Hotel Corporation LTD. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors
is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term.
The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Sol s C mara and Mr. Smithers, will expire
at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Combe and Mr.
Espinosa, will expire at the second annual meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Dr. Werner
and Dr. Ortiz, will expire at the third annual meeting. 

38 

Our officers are appointed
by our board of directors and serve at the discretion of our board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our
board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association as it deems appropriate, including a chairman of the board, a chief executive officer, a president, a chief financial
officer, one or more vice-presidents, secretaries and treasurers and such other officers as may from time to time be considered
necessary or expedient. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors
has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. 

Audit Committee 

Our audit committee
consists of Mr. Sol s C mara (chairman), Dr. Ortiz and Mr. Espinosa, each of whom is an independent director under
Nasdaq s listing standards. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined
that Mr. Sol s C mara qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC
rules because he meets the requirement for past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification
in accounting or comparable experience. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter,
include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending
to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection
with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit
partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the
fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution
of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or
issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding
accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting
policies; and 

approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

39 

Nominating Committee

Our nominating committee
consists of Dr. Ortiz (chairman), Mr. Smithers and Mr. Espinosa, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing
standards. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board
of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers
and others. 

The guidelines for
selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements
in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution
to our board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication
to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The Nominating Committee
will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism
in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on our board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain
skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and
will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating
committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our compensation committee
consists of Dr. Ortiz (chairman), Mr. Sol s C mara and Mr. Smithers, each of whom is an independent director under
Nasdaq s listing standards. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee
Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives
and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement;
and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Code of Ethics and Committee Charters 

We have adopted a Code
of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics, our Audit Committee
Charter, our Nominating Committee Charter and our Compensation Committee Charter as exhibits to our registration statement for
our initial public offering. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web
site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend
to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

40 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

No executive officer
has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on October 11, 2018 through the acquisition of a target
business, we are obligated to pay our sponsor an aggregate fee of 7,500 per month for providing us with office space and
certain office and secretarial services. However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our
executive officers or directors compensation in lieu of a salary. 

Other than the 7,500
per month administrative fee and the repayment of any loans made by our sponsor to us, no compensation or fees of any kind, including
finder s, consulting fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our sponsor, members of our management team or their respective
affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, they will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them
in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence
on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations
of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable
by us. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined
company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a shareholder meeting
held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine
executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination
in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 

41 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of September 20, 2019, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner
of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of our warrants,
as such securities are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report. 

We
have based our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership on 7,223,200 ordinary shares outstanding on September 20,
2019. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of 
Beneficial Ownership 
 Approximate Percentage 
of 
Outstanding 
Ordinary Shares 
 
 Dr. Mart n M. Werner (2) 
 622,100 
 8.6 
 
 Jorge Combe (2) 
 622,100 
 8.6 
 
 Daniel Salim (3) 
 25,000 

Dr. Guillermo Ortiz (3) 
 317,075 
 4.4 
 
 Mauricio Espinosa (3) 
 5,000 

Alan Smithers (3) 
 5,000 

Pedro Sol s C mara (3) 
 5,000 

All directors and executive officers as a group (seven individuals) 
 1,409,975 
 19.5 
 
 The K2 Principal Fund, L.P. (4) 
 420,780 
 5.8 

Less than 1 . 

(1) Unless
otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the persons and entities listed above is Pedregal 24, 4th Floor, Colonia
Molino del Rey, Del. Miguel Hidalgo, 11040 Mexico City, Mexico. 

(2) Includes 191,300 shares held by our sponsor
that are beneficially owned by Dr. Werner, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Combe, our Chief Operating Officer,
each of whom shares voting power with respect to our sponsor. Each of Dr. Werner and Mr. Combe disclaims beneficial ownership of
such securities except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(3) Such individual also has a pecuniary interest
in our ordinary shares through an ownership interest in our sponsor. 

(4) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on September
4, 2019, on behalf of The K2 Principal Fund, L.P., an Ontario limited partnership (the Fund ), Shawn Kimel Investments,
Inc., an Ontario corporation SKI ), K2 Genpar 2017 Inc., an Ontario corporation and the General Partner to the Fund Genpar 2017 ), and K2 Associates Investment Management Inc., an Ontario corporation K2 Associates ).
K2 Associates is a direct 66.5 owned subsidiary of SKI, and is the investment manager of the Fund. Mr. Gosselin is Vice
President of SKI, Secretary of Genpar 2017, and President of K2 Associates, and exercises ultimate voting and investment
powers over the securities that are held of record by the Fund. The business address of this shareholder is 2 Bloor St West, Suite
801, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3E2. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence 

In July 2018, we issued
1,473,500 founder shares to our sponsor for 25,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately 0.02 per share. In September
2018, our sponsor forfeited 36,000 founder shares, resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares outstanding. In November
2018, our sponsor forfeited 46,250 founder shares following the expiration of the unexercised portion of the over-allotment option
granted to the underwriters in connection with our initial public offering, thereby reducing the number of founder shares held
by the sponsor to 1,391,250. 

On October 11, 2018,
the founder shares were placed into an escrow account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as escrow
agent. Subject to certain limited exceptions, these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until
(x) with respect to 50 of such shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits,
share dividends, reorganizations, and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after
our initial business combination and (y) with respect to the remaining 50 of such shares, one year after the date of our consummation
of an initial business combination. 

42 

On October 16, 2018, our sponsor advance funded 187,500 to the trust account in anticipation of the additional amount it
intended to pay for additional private units upon the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option. In connection
with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option on October 23, 2018, we applied 141,250 of the
advance payment made by our sponsor already deposited into the trust account and returned the balance of 46,250 to our sponsor. 

Simultaneously with
the consummation of our initial public offering and the closing of the over-allotment option, we consummated private placements
of 225,000 and 14,125 private units, respectively, to our sponsor at a price of 10.00 per private unit, generating total proceeds
of 2,391,250. A total of 55,650,000 (or 10.00 per unit sold in our initial public offering) of the net proceeds from our initial
public offering and the private placements was placed in the trust account, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as trustee. The private units are identical to the units sold in our initial public offering except that the private warrants:
(i) are not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they are held
by our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees. If the private warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or any of
its permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the
warrants included in the units sold in our initial public offering. Our sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the
private units and underlying securities (except to certain permitted transferees) until after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

In July 2019, our sponsor
transferred all of the outstanding founder shares and 47,825 private units to certain of our directors and officers and their affiliates
(as permitted transferees) at the price originally paid for such securities, and such transferred securities remain subject to
the escrow and transfer restrictions described above. 

In order to meet our
working capital needs, our sponsor, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from
time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by
a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or,
at holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units at a price of 10.00 per unit. The
units would be identical to the private units. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a
portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the trust account
would be used for such repayment. 

The holders of our
founder shares as well as the holders of the private units and any units our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may
be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), are entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on October 11, 2018. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled
to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founder shares can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released
from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units and units issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (or
underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed
subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements. 

Our sponsor loaned
us an aggregate of 133,575 in connection with the expenses of our initial public offering, pursuant to the terms of a promissory
note. We fully repaid the loans from our sponsor on October 17, 2018. In August 2019, DD3 Capital, an affiliate of our sponsor,
committed to provide us an aggregate of 50,000 in loans. The loans will be evidenced by notes and would either be repaid upon
the consummation of a business combination or up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units that would be identical to the private units. 

Our sponsor has agreed
that, commencing on October 11, 2018 through the earlier of our consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation,
it will make available to us certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative
support, as we may require from time to time. We have agreed to pay our sponsor 7,500 per month for these services. We believe,
based on rents and fees for similar services in the Mexico City metropolitan area, that the fee charged by our sponsor is at least
as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. 

Other than the 7,500
per month administrative fee, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s, consulting fees and other similar
fees, will be paid to our sponsor, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to
or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).
However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities
on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses
and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses
to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. 

43 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined
company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a shareholder meeting
held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine
executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination
in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 

All ongoing and future
transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to
be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by
a majority of our uninterested independent directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the
transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into
any such transaction unless our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction
are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third
parties. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics
requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests,
except under guidelines approved by our board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as
transactions in which (i) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (ii) we
or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (iii) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as
a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our ordinary shares, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons
referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result
of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person
takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of
interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or
her position. 

Our audit committee,
pursuant to our Audit Committee Charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent
we enter into such transactions. The audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related
party transaction, including whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available
from an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party s interest in
the transaction. No director may participate in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party, but that director
is required to provide the audit committee with all material information concerning the transaction. We also require each of our
directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about
related party transactions. 

These procedures are
intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict
of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize
conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with
any of our sponsor, officers or directors including (i) an entity that is either a portfolio company of, or has otherwise
received a material financial investment from, any private equity fund or investment company (or an affiliate thereof) that is
affiliated with any of the foregoing, (ii) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently passive
investors, (iii) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently officers or directors, or (iv) an
entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently invested through an investment vehicle controlled by them,
unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders
valuation opinions, and the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors that the business combination is
fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as
a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which,
in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Dr. Ortiz and Messrs. Espinosa,
Smithers and Sol s C mara are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. 

44 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum
LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees .
Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services
that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q
for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the period from July 23, 2018 (inception) through June 30,
2019 totaled 82,240. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include
attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting
standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards during the period from
July 23, 2018 (inception) through June 30, 2019. 

Tax Fees .
We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended June 30, 2019. 

All Other Fees .
We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended June 30, 2019. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee
was formed in connection with the effectiveness of our registration statement for our initial public offering. As a result, the
audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our
audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis,
the audit committee has and will pre-approve all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our
auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in
the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

45 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

The following documents
are filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(3) Exhibits: Exhibits not incorporated by reference to a prior
filing are designated by an asterisk ) and are filed herewith; all exhibits not so designated are incorporated by reference
to a prior SEC filing as indicated. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 (1) 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated October 11, 2018, between the Registrant and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 1.2 (1) 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated October 11, 2018, between the Registrant and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 2.1 (2) 
 
 Combination and Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Campalier, S.A. de C.V., Promotora Forteza, S.A. de C.V., Strevo, S.A. de C.V., Betterware de M xico, S.A. de C.V., BLSM Latino Am rica Servicios, S.A. de C.V., and, solely for the purposes of Article XI, the Registrant s sponsor. 
 
 2.2 (2) 
 
 Form of Merger Agreement. 
 
 3.1 (1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 
 
 4.1 (3) 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. 
 
 4.2 (3) 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate. 
 
 4.3 (3) 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. 
 
 4.4 (1) 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated October 11, 2018, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant. 
 
 10.1 (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated October 11, 2018, from each of the Registrant s sponsor, officers and directors. 
 
 10.2 (1) 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 11, 2018, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 10.3 (1) 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated October 11, 2018, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant s sponsor. 
 
 10.4 (1) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 11, 2018, between the Registrant and the Registrant s sponsor. 
 
 10.5 (1) 
 
 Subscription Agreement for private units, dated October 11, 2018, between the Registrant and the Registrant s sponsor. 
 
 10.6 (1) 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated October 11, 2018, between the Registrant and the Registrant s sponsor. 
 
 10.7 (1) 
 
 Form of Unit Purchase Option. 
 
 10.8 (3) 
 
 Promissory Note, dated July 27, 2018, issued to the Registrant s sponsor. 
 
 14 (3) 
 
 Code of Ethics. 
 
 24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page). 
 
 99.1 (3) 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. 

46 

99.2 (3) 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. 
 
 99.3 (3) 
 
 Nominating Committee Charter. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) information
is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities
Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise
is not subject to liability under these sections. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 16, 2018. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2019. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s
Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on September 28, 2018. 

47 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheet 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-14 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

 DD3 Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the
accompanying balance sheet of DD3 Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of June 30, 2019, the related statements of
operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for the period from July 23, 2018 (inception) through June 30,
2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2019, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the period from July 23, 2018 (inception) through June 30, 2019, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such
opinion. 

Our audit included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

New York, NY 

September 20, 2019 

F- 2 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEET 

 JUNE 30, 2019 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 
 175,830 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 80,833 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 256,663 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 56,588,390 
 
 Total Assets 
 56,845,053 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 491,663 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 491,663 

Commitments 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 5,050,181 shares at redemption value 
 51,353,389 

Shareholders Equity 

Preferred shares, no par value; unlimited shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Ordinary shares, no par value; unlimited shares authorized; 2,173,019 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 5,050,181 shares subject to possible redemption) 
 4,773,041 
 
 Retained earnings 
 226,960 
 
 Total Shareholders Equity 
 5,000,001 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 56,845,053 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM JULY 23, 2018 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH JUNE 30, 2019 

Operating costs 
 711,430 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (711,430 

Other income: 

Interest income 
 928,015 
 
 Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the Trust Account 
 10,375 
 
 Other income 
 938,390 

Net Income 
 226,960 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 
 1,889,222 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share (2) 
 (0.33 

(1) 
 Excludes an aggregate of up to 5,050,181 shares subject to possible redemption 

(2) 
 Excludes interest income of 851,589 attributable to shares subject to possible redemption for the period from July 23, 2018 (inception) through June 30, 2019 (see Note 2). 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM JULY 23, 2018 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH JUNE 30, 2019 

Ordinary Shares 
 Retained 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Earnings 
 Equity 
 
 Balance July 23, 2018 (inception) 

Issuance of Founder Shares to Sponsor 
 1,473,500 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 

Sale of 5,565,000 Units, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs 
 5,565,000 
 53,685,080 

53,685,080 

Sale of 239,125 Private Units 
 239,125 
 2,391,250 
 
 2,391,250 

Issuance of 27,825 Representative Shares 
 27,825 

Sale of Unit Purchase Option 
 
 100 
 
 100 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 
 (82,250 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 (5,050,181 
 (51,328,389 
 
 (51,328,389 

Net income 

226,960 

226,960 

Balance June 30, 2019 
 2,173,019 
 4,773,041 
 226,960 
 5,000,001 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM JULY 23, 2018 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH JUNE 30, 2019 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 
 226,960 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 (10,375 
 
 Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 (928,015 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 (80,833 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 491,663 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (300,600 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 
 (55,650,000 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (55,650,000 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Founder Shares to Sponsor 
 25,000 
 
 Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 
 54,258,750 
 
 Proceeds from sale of Private Units 
 2,391,250 
 
 Proceeds from Unit Purchase Option 
 100 
 
 Advances from related party 
 232,500 
 
 Repayment of advances from related party 
 (232,500 
 
 Proceeds from promissory note related party 
 145,435 
 
 Repayment of promissory note related party 
 (145,435 
 
 Payment of offering costs 
 (548,670 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 56,126,430 

Net Change in Cash 
 175,830 
 
 Cash Beginning July 23, 2018 (inception) 

Cash Ending 
 175,830 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 51,122,870 
 
 Change in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 230,519 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2019 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS 

DD3 Acquisition Corp.
(the Company is a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on July 23, 2018. The Company
was formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities Business Combination ). Although the
Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company
intends to focus on businesses that have their primary operations located in Mexico or Hispanic businesses in the United States. 

At June 30, 2019,
the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity through June 30, 2019 relates to the Company s formation,
its initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which is described below, identifying a target company for
a Business Combination and activities in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Betterware de M xico, S.A.
de C.V., a Mexican sociedad an nima de capital variable Betterware (see Note 9). 

The registration statement
for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on October 11, 2018. On October 16, 2018, the Company consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 5,000,000 units Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units
sold, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000, which is described in Note
3. 

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 225,000 units (the Private Units at a price of 10.00 per unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, DD3 Mex Acquisition Corp (the Sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of 2,250,000, which is described in Note 4. 

Following the closing
of the Initial Public Offering on October 16, 2018, an amount of 50,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale
of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account ).
In addition, an advance payment of 187,500 was also placed in the Trust Account (see below). The net proceeds placed in the Trust
Account have been invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less, or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined
by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the
Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 

On October 23, 2018,
in connection with the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, the Company sold an additional
565,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 5,650,000. In addition, in connection with the underwriters 
partial exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company also consummated the sale of an additional 14,125 Private Units at
 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 141,250, of which the Company applied 141,250 of the advance payment
made by the Sponsor already deposited into the Trust Account towards this transaction and returned the balance of 46,250 to the
Sponsor. Following such closing, an additional 5,508,750 of net proceeds was deposited in the Trust Account, resulting in 55,650,000 10.00 per Unit) held in the Trust Account. 

Transaction costs
relating to the Initial Public Offering amounted to 1,939,920, consisting of 1,391,250 of underwriting fees and 548,670 of offering
costs. In addition, as of June 30, 2019, 175,830 of cash was held outside of the Trust Account and is available for working capital
purposes. 

The Company s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and
sale of the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. The Company s initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together
have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on income earned on
the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete
a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect
a Business Combination. 

The Company will provide
its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination
either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer.
The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will
be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion
of the amount then in the Trust Account 10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion
of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 

F- 7 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2019 

In connection with
a proposed Business Combination, the Company may seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such
purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination.
The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such
consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted
are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a
shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Memorandum and Articles of Association,
offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file
tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior
to completing a Business Combination. 

The Sponsor has agreed
(a) to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), the ordinary shares included in the Private Units (the Private Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose
an amendment to the Company s Memorandum and Articles of Association that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides
the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares in conjunction with any such amendment; (c) not to redeem any
shares (including the Founder Shares) and Private Units (including underlying securities) into the right to receive cash from the
Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or to sell any shares in a tender offer
in connection with a Business Combination if the Company does not seek shareholder approval in connection therewith) and (d) that
the Founder Shares and Private Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination
is not consummated. However, the Sponsor will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any
Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. 

The Company will have
until April 16, 2020 to consummate a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned (net of taxes payable and less interest to pay dissolution expenses up to 50,000), divided by the number of then
outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable
law. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution
will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit 10.00). 

The Sponsor has agreed
that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the
Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the
amounts in the Trust Account to below 10.00 per share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and
all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the
Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the
possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with
the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity 

The Company has
principally financed its operations from inception using proceeds from the sale of its equity securities to its shareholders
prior to the Initial Public Offering and such amount of proceeds from the Initial Public Offering that were placed in an
account outside of the Trust Account for working capital purposes. As of June 30, 2019, the Company had 175,830 in its
operating bank accounts, 56,588,390 in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to
repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and working capital deficit of 235,000. In August 2019, DD3
Capital Partners S.A. de C.V., an affiliate of the Sponsor, committed to provide an aggregate of 50,000 in loans to the
Company. The loans, as well as any future loans that may be made by the Sponsor and/or its affiliates or Company s
officers and directors (or their affiliates), will be evidenced by notes and would either be repaid upon the consummation of
a Business Combination or up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units that would be identical to the Private Units. In addition, one of the Company s
service providers has agreed to defer the payment of fees owed to them until the consummation of a Business Combination,
which amounted to approximately 470,000 as of June 30, 2019. Such fees are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying
balance sheet at June 30, 2019. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes it will have sufficient cash to meet its needs
through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or April 16, 2020, the date that the Company will be
required to cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, if a Business Combination is not consummated. 

F- 8 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2019 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES 

Basis of presentation 

The accompanying financial
statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Emerging growth company 

The Company is an
 emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to,
not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) are required to comply with the new
or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition
period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable.
The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised
and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the
new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. 

Use of estimates 

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 

Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition,
situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. 

Cash and cash equivalents 

The Company considers
all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company
did not have any cash equivalents as of June 30, 2019. 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

At June 30, 2019,
substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in U.S. Treasury Bills. 

F- 9 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2019 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

The Company accounts
for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified
as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that
feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain
events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are
classified as shareholders equity. The Company s ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered
to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
equity section of the Company s balance sheet. 

Offering costs 

Offering costs consist
of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the
Initial Public Offering. Offering costs amounting to 1,939,920 were charged to shareholders equity upon the completion
of the Initial Public Offering. 

Income taxes 

The Company complies
with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability
approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts,
based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

ASC Topic 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company s management determined that the British Virgin Islands is
the Company s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits,
if any, as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of
June 30, 2019. 

The Company may be
subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations may include
questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with foreign
tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change
over the next twelve months. 

The Company s
tax provision is zero because the Company is organized in the British Virgin Islands with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction.
As such, the Company has no deferred tax assets. The Company is considered to be an exempted British Virgin Islands Company, and
is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the British Virgin Islands or the United States. 

Net loss per ordinary share 

Net loss per ordinary
share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. The Company
applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at June 30, 2019,
which are not currently redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value, have been excluded from the calculation of basic loss
per share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has
not considered the effect of (1) warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and private placement to purchase 5,804,125 ordinary
shares and (2) 250,000 ordinary shares and warrants to purchase 250,000 ordinary shares in the unit purchase option sold to EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. EarlyBirdCapital (and its designees), in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of
the warrants and the exercise of the unit purchase option is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted
loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented. 

F- 10 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2019 

Reconciliation of net loss per ordinary
share 

The Company s
net income is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, as these
shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company. Accordingly, basic and
diluted net loss per ordinary share is calculated as follows: 

For the Period from July 23, 2018 (inception) through June 30, 2019 
 
 Net income 
 226,960 
 
 Less: Income attributable to shares subject to possible redemption 
 (851,589 
 
 Adjusted net loss 
 (624,629 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 1,889,222 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 (0.33 

Concentration of credit risk 

Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution which,
at times may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of 250,000. At June 30, 2019, the Company had not experienced losses
on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Fair value of financial instruments 

The fair value of
the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their
short-term nature. 

Recently issued accounting standards 

Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company s financial statements. 

NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING 

Pursuant to the Initial
Public Offering, the Company sold 5,565,000 Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per Unit, inclusive of 565,000 Units sold to the
underwriters on October 23, 2018 upon the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option. Each
Unit consists of one ordinary share and one warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to
purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (see Note 7). 

NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT 

Simultaneously
with the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 225,000 Private Units at a price of 10.00 per
Private Unit, or 2,250,000 in the aggregate. On October 23, 2018, in connection with the underwriters election to
partially exercise their over-allotment option, the Company sold an additional 14,125 Private Units to the Sponsor,
generating gross proceeds of 141,250. The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering,
except for the private warrants Private Warrants ), as described in Note 7. The Sponsor agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of the Private Units and underlying securities (except to certain permitted transferees) until after the
completion of a Business Combination. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Units were added to the net proceeds from
the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the
Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares
(subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Units and underlying securities will be worthless. 

F- 11 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2019 

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Founder Shares 

In July 2018,
the Company issued an aggregate of 1,473,500 founder shares to the Sponsor (the Founder Shares for an aggregate
purchase price of 25,000 in cash. In September 2018, the Sponsor forfeited 36,000 Founder Shares, resulting in an aggregate of
1,437,500 shares outstanding. The 1,437,500 Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares subject to forfeiture
by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the
Sponsor will collectively own 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming
the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Units, Representative Shares
(as defined in Note 7) and underlying securities). As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their
over-allotment option on October 23, 2018, 141,250 Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The underwriters 
elected not to exercise the remaining portion of the over-allotment option, which expired on November 25, 2018, and, as a result,
46,250 Founder Shares were forfeited. 

The Sponsor has agreed
not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, (1) with respect
to 50 of the Founder Shares, the earlier of (i) one year after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination,
or (ii) the date on which the closing price of the Company s ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as such
amount may be adjusted) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination, and (2) with
respect to the remaining 50 of the Founder Shares, one year after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier,
in each case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other
similar transaction which results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares
for cash, securities or other property. 

Related Party Advances 

On October 16,
2018, the Sponsor advance funded 187,500 to the Trust Account in anticipation of the additional amount they intended to pay
for additional Private Units upon the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option. In connection with the
underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option on October 23, 2018, the Company applied 141,250 of the
advance payment made by the Sponsor already deposited into the Trust Account and returned the balance of 46,250 to the
Sponsor. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On July 27,
2018, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which
the Company could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 150,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and
payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2018 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding
balance of 145,435 on the Promissory Note was repaid in full on October 17, 2018. 

Administrative Services Arrangement 

The Sponsor entered
into an agreement, commencing on October 11, 2018 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination
and its liquidation, to make available to the Company certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities
and administrative services, as the Company may require from time to time. The Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor 7,500 per
month for these services. For the period from July 23, 2018 (inception) through June 30, 2019, the Company incurred 63,750 in
fees for these services, of which 3,750 is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such
Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The Working Capital Loans would either be paid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans
may be converted into units at a price of 10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Units. In the
event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. 

F- 12 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2019 

NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on October 11, 2018, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Units (and their underlying securities)
and any units that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and underlying securities) are entitled to registration
rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that the Company register such securities.
The holders of the majority of the Founder Shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months
prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Units
and units issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these
registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination. The
Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statement. 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

The Company has engaged
EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders
to discuss a potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors
that are interested in purchasing securities, assist the Company in obtaining shareholder approval for the Business Combination
and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with a Business Combination. The Company will pay
EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal to 1,947,750
(exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable). 

NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred Shares 
 The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of no par value preferred shares, divided into five classes, Class
A through Class E, each with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined by a resolution of the Company s
board of directors to amend the Memorandum and Articles of Association to create such designations, rights and preferences. The
Company has five classes of preferred shares to give the Company flexibility as to the terms on which each Class is issued. All
shares of a single class must be issued with the same rights and obligations. Accordingly, starting with five classes of preferred
shares will allow the Company to issue shares at different times on different terms. At June 30, 2019, there are no preferred shares
designated, issued or outstanding. 

Ordinary Shares 
 The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of no par value ordinary shares. Holders of the Company s
ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At June 30, 2019, there were 2,173,019 shares issued and outstanding,
excluding 5,050,181 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

Warrants 
The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination
or (b) October 16, 2019. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration
statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such
ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise
of the Public Warrants is not effective within 90 days following the consummation of a Business Combination, the holders may, until
such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain
an effective registration statement, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will
not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years from the consummation
of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company may call
the warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at any time while the Public Warrants are exercisable, 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder, 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants. 

F- 13 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2019 

If the Company calls
the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants
to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary
dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances
of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle
the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates
the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor
will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants.
Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

The Private Warrants
are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants
and the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until
after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will
be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the
Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

Representative Shares 

Pursuant to the Initial
Public Offering, the Company issued to EarlyBirdCapital (and its designees) 27,825 ordinary shares (the Representative Shares ),
inclusive of the 2,825 ordinary shares issued on October 23, 2018 upon the underwriters election to partially exercise their
over-allotment option, for no consideration. The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an expense of the Initial Public
Offering resulting in a charge directly to shareholders equity. The Company estimated the fair value of Representative Shares
to be 278,250 based upon the offering price of the Units of 10.00 per Unit. EarlyBirdCapital has agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, EarlyBirdCapital (and its designees) has agreed
(i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

Unit Purchase Option 

On October 16, 2018,
the Company sold to EarlyBirdCapital (and its designees), for 100, an option to purchase up to 250,000 units exercisable at 10.00
per unit (or an aggregate exercise price of 2,500,000) commencing on the later of October 11, 2019 and the consummation of a Business
Combination. The unit purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and expires
on October 11, 2023. The units issuable upon exercise of the option are identical to those offered in the Initial Public Offering.
The Company accounted for the unit purchase option, inclusive of the receipt of 100 cash payment, as an expense of the Initial
Public Offering resulting in a charge directly to shareholders equity. The Company estimated the fair value of the unit
purchase option to be approximately 894,000 (or 3.58 per Unit) using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of
the unit purchase option granted to the underwriters was estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1)
expected volatility of 35 , (2) risk-free interest rate of 3.02 and (3) expected life of five years. The option and such units
purchased pursuant to the option, as well as the ordinary shares underlying such units, the warrants included in such units, and
the shares underlying such warrants, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant
to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA s NASDAQ Conduct Rules. The option grants to holders demand and piggy back rights
for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective date of the registration statement with respect to the registration
under the Securities Act of the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option. The Company will bear
all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the
holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units issuable upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances
including in the event of a share dividend, or the Company s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However,
the option will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. 

NOTE 8. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

The Company follows
the guidance in ASC Topic 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each
reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. 

F- 14 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2019 

The fair value of
the Company s financial assets and liabilities reflects management s estimate of amounts that the Company would have
received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities,
the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the
use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following
fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in
order to value the assets and liabilities: 

Level 1: 
 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 

Level 2: 
 Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 

Level 3: 
 Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

The following table
presents information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at June 30, 2019, and
indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 

Description 
 Level 
 June 30, 2019 
 
 Assets: 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 1 
 56,588,390 

NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

The Company evaluated
subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were
issued. Other than as described below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or
disclosure in the financial statements. 

In July 2019,
the Sponsor transferred all of the outstanding Founder Shares and 47,825 Private Units to certain of the Company's directors
and officers and their affiliates (as permitted transferees) at the price originally paid for such securities, and such
transferred securities remain subject to the transfer, voting and other restrictions applicable to the Sponsor described
above (see Notes 4 and 5). 

In August 2019, DD3
Capital Partners S.A. de C.V., an affiliate of the Sponsor, committed to provide an aggregate of 50,000 in loans to the Company.
The loans, as well as any future loans that may be made by the Sponsor and/or its affiliates or Company s officers and directors
(or their affiliates), will be evidenced by notes and would either be repaid upon the consummation of a Business Combination or
up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units that would be identical to the Private Units. 

Business Combination Agreement 

On August 2, 2019,
the Company entered into a Combination and Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Campalier, S.A. de C.V.,
a Mexican sociedad an nima de capital variable Campalier ), Promotora Forteza, S.A. de C.V., a Mexican
 sociedad an nima de capital variable Forteza ), Strevo, S.A. de C.V., a Mexican sociedad an nima
de capital variable Strevo , and together with Campalier and Forteza, Sellers ), Betterware, BLSM
Latino Am rica Servicios, S.A. de C.V., a Mexican sociedad an nima de capital variable BLSM ),
and, solely for the purposes set forth in Article XI of the Agreement, the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to merge
(the Merger with and into Betterware in a Business Combination (the Transaction that will result
in Betterware surviving the Merger (the Surviving Company and BLSM becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Surviving
Company. 

The Agreement provides
that, prior to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement (the Closing ), the Company will redomicile
out of the British Virgin Islands and continue as a Mexican corporation pursuant to Section 184 of the BVI Business Companies Act,
2004, and Article 2 of the Mexican General Corporations Law Ley General de Sociedades Mercantiles ). 

The Agreement provides
that, at the effective time of the Merger pursuant to the Merger Agreement (the Effective Time ): 

(i) The Company will pay to the
Sellers the amount, if any, by which the amount in the Trust Account as of the Closing exceeds 25,000,000 up to a maximum of
 30,000,000; 

F- 15 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2019 

(ii) 
 all of the Betterware shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be canceled and to the extent the Sellers receive 30,000,000 in cash consideration from the Trust Account, the Sellers will be entitled to receive 28,700,000 Surviving Company shares or if the Sellers receive less than 30,000,000 in cash consideration, the Sellers will be entitled to receive the number of Surviving Company shares equal to the combined valuation of Betterware and BLSM (as calculated pursuant to the Agreement) less the cash consideration amount received by the Sellers, divided by 10.00; provided, however, that a portion of such Surviving Company shares will be held in trust to secure debt obligations of the Surviving Company; and 

(iii) 
 all of the Company s ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be canceled and exchanged for Surviving Company shares on a one-for-one basis. 

The Transaction will be consummated subject
to the closing conditions and deliverables as further described in the Agreement. 

F- 16 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

/s/ Mart n Werner 

Name: 
 Mart n Werner 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Daniel Salim 

Name: 
 Daniel Salim 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: September 20, 2019 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY
THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Mart n Werner and Jorge Combe, jointly
and severally, his attorney-in-fact, each with the full power of substitution, for such person, in any and all capacities, to sign
any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power
and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully
to all intents and purposes as he might do or could do in person hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, or his substitute, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Mart n Werner 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 September 20, 2019 
 
 Mart n Werner 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jorge Combe 
 
 Director and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 September 20, 2019 
 
 Jorge Combe 

/s/ Daniel Salim 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 September 20, 2019 
 
 Daniel Salim 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Guillermo Ortiz 
 
 Director 
 
 September 20, 2019 
 
 Guillermo Ortiz 

/s/ Mauricio Espinosa 
 
 Director 
 
 September 20, 2019 
 
 Mauricio Espinosa 

/s/ Alan Smithers 
 
 Director 
 
 September 20, 2019 
 
 Alan Smithers 

/s/ Pedro Sol s C mara 
 
 Director 
 
 September 20, 2019 
 
 Pedro Sol s C mara 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 tv528937_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5 

DD3 ACQUISITION CORP. 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

The following summary
of the material terms of the securities of DD3 Acquisition Corp. we, us, our or the
company is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is subject to and
qualified by reference to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association incorporated by reference as an exhibit
to the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2019 (the Report ), and applicable British
Virgin Islands law. We urge you to read our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association in their entirety for a
complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 

Certain Terms 

In this document,
unless the context otherwise requires: 

references to our sponsor 
refer to DD3 Mex Acquisition Corp, a company affiliated with our executive officers; 

references to founder shares 
refer to our ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering; 

references to initial shareholders 
refer to the holders of the founder shares prior to our initial public offering and their permitted transferees, as applicable; 

references to ordinary shares 
refer to our ordinary shares, no par value; 

references to public shares 
and public warrants refer to our ordinary shares and warrants which were sold as part of the units in our initial
public offering; 

references to public shareholders 
refer to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent they purchase public shares,
provided that their status as public shareholders shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

references to private units 
refer to the units that were sold in private placements in connection with our initial public offering; 

references to private shares 
and private warrants refer to our ordinary shares and warrants which were sold as part of the private units; 

references to management 
or our management team refer to our officers and directors; 

references to EarlyBirdCapital 
refer to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.; and 

references to representative s
shares refer to the ordinary shares issued in connection with our initial public offering to EarlyBirdCapital, as representative
of the several underwriters. 

General 

We are a company incorporated
in the British Virgin Islands as a BVI business company (company number 1987067) for the purpose of entering into a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or
more businesses or entities, which we refer to in this document as our initial business combination, and our affairs are governed
by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004, or the Companies Act,
and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. We are authorized to issue an unlimited number of ordinary shares of no par value
and preferred shares of no par value. The following description summarizes certain terms of our securities as set out more particularly
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information
that is important to you. 

Units 

Each unit consists
of one ordinary share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at 11.50 per share. The
ordinary shares and warrants underlying the units began to trade separately on October 23, 2018, and holders have the option to
continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. 

Ordinary Shares 

As of the date of
the Report, there were 7,223,200 ordinary shares outstanding, consisting of 5,565,000 public shares, 27,825 representative s
shares, 239,125 private shares held by the initial shareholders and 1,391,250 founder shares held by the initial shareholders. 

Under the Companies
Act, the ordinary shares are deemed to be issued when the name of the shareholder is entered in our register of members. Our register
of members is maintained by our transfer agent, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, which entered the name of Cede
 Co. in our register of members on the closing of our initial public offering as nominee for each of the respective public
shareholders. If (a) information that is required to be entered in the register of members is omitted from the register
or is inaccurately entered in the register, or (b) there is unreasonable delay in entering information in the register, a
shareholder of the company, or any person who is aggrieved by the omission, inaccuracy or delay, may apply to the British Virgin
Islands Courts for an order that the register be rectified, and the court may either refuse the application or order the rectification
of the register, and may direct the company to pay all costs of the application and any damages the applicant may have sustained. 

At any general meeting
on a show of hands every ordinary shareholder who is present in person (or, in the case of a shareholder being a corporation, by
its duly authorized representative) or by proxy will have one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
Voting at any meeting of the ordinary shareholders is by show of hands unless a poll is demanded. A poll may be demanded by shareholders
present in person or by proxy if the shareholder disputes the outcome of the vote on a proposed resolution and the chairman shall
cause a poll to be taken. Prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the rights attaching to ordinary shares
(including those provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections to our ordinary shareholders) may only be amended
by a resolution of persons holding 65 (or 50 if approved in connection with our initial business combination) of our outstanding
ordinary shares attending and voting on such amendment. Other provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association may be amended prior to the consummation of our initial business combination if approved by a majority of the votes
of shareholders attending and voting on such amendment or by resolution of the directors. Following the consummation of, or in
connection with, our initial business combination, the rights and obligations attaching to our ordinary shares and other provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may be amended if approved by a majority of the votes of shareholders
attending and voting on such amendment or by resolution of the directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes,
each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year.
There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the
shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends
when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefore. 

We do not currently
intend to hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Therefore, if our
shareholders want us to hold a meeting prior to such consummation, they may requisition the directors to hold one upon the written
request of members entitled to exercise at least 30 percent of the voting rights in respect of the matter for which the meeting
is requested. Under British Virgin Islands law, we may not increase the required percentage to call a meeting above such 30 percent
level. 

Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares
upon the consummation of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed
to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination. For illustrative purposes, based on funds in
the trust account of approximately 56.6 million on June 30, 2019 as set forth in the Report, the estimated per share redemption
price would have been approximately 10.17. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our initial shareholders have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private shares and public shares in connection with the
consummation of our initial business combination. We intend to obtain shareholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination. If we so decide, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem public shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval (assuming
we are not deemed to be a foreign private issuer at such time), we will consummate our initial business combination only if a majority
of the votes of shareholders who being so entitled attend and vote at the general meeting are voted in favor of the business combination.
However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions,
if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or
indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding
ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We
will give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if held, at which a vote shall
be taken to approve our initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination (assuming we are not deemed to be a foreign private issuer at such
time), our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, private shares and any public shares purchased during
or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem
their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if a shareholder vote is not required for business or other legal reasons, or if we are deemed to be a foreign private
issuer at such time, we will, pursuant to our memorandum and articles of association, offer to redeem our public shares pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior
to consummating our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these
tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. 

Pursuant to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by April 16,
2020, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), pro rata
to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs.
This redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected as required by and by function of our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association and prior to any formal voluntary liquidation of the company. Our initial shareholders
have agreed to waive their right to receive liquidating distributions with respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate
our initial business combination by April 16, 2020. However, if our initial shareholders or any of our officers, directors or affiliates
acquire public shares, they will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions with respect to such public shares if we fail
to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period. 

Our shareholders are
entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of legally available funds. In the
event of a liquidation or winding up of the company after our initial business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share
ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for
each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription
rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders
with the redemption rights set forth above. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares
are identical to the ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares
have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer
restrictions, as described in more detail below, and (ii) our initial shareholders agreed (A) to waive their rights to liquidating
distribution with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the consummation of our initial business
combination and (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial
business combination by April 16, 2020, although they will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any public shares they
hold if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within such time period. Our initial shareholders have agreed to
vote their founder shares, private shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor
of our initial business combination and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during
or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

Our initial shareholders
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder shares (except to certain permitted transferees as described below)
until, (1) with respect to 50 of the founder shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial
business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted
for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50 of the founder shares, one year
after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial
business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of
our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

During the escrow
period, the holders of the founder shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except for transfers, assignments
or sales (i) to our or our sponsor s officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to an entity s
members upon its liquidation, (iii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent
and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation
in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, or (vii) in connection with the consummation of a business
combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause
(vi) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer
restrictions, but will retain all other rights as our shareholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their ordinary
shares and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in ordinary shares, such dividends
will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution
with respect to the founder shares. 

Preferred Shares 

Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association authorizes the creation and issuance without shareholder approval of an unlimited number
of preferred shares divided into five classes, Class A through Class E each with such designation, rights and preferences
as may be determined by a resolution of our board of directors to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
to create such designations, rights and preferences. We have five classes of preferred shares to give us flexibility as to the
terms on which each Class is issued. Unlike Delaware law, all shares of a single class must be issued with the same rights and
obligations. Accordingly, starting with five classes of preferred shares allows us to issue shares at different times on different
terms. No preferred shares are currently issued or outstanding. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without shareholder
approval, to issue preferred shares with dividend, liquidation, redemption, voting or other rights, which could adversely affect
the voting power or other rights of the holders of ordinary shares. However, the underwriting agreement prohibits us, prior to
our initial business combination, from issuing preferred shares which participate in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account,
or which vote as a class with the ordinary shares on our initial business combination. We may issue some or all of the preferred
shares to effect our initial business combination. In addition, the preferred shares could be utilized as a method of discouraging,
delaying or preventing a change in control of us. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preferred shares, we may do
so in the future. 

The rights of preferred
shareholders, once the preferred shares are in issue, may only be amended by a resolution to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provided such amendment is also approved by a separate resolution of a majority of the votes of preferred
shareholders who being so entitled attend and vote at the class meeting of the relevant preferred class. If our preferred shareholders
want us to hold a meeting of preferred shareholders (or of a class of preferred shareholders), they may requisition the directors
to hold one upon the written request of preferred shareholders entitled to exercise at least 30 percent of the voting rights
in respect of the matter (or class) for which the meeting is requested. Under British Virgin Islands law, we may not increase the
required percentage to call a meeting above 30 percent. 

Under the Companies
Act there are no provisions which specifically prevent the issuance of preferred shares or any such other poison pill 
measures. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association also do not contain any express prohibitions on the issuance
of any preferred shares. Therefore, the directors, without the approval of the holders of ordinary shares, may issue preferred
shares that have characteristics that may be deemed anti-takeover. Additionally, such a designation of shares may be used in connection
with plans that are poison pill plans. However, as noted above under the Companies Act, a director in the exercise of his powers
and performance of his duties is required to act honestly and in good faith in what the director believes to be the best interests
of the company. 

Warrants 

As of the date of
the Report, there were 5,804,125 warrants to purchase ordinary shares outstanding, consisting of 5,565,000 public warrants and
239,125 private warrants. Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50
per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 30 days after the completion of
an initial business combination or October 16, 2019. However, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective
and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus
relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 90 days following the consummation of our initial business combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed
to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption,
is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay
the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the
product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the
warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the five trading days ending on the
trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business
combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The private warrants,
as well as any warrants underlying additional units we issue to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment
of working capital loans made to us, are identical to the warrants underlying the units sold in our initial public offering
except that such warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and will not be redeemable
by us, in each case so long as they are still held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

We may call the warrants
for redemption (excluding the private warrants and any warrants underlying additional units issued to our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us but including any outstanding warrants issued upon
exercise of the unit purchase option issued to EarlyBirdCapital), in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at any time after the warrants become exercisable; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per
share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a
30-trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary
shares underlying such warrants. 

The right to
exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after
the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s
warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria
for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial
exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so
that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below
the exercise price of the warrants. 

If we call the warrants
for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to
do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for
that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares
underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value 
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale
price of the ordinary shares for the five trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of
redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

The warrants were
issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and
us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any
ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least
50 of the then outstanding warrants (including the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders. 

The exercise price
and number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event
of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants
will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

The warrants may be
exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with
the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment
of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant
holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants
and receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled
to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

Under the terms of
the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to have declared effective a prospectus relating to the ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and keep such prospectus current until the expiration of the warrants. However, we
cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants for cash and we will not be required
to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise. 

Warrant holders may
elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to
exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess
of 9.8 of the ordinary shares outstanding. 

Private Units 

The private units
(including the private warrants or ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private warrants) will not be transferable, assignable
or salable until after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers
and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they
are held by members of the sponsor or their permitted transferees. Otherwise, the private units have terms and provisions
that are identical the units sold in our initial public offering except the warrants included in the private units will
be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees. If the warrants included in the private units are held by holders other than the holders who
purchased such units or their permitted transferees, the warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders
on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial public offering. The price of the private units
was determined in negotiations between our sponsor and the underwriters for our initial public offering, with reference to the
prices paid by initial shareholders for such units in special purpose acquisition companies, which had recently consummated
their initial public offerings. 

Purchase Option 

We sold to EarlyBirdCapital
(and/or its designees) an option to purchase up to 250,000 units at 10.00 per unit. The units issuable upon exercise
of this option are identical to those sold in our initial public offering. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any
cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and
general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business
combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any
dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent
for our securities and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, One State Street, New
York, New York 10004. 

Listing of Our Securities 

Our units, ordinary
shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols DDMXU, DDMX and DDMXW, 
respectively. 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association 

As set forth in our
amended and restated memorandum of association, the objects for which are established are unrestricted and we shall have full power
and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the Companies Act or as the same may be revised from time to time, or any
other law of the British Virgin Islands. 

Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections to our shareholders
prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of 65 (or
50 if approved in connection with our initial business combination) of our outstanding ordinary shares attending and voting on
such amendment. Our initial shareholders, who beneficially own approximately 22.6 of our ordinary shares as of the date of the
Report, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the
discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Prior to our initial business combination, if we seek to amend any provisions of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination
activity, we will provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with
any such vote on any proposed amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We and our directors
and officers have agreed not to propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would
affect the substance and timing of our obligation to redeem our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial business
combination by April 16, 2020. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares, private shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association prior to our initial business combination. 

Specifically, our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by April 16, 2020, we will, as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), pro rata to our
public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This redemption
of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and prior to commencing any voluntary liquidation; 

except in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, prior to
our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive
funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

although we do not intend to enter into our initial business combination with a target business
that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we seek to complete
our initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of
independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm, or independent investment banking firm that
our initial business combination is fair to the company from a financial point of view; and 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company
or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition,
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business
combination. 

Changes in Authorized Shares 

We are authorized
to issue an unlimited number of shares. We may by resolution of directors or shareholders: 

consolidate and divide all or any of our unissued authorized shares into shares of larger or smaller
amount than our existing shares; 

cancel any ordinary shares which, at the date of the passing of the resolution, have not
been taken or agreed to be taken by any person; or 

create new classes of shares with preferences to be determined by resolution of the board
of directors to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to create new classes of shares with such
preferences at the time of authorization, although any such new classes of shares, with the exception of the preferred shares,
may only be created with prior shareholder approval. 

Pre-emption Rights 

There are no pre-emption
rights applicable to the issuance of new shares under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Variation of Rights of Shares 

As permitted by the
Companies Act and our amended and restated memorandum of association, we may vary the rights attached to any class of shares only
with: (i) in the case of the ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination, the consent of not less than 65 (or
50 if for the purposes of approving, or in connection with, the consummation of our initial business combination) of the votes
who are in attendance and vote at a meeting, or (ii) in the case of the preferred shares, 50 of the votes of shareholders who
being so entitled attend and vote at a meeting of such shares, except, in each case where a greater majority is required under
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or the Companies Act, provided that that for these purposes the
creation, designation or issue of preferred shares with rights and privileges ranking in priority to an existing class of shares
is deemed not to be a variation of the rights of such existing class and may in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association be effected by resolution of directors without shareholder approval. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tv528937_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Mart n Werner, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DD3 Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b) [intentionally omitted] 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 20, 2019 

/s/ Mart n Werner 

Mart n Werner 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tv528937_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Daniel Salim, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DD3 Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b) [intentionally omitted] 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 20, 2019 

/s/ Daniel Salim 

Daniel Salim 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 tv528937_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION

PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of DD3 Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Mart n Werner,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Daniel Salim, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our best knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference
into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language
in such filing. 

Date: September 20, 2019 

/s/ Mart n Werner 

Mart n Werner 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Daniel Salim 

Daniel Salim 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ddmxu-20190630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ddmxu-20190630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ddmxu-20190630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ddmxu-20190630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ddmxu-20190630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ddmxu-20190630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

