<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20200527_10-K_edgar_data_1376321_0001171843-20-004001.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11904418</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>431182</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3557877</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2972480</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3065274</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1517720</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-20-004001.hdr.sgml : 20200527
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20200526214649
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-20-004001
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		127
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200527
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200526

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001376321
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				204672080
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34647
		FILM NUMBER:		20912611

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO.3 MIN ZHUANG ROAD, BUILDING 6,
		STREET 2:		YU QUAN HUI GU TUSPARK,
		CITY:			HAIDIAN DISTRICT, BEIJING,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100195
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-419-9455

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101-C N. GREENVILLE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 255
		CITY:			ALLEN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMAZING INTERACTIVE, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060922

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-20-004001.txt : 20200527

10-K
 1
 f10k_051420p.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2019 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from
 ____ to ____ 

COMMISSION FILE NO. 001-34647 

CHINANET ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

NEVADA 
 
 20-4672080 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

No. 9 South Min Zhuang Road, Haidian
District, Beijing, PRC 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

+86-10-6084-6616 

 (Issuer s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of Exchange On which Registered 
 
 Common Stock, par value 0.001 
 
 CNET 
 
 Nasdaq Capital Market 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the
definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated Filer 
 
 Non-Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report
on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the 10,972,800 shares of common
equity stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately 14,813,280 on the last business day of the Registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the last sale price of the registrant s common stock on such date
of 1.35 per share, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s
common stock, 0.001 par value as of May 26, 2020 was 21,691,926. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 2 

ITEM 1 
 
 BUSINESS 
 2 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 19 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 34 

ITEM 2 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 34 

ITEM 3 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 34 

ITEM 4 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 34 

PART II. 
 35 

ITEM 5 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 35 

ITEM 6 
 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 35 

ITEM 7 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 36 

ITEM 7a. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 48 

ITEM 8 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 48 

ITEM 9 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 49 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 49 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 50 

PART III. 
 50 

ITEM 10 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 50 

ITEM 11 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 55 

ITEM 12 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 58 

ITEM 13 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 59 

ITEM 14 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEE AND SERVICES 
 59 

PART IV. 
 60 

ITEM 15 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 60 

iTEM 16 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 65 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements
by terminology including anticipates , believes , expects , can , continue ,
 could , estimates , expects , intends , may , plans ,
 potential , predict , should or will or the negative of these terms or other
comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. Uncertainties and other factors, including the risks outlined under
Risk Factors contained in Item 1A of this Form 10-K, may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels or activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. 

Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking
statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Our expectations
are as of the date this Form 10-K is filed, and we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the filing
date to conform these statements to actual results, unless required by law. 

We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and proxy and information statements and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to
Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The SEC also maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) 
that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding us and other companies that file materials
with the SEC electronically. You may also obtain copies of reports filed with the SEC, free of charge, via a link included on our
website at www.chinanet-online.com. 

PART I 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 

We are a holding company that conducts our
primary businesses through our PRC subsidiaries and operating entities (the VIEs ). We primarily operate a one-stop
services for our clients on our Omni-channel advertising, precision marketing and data analysis system. 

We derive our revenue principally by: 

l distributing the right to use search engine marketing service we purchased from key search engines to increase the sales lead
conversion rate for our clients business promotion on both mobile and PC searches; 

l selling Internet advertising space on our advertising portals and providing related data service to our clients through the
Internet advertising management systems developed and managed by us; 

l selling effective sales lead information; and 

l providing other related value-added technical services. 

We generated total revenues of US 58.1
million for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared with US 57.1 million in 2018. Net
loss attributable to our stockholders decreased significantly to approximately US 1.26 million for the year ended December 31,
2019, compared with a net loss attributable to our stockholders of US 14.0 million in 2018 . 

In early 2018, we commenced to expand our business into the blockchain industry and the related
technology. In January 2018, we announced our strategic partnership with Wuxi Jingtum Network Technology Jingtum ),
the credible blockchain ecology builder. This strategic partnership with Jingtum is focused on blockchain technology to build a
credible, fair and transparent platform for business opportunities and transactions. We aim to build a credible, traceable, and
highly secured blockchain application infrastructure platform and develop effective business applications, including both mobile
and web applications, to meet the large demand from the small and medium enterprises SMEs ). We believe that the
applications of blockchain in the field of business development and marketing can help SMEs build a new business ecosystem based
on algorithmic trust. With the introduction of blockchain technology, we will gradually shift our platform-centric services in
the past towards decentralizing services, solving trust issues in business cooperation and services and enhancing user vitality
and loyalties. We also plan to gradually shift from providing information services to providing transaction services for business
opportunities so as to create a multi-industry and cross-chain value-based internet sharing business. 

For the years ended December 31, 2019 and
2018, as initiating our Business Opportunity Social Ecosystem BOSE ), we were in the process of developing two blockchain-technology
powered platform applications named BO!News and OMG, respectively. Our blockchain-powered platform together with the applications
aim to build a social community which facilitates various types of users, such as business owners, entrepreneurs, suppliers and
customers or any individual who is interested in starting up a business, to share business opportunities and related information
and allows users to conduct certain business transactions that can be recorded and verified through the blockchain-technology applied
by our applications. In return, our platform will use a reward point mechanism generated on blockchain in the form of token to
keep track and award the users for their contributions to our platform applications. These reward points are not associated with
any cryptocurrency and will not be listed in any crypto exchange can only be used within our BOSE, such as, exchange for our advertising
and marketing services. 

2 

In July 2018, BO!News,
our social network-based news/media mobile application on the blockchain platform was put into preliminary trial stage and downloadable
on the app store in China, and currently only the user behavior information is stored on the blockchain platform. No Martingale
Bonus Point, or MBP or reward points in form of token has been officially issued to the public and
was only issued to internal testing team for trial and error correction purposes during the trial operation. As we are
still in the early stages of researching and developing our blockchain-infrastructure platform, we continue our efforts to further
develop and adjust our blockchain-powered applications on the blockchain infrastructure platform, which is simultaneously developing
and optimizing, to meet our overall business strategy of blockchain technology, and make it a better synergism with our current
business and client base in 2020. Currently, BO!News is under major adjustments and upgrades,
and thus has not been commercially available. During the trial period, BO!News has generated no revenue. We expect to migrate
the underlying database of BO!News with OMG, our B2B2C blockchain-powered software application that is developed for data exchange,
data recording and data proof of transactions for public trust, with both functions of CRM plus, advertising and marketing. We
had originally scheduled to complete adjustments and upgrades of BO!News, to launch the OMG for trial by the end of May 2020,
and to complete the integration of BO!News and OMG for commercial release by the end of 2020. However, due to the COVID-19 outbreak
in China during the first fiscal quarter of 2020, we currently anticipate that the releasing schedule will likely be postponed
for 1 to 2 months. An updated timeline will be further communicated with the public after
it has become available. 

 We have engaged RedRun
Limited RedRun and Beijing Shengshi Kaida Technical Service Co., Ltd. Shengshi Kaida for the development
of OMG and Bo!News, respectively. Total contract amounts for OMG and Bo!News is US 4.5 million and US 0.43 million, respectively.
 The following table summarized the material remaining development costs of these blockchain-powered
applications as of December 31, 2019. 

Total 
 Paid in 
 Estimated Payment Schedule 

Amount 
 Q1 2020 
 Q3 2020 
 Q4 2020 

(Amounts expressed in thousands of US dollar) 
 
 Remaining development costs under RedRun Agreement: 
 965 
 300 
 440 
 225 
 
 Remaining development costs under Shengshi Kaida Agreement 
 85 
 - 
 85 
 - 
 
 Total Remaining Development Costs: 
 1,050 
 300 
 525 
 225 

Our platform will support
two blockchain-powered Apps: BO!News and OMG. 

 Our users will use BO!News
on account of that we publish it as an App for life and entrepreneurial social interaction app, which enables its future users
an much easier access to daily news, social medias and social information associating with daily life events and entrepreneurship.
In chorus, they can contribute and share their own experiences by generating their personal contents in writing, forwarding from
other medias, streaming or short videos. In return, they would be rewarded with MBP in form of token, which are recorded on the
blockchain for a transparent and creditable proof with a fixed value (which value is not finally determined yet). The MBP, i.e.
the reward points in form of token issued by the BO!News App, are not associated with cryptocurrency and will not be listed in
any crypto exchange. These reward points are also not transferrable and can only be used to exchange goods or products within
our ecosystem, i.e. the BOSE, of ChinaNet. For example, to exchange for advertising service, or other gifts offered on the App,
which will be further identified to the public when the DAU Daily Active User of BO!News App reaches sustainable
level. With the anticipated sustainable level of DAU on the App, we would also be able to introduce BO!News as a new marketing
channel for our existing client base, as well as acquisition of new clients, and to generate additional recurring internet advertising
revenues accordingly. 

3 

OMG is developed for a
larger business scope than BO!News, and is similar to an App called StorCard in Germany, but with more functions. OMG App will
enable users (consumers and merchants) to integrate other stores reward/loyalty point cards into OMG point consolidation
and exchange system built on the blockchain infrastructure platform. OMG will be also featured with its blockchain-powered CRM
plus and Advertising sharing system that combines with all previous advertising technology we have developed and sourced throughout
years. It will provide both consumers and merchants a very easy in-and-cross store spending experience through a combined reward
card, which will help consumers managing all of their different reward/loyalty points cards in a single way. Merchants will also
get benefit of using it as a marketing platform to push their advertising or promotion to their and non-competitors customer
bases. For example: Merchant A and B are both OMG App s participating merchants, as a result, their customers loyalty
points databases are connected to OMG through secured API system. User X is a customer of both Merchant A and Merchant B, who
wants to redeem a gift card with Merchant B s loyalty/reward points, however, he does not have enough Merchant B s
loyalty/reward points. Through the OMG App, User X makes an offer of exchange Merchant A s loyalty/reward points for Merchant
B s loyalty/reward points, and the OMG App matching system has found User Y, who wants to exchange Merchant B s loyalty/reward
points for Merchant A s points for redeeming a reward gift in Merchant A. User X and Y are then acknowledged by the OMG
App interactively, and then are able to exchange the loyalty/reward points for their specific needs based on their own negotiated
exchange rate between Merchant A and Merchant B s loyalty/reward points. Their transaction will be executed by the agreed
terms input onto smart contract through the OMG App and recorded on the public chain for transaction authentication and verification.
In addition, this transaction activity will be recorded by the OMG App, and User X and Y will also be rewarded with the loyalty
points issued by OMG for conducting this transaction on OMG, which will be recorded and stored on our hyperledger blockchain in
the form of token. 

 Hence, all the behaviors,
including the merchants reward/loyalty points exchange transaction mentioned previously, conducted both personal or business-oriented
within OMG will be rewarded with points issued by the platform in form of token OMG reward points ). Same as the
points rewarded to the users of the BO!News App, the OMG reward points issued in form of token are also not associated with cryptocurrency,
and will not be listed in any crypto exchange. These reward points will grant privileges on higher sales discount, better point
consumption rate, credit rating, faster matching and so forth, which rules will be finalized before our final commercial release
of the OMG App, and will only be used for the business or consumption purposes within the BOSE of ChinaNet. Our final blockchain
platform has been designed and is developing to adopt both hyperledger and public chains in a hybrid structure. 

 We anticipant to generate
service revenues from our participating merchants for using our blockchain-powered OMG application. With sustainable level of DAU
on this App, we also anticipant to generate additional recurring internet advertising service revenues on OMG application from
our existing client base, as well as from new customers in future periods. 

 We have been building our
blockchain infrastructure platform on Ethereum platform, and is now integrating with hyperledger solution to ensure the openness
and easiness of the blockchain platform. The risks involved in our blockchain platform including but not exclusive to, the security
risk, infrastructure risk, transition (blackhole) risk and so forth. As such, any malfunction, breakdown, divergence or abandonment
of the Ethereum platform may have an adverse effect on the our blockchain-powered platform. As a result, we are in the process
of testing and integrating with hyperledger and other public cross-chain solution, to minimize related risks and challenges. 

 As in our planning, we intend
to issue reward points in the form of token for user interactions within our Apps and it is NOT officially implemented yet. As
previously mentioned, when users of our Apps (i.e. BO!News or OMG) post and share some contents, or conduct a transaction within
the App, they can get some rewards in the form of token as a proof recorded on the blockchain. The reward points will also be given
to the users when their article attracts internet traffics (i.e. clicks and viewings) and interactions (i.e. messages or the click
on the ads within the content). The reason of using blockchain is to improve the social credibility of activities recorded and
transactions conducted. All the points received by the users are stored in the wallet of the Apps on the hyperledger chain, which
is in a closed environment. If a person mobile phone got stolen and his password of the mobile phone and App got cracked, then
his or her points will likely be stolen. But as these points can only be used within our BOSE ecosystem, hence it means zero value
outside of this ecosystem, and if we got informed in advance, we can manage to cancel the points and reissue the points to them
to prevent the owner s possible losses. Finally, as stated previously, the reward point issued in form of token is not equivalent
to any cryptocurrency and will not be listed on any exchange. 

4 

We
appointed a new Chief Technology Officer in December 2019 and a Chief Business Officer in February 2020 to advance our development
of blockchain technology, explore new business opportunities in healthcare industry advertising, and facilitate the integration
of data analytics with artificial intelligence AI ). Moreover, to enhance the reliability of our future blockchain
services and optimize location for client proximity, we are in the process of expanding our corporate business and technology headquarters
to the city of Guangzhou in Southern China. We expect to officially open our new Guangzhou headquarters in either June or July
of 2020. 

In
response to COVID-19, we are currently in the process of using our blockchain capabilities to launch a simple blockchain-powered
web application. This blockchain-powered web application is designed to help people better understand their current health status
and thus improve their decision making process regarding the choice to either stay at home or go to work. By better understanding
the potential risks, people will be able to go about their daily lives with fewer complications and respond to related concerns
more appropriately. In addition, other functions will be added to enhance people s understanding of their own health status
as it relates to locations, workspaces, communities as well as friends and families. We plan to make the initial release free in
order to help people around the world understand whether or not they have the symptoms of COVID-19. This web application will be
released in multiple languages, including English, Italian, Spanish and Indonesian. We currently project the initial release date
for this web application to be early in the third quarter of 2020. 

In
light of the Chinese government s favorable policy towards the development of blockchain technology, we will continue focusing
on developing and promoting our blockchain-based platform services and products in the second half of 2020 as planned. We anticipate
that this will help us to not only cultivate more sources of recurring revenue, but also bolster our preparations for the expansion
into the Southeast Asian market in the near future. 

Our Subsidiaries, Variable Interest Entities (VIEs) and
Ownership Interest Investment Affiliates 

As of December 31, 2019, our corporate structure
is set forth below: 

5 

We were incorporated in the State of Texas
in April 2006 and re-domiciled to become a Nevada corporation in October 2006. On June 26, 2009, we consummated a share exchange
transaction with China Net Online Media Group Limited China Net BVI (the
 Share Exchange . As a result of the Share Exchange, China Net BVI became
a wholly owned subsidiary of ours and we are now a holding company, which, through certain contractual arrangements with operating
companies in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ), is primarily engaged in providing advertising, precision
marketing, online to offline sales channel expansion and the related data and technical services to SMEs in the PRC. 

Our subsidiaries and our VIE Structure 

Our direct wholly owned subsidiary, China
Net BVI, was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on August 13, 2007. On April 11, 2008, China Net BVI became the parent
holding company of a group of companies comprised of CNET Online Technology Co. Limited, a Hong Kong company China Net
HK ), which established, and is the parent company of, Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., a wholly
foreign-owned enterprise WFOE established in the PRC Rise King WFOE ). In October 2008, Rise King
WFOE acquired control over Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. Business Opportunity Online and Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. Beijing CNET Online (collectively the PRC Operating Entities 
or the VIEs by entering into a series of contracts (the Contractual Agreements or the VIE Agreements ),
which enabled Rise King WFOE to operate the business and manage the affairs of the PRC Operating Entities. 

The Special Administrative Measures for
Entrance of Foreign Investment (Negative List) (2019 Version), promulgated jointly by the Ministry of Commerce MOFCOM and the National Development and Reform Commission on June 30, 2019 came into effective on July 30, 2019 (the 2019 Negative
List ). The 2019 Negative List classified various industries/business into three different categories: (i) encouraged for
foreign investment, (ii) restricted to foreign investment and (iii) prohibited from foreign investment. For any industry/business
not covered by any of these three categories, they will be deemed to be industries/business permitted to have foreign investment.
Except for those expressly provided restrictions, encouraged and permitted industries/businesses are usually open to foreign investment
and ownership. With regard to those industries/businesses restricted to or prohibited from foreign investment, there is always
a limitation on foreign investment and ownership. 

The business of the PRC Operating Entities
falls under the class of a business that provides Internet content or information services, a type of value-added telecommunication
services, for which restrictions upon foreign ownership apply. The 2019 Negative List retains the restrictions on foreign ownership
related to value-added telecommunication services. As a result, Rise King WFOE is not allowed to conduct the business the PRC Operating
Entities companies are currently pursuing. Advertising business is open to foreign investment but used to require that the foreign
investors of a WFOE should have been carrying out advertising business for over three years pursuant to the Foreign Investment
Advertising Measures as amended by MOFCOM and the State Administration of Industry and Commerce SAIC , currently
known as the State Administration for Market Regulations, SAMR )) on August 22, 2008, which was repealed in June
29, 2015. Before June 29, 2015, Rise King WFOE was not allowed to engage in the advertising business because its shareholder, China
Net HK, did not meet such requirements. As a result, in order to control the business and operations of the PRC Operating Entities
and consolidate the financial results of the two companies in a manner that does not violate the related PRC laws, Rise King WFOE
executed the Contractual Agreements with the PRC Shareholders and each of the PRC Operating Entities. 

Summary of the material terms of the VIE Agreements: 

Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements: 

Pursuant to the Exclusive Business Cooperation
Agreements entered into by and between Rise King WFOE and each of the PRC Operating Entities, Rise King WFOE has the exclusive
right provide to the PRC Operating Entities complete technical support, business support and related consulting services during
the term of these agreements, which includes but is not limited to technical services, business consultations, equipment or property
leasing, marketing consultancy, system integration, product research and development, and system maintenance. In exchange for such
services, each PRC Operating Entity has agreed to pay a service fee consisting of a management fee and a fee for services provided,
to Rise King WFOE, which shall be determined by Rise King WFOE according to the following factors: the complexity and difficulty
of the services, seniority of and time consumed by the employees, specific contents, scope and value of the services, market price
of the same type of services, and operation conditions of the PRC Operating Entities. Each agreement shall remain effective unless
terminated in accordance with the provisions thereof or terminated in writing by Rise King WFOE. 

6 

Exclusive Option Agreements: 

Under the Exclusive Option Agreements entered
into by and among Rise King WFOE, each of the PRC Shareholders irrevocably granted to Rise King WFOE, or its designated person,
an exclusive option to purchase, to the extent permitted by PRC law, a portion or all of their respective equity interest in any
PRC Operating Entities for a purchase price of RMB10, or a purchase price to be adjusted to be in compliance with applicable PRC
laws and regulations. Rise King WFOE, or its designated person, has the sole discretion to decide when to exercise the option,
whether in part or in full. Each of these agreements shall become effective upon execution and remain effective until all equity
interests held by the relevant PRC Shareholder(s) in the PRC Operating Entities have been transferred or assigned to Rise King
WFOE and/or any other person designated by Rise King WFOE. 

Equity Pledge Agreements: 

Under the Equity Pledge Agreements entered
into by and among Rise King WFOE, the PRC Operating Entities and each of the PRC Shareholders, the PRC Shareholders pledged all
of their equity interests in the PRC Operating Entities to guarantee the PRC Operating Entities and the PRC Shareholders 
performance of the relevant obligations under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements and other Contractual Agreements. If
the PRC Operating Entities or any of the PRC Shareholders breaches its/his/her respective contractual obligations under these agreements,
or upon the occurrence of one of the events regarded as an event of default under each such agreement, Rise King WFOE, as pledgee,
will be entitled to certain rights, including the right to dispose of the pledged equity interests. The PRC Shareholders of the
PRC Operating Entities agreed not to dispose of the pledged equity interests or take any actions that would prejudice Rise King
WFOE's interest, and to notify Rise King WFOE of any events or upon receipt of any notices which may affect Rise King WFOE's interest
in the pledge. Each of the equity pledge agreements will be valid until all the obligations under the Exclusive Business Cooperation
Agreements and other Contractual Agreements have been fulfilled, including the service fee payments related to the Exclusive Business
Cooperation Agreement are paid in full. 

Irrevocable Powers of Attorney: 

The PRC Shareholders have each executed
an irrevocable power of attorney to appoint Rise King WFOE as their exclusive attorneys-in-fact to vote on their behalf on all
PRC Operating Entities matters requiring shareholder approval. The term of each power of attorney is valid so long as such shareholder
is a shareholder of the respective PRC Operating Entity. 

As a result of these Contractual Agreements,
we through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Rise King WFOE, were granted with unconstrained decision making rights and power over key
strategic and operational functions that would significantly impact the PRC Operating Entities or the VIEs economic performance,
which includes, but is not limited to, the development and execution of the overall business strategy; important and material decision
making; decision making for merger and acquisition targets and execution of merger and acquisition plans; business partnership
strategy development and execution; government liaison; operation management and review; and human resources recruitment and compensation
and incentive strategy development and execution. Rise King WFOE also provides comprehensive services to the VIEs for their daily
operations, such as operational technical support, office administration technical support, accounting support, general administration
support and technical support for products and services. As a result of the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements, the Equity
Pledge Agreements and the Exclusive Option Agreements, we will bear all of the VIEs operating costs in exchange for the
net income of the VIEs. Under these agreements, we have the absolute and exclusive right to enjoy economic benefits similar to
equity ownership through the VIE Agreements with our PRC Operating Entities and their shareholders. Due to the fact that Rise King
WFOE and its indirect parent are the sole interest holders of the VIEs, we included the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses
of the VIEs in our consolidated financial statements, which is consistent with the provisions of FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 810 Consolidation , subtopic 10. 

7 

Please refer to the discussion of uncertainties
and risks in relation to our VIE Structure on page 13 under Business-Government Regulation contained in Item 1 and page 23 under
Risk Factors-Risks Relating to Regulation of Our Business and to Our Structure contained in Item 1A of this Annual Report. 

As of December 31, 2019, besides China Net
BVI, China Net HK and Rise King WFOE, as discussed above, we also have three other indirectly wholly-owned investment holding companies,
ChinaNet Investment Holding Ltd, a British Virgin Islands company ChinaNet Investment BVI ), Grandon Investments
Limited, a British Virgin Islands company Grandon BVI and ChinaNet Online Holdings Co., Ltd., a PRC company ChinaNet
Online PRC ). ChinaNet Investment BVI co-incorporated ChinaNet Online Holdings Korea, a Korean company ChinaNet Korea with four unaffiliated individuals and beneficially owns 15 equity interest in ChinaNet Korea. ChinaNet Online PRC co-incorporated
ChinaNet Chuang Tou (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., a PRC company ChinaNet Chuang Tou with two unaffiliated individuals and
beneficially owns 19 equity interest in ChinaNet Chuang Tou. The business activities of ChinaNet Chuang Tou and ChinaNet Korea
are currently dormant. ChinaNet Online PRC also co-incorporated a majority-owned subsidiary, Business Opportunity Chain (Beijing)
Technology Development Co., Ltd., a PRC company Business Opportunity Chain with three unrelated parties, of which
ChinaNet Online PRC owns 51 equity interest. Business Opportunity Chain was established to perform research and develop and provide
other technical support for our blockchain business unit. 

Our VIEs, VIEs subsidiaries and other ownership
interest investment affiliates 

As discussed above, through Rise King WFOE,
we beneficially own two VIEs: Business Opportunities Online and Beijing CNET Online. Business Opportunities Online is primarily
engaged in providing Internet advertising, online to offline (O2O) precision marketing and related data service to the SMEs. Beijing
CNET Online is primarily engaged in providing TV advertising and other value-added technical services to the SMEs. 

As of December 31, 2019, Business Opportunity
Online has the following directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries in PRC: Beijing Chuang Fu Tian Xia Network Technology
Co., Ltd. Beijing Chuang Fu Tian Xia ), Business Opportunity Online (Hubei) Network Technology Co., Ltd. Business
Opportunity Online Hubei ), Hubei CNET Advertising Media Co., Ltd. Hubei CNET ), Sheng Tian Network Technology
(Hubei) Co., Ltd. Sheng Tian Hubei ), Beijing Chuang Shi Xin Qi Advertising Media Co., Ltd. Beijing Chuang
Shi Xin Qi ), Beijing Hong Da Shi Xing Network Technology Co., Ltd. Beijing Hong Da Shi Xing and Beijing
Shi Ji Cheng Yuan Advertising Media Co., Ltd. Beijing Shi Ji Cheng Yuan ). Except Hubei CNET and Sheng Tian Hubei,
which are currently dormant, the rest subsidiaries of Business Opportunity Online are all engaged in providing Internet advertising,
O2O precision marketing and related data service to the SMEs. 

As of December 31, 2019, except for Local
Chain Xi an Information Technology Co., Ltd. Local Chain Xi an), in which we beneficially own a 4.9 equity
interest, the business activities of all other equity ownership interest investee entities of Business Opportunities Online and
Beijing CNET Online (except for those that result in consolidation) as indicated in our organization chart above are currently
dormant. 

Industry and Market Overview 

Overview of the Advertising Market in
China 

According to the advertising spend forecasts
of Dentsu Aegis Network published in March 2020, the global advertising spend will reach US 615.4 billion, with an estimated growth
rate of 3.9 in 2020. Although the global coronavirus pandemic has aggravated the uncertainty of the global economic and advertising
industry, there is still a strong possibility that the virus spread could be constrained in the coming months, allowing for an
economy rebound in the second half of 2020. 

China s advertising market is slowing
in step with its economy and was also adversely affected by the COVID-19 outbreak in the first fiscal quarter of 2020, however,
still remains one of the key drivers of global growth of advertising. Dentsu Aegis Network forecasts that China s total advertising
spend will grow by 3.9 and 5.4 in 2020 and 2021, respectively. 

8 

The growth of China s advertising
market is driven by a number of factors, including the sustained economic growth and increases in disposable income and consumption
in China. China was the second largest economy in the world in terms of gross domestic product GDP ), which amounted
to approximately US 14.3 trillion in 2019. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the annual disposable income
per capita in urban households increased to RMB42,359 in 2019, adjusted by the price factors, the actual increase was 5.0 . 

Overview of the Internet Advertising
Industry 

According to the advertising spend forecasts
of Dentsu Aegis Network published in March 2020, global ad-spend growth continues to be dominated by digital channels, which is
expected to grow 10.5 to reach approximately US 276 billion and 45 of the total ad-spend in 2020, and the share of mobile ad-spend
will exceed that of TV ad-spend in 2020. 

In China, the Internet advertising market
growth is expected to stem primarily from a higher internet penetration rate of just 64.5 by the end of March 2020, compared with
59.6 by the end of 2018. Total internet users reached to approximately 904 million people by the end of March 2020, increased
by approximately 75.1 million people, compared with that as of December 31, 2018. (Please refer to the 45th China Internet Network
Development Statistical Report issued by China Internet Network Information Center (the CNNIC in April 2020). According
to the 45th CNNIC report, as of March 2020, the mobile internet user reached to 897 million people, compared with 817 million people
as of December 2018, which accounted for 99.3 of the total internet users, as compared with 98.6 as of December 2018. 

According to a report of iResearch Global
Group published in June 2019, online advertising revenue in China reached RMB484.4 billion Yuan (approximately US 70.2 billion)
in 2018 and was estimated to hit RMB625.5 billion Yuan (approximately US 90.7 billion) in 2019, up 29 year-over-year. Its growth
is forecasted to slow in step with its economy in the next few years. Mobile devices have become an indispensable part of people's
lives. At the same time, along with the mobile advertising industry chain keeps improving, driving the rapid growth of online advertising
revenue. 

The diagram below depicts the Market Scale
of China s Online Advertising from 2015 to 2021 and the industry trend in the next three years: 

High Demand for the Internet Advertising from SMEs and O2O
Business in China 

We believe that the Internet advertising
market in China has significant potential for future growth due to high demand from the rapid development of SMEs and O2O business. 

9 

The development of the SME market is still
in its early stages in China. Since their sales channels and distribution networks are still underdeveloped, they are driven to
search for new participants by utilizing Internet advertising and precision marketing. The SMEs tend to be smaller, less-developed
brands primarily focused on restaurants, garments, building materials, home appliances, and entertainment with low start-up costs.
The Chinese government has promulgated a series of laws and regulations to protect and promote the development of SMEs which appeals
to entrepreneurs looking to benefit from the central government s support of increased domestic demand. SMEs are now
responsible for about 50 of China s tax revenues, 60 of China s GDP and employment of approximately 80 of the urban
Chinese workforce. SMEs are creating new urban jobs, and they are the main destination for new graduates entering the workforce
and workers laid-off from state-owned enterprises (SOEs) that re-enter the workforce. 

In recent years, the capital market, Internet
giants and traditional offline services business in China have all accelerated their O2O business arrangement and development.
With the advent of the mobile Internet era, the innovation of user needs, and applications have become the main trend of the Internet,
including online payments, location-based services, online and offline interaction and more. Due to the slowdown of China s
economy growth in recent years, the competitive market pressure within the local life services industry has increased. Under these
circumstances, more and more traditional offline service providers started to use the Internet-based tools (PC, tablet and mobile)
to market and promote their products and services. The rapid development of social media and tools, such as: WeChat and Weibo,
also have had a very important influence on the development of the O2O market, and using social media and tools to promote brands
and maintain customer relationships has become an important adverting and marketing trend for all offline business. 

Our Principal Products and Services 

Internet Advertising, Precision Marketing
and Related Data Services 

Founded in 2003 and 2011, respectively,
28.com and liansuo.com are two of the leading Internet portals for information relating to small business opportunities in China,
and 28.com is one of the earliest entrants in this sector. In the past few years, we further developed and upgraded the system
and tools of our advertising portals, including customer user interface, and integrated our mobile functions. Besides our advertising
portals, we also have established solid partnership relations with key search engines in China which entitle us to the distribution
of the right to use their search engine marketing service which allows our customers to invest in their online advertising and
marketing campaign through multi-channel to maximize market exposure and effectiveness. 

Our Internet advertising, precision marketing
and related data services provide advertisers with tools to build sales channels directly in the form of franchisees, sales agents,
distributors, and/or resellers, and have the following features which enable them to be attractive to the advertisers: 

Allowing potential entrepreneurs interested in inexpensive franchise and other business ventures
to find in-depth details about these businesses in various industries and business categories, with real-time and online assistance
through an instant messenger; 

Providing one-stop integrated Internet marketing and advertising services for SMEs by offering
customized services and advertisement placement on various communication channels through intelligent based promotion systems; 

Generating effective sales leads information; and 

Bundling with advanced traffic generation techniques, search-engine optimization and marketing
and other Internet advertising management tools to assist our clients with monitoring, analyzing and managing their advertising
and data collected on our web portal. 

We typically charge our clients a fixed
monthly fee for the Internet advertising and related data services that we provide on our ad portals. For distribution of the right
to use the search engine marketing service, revenue is recognized on a monthly basis and at a gross amount, based on the direct
cost consumed through search engines for providing such services with a premium, which typically is 3 -8 . A certain group of our
clients also purchase effective sales lead information collected by our online advertising system, and we charge a fixed fee, which
varies for different business types, for each effective sales lead information delivered to clients. For the year ended December
31, 2019, we had approximately 1,100 clients who used our Internet advertising, marketing and data services, compared with 800
clients for the year ended December 31, 2018. We achieved approximately US 56.9 million and US 57.0 million of Internet advertising,
precision marketing and related data and technical services revenues for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
The overall gross profit margin of this business segment increased to 8 for the year ended December 31, 2019 from 4 for the year
ended December 31, 2018. 

10 

Television Advertising 

As part of our advertising and marketing services,
we distributed television shows that were comprised of advertisements similar to infomercials. The shows are distributed during
airtime we purchased from provincial satellite television stations. Due to the rapid development of Internet and mobile advertising
and the further restriction on content, air time and duration of these infomercials imposed by the State Administration of Press,
Publication, Radio, Film and Television of the PRC in recent years, the demands of our TV advertising service decreased accordingly.
For the year ended December 31, 2019, we did not generate any TV advertising revenues, as we did not finalize any advertising resources
contracts with suppliers during the year. For the year ended December 31, 2018, we recognized approximately US 0.12 million TV
advertising revenues. We will continue to monitor our clients needs of this service. In consideration of the sustained and
steady development of Internet advertising and the rapid development in mobile advertising, we expect future revenues contributed
from this segment will be insignificant. 

Sales and Marketing 

For the year ended December 31, 2019, we
derived 97.9 of total net revenues from our Internet advertising and the provision of related data and technical services, compared
with 99.8 for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

We employ experienced advertising sales
people and provide in-house education and training to our sales people to ensure that they provide our current and prospective
clients with comprehensive information about our services, the benefits of using our advertising, marketing and data services and
relevant information regarding the advertising industry. We also market our advertising services from time to time by placing advertisements
on television and other well-known portals in China, participating in domestic and international franchise exhibitions in China
and other countries and acting as a sponsor to third-party programming and shows. 

Suppliers 

Our suppliers are major search engines,
Internet gateways, other advertising resources suppliers and regional television stations. Among these suppliers, for the year
ended December 31, 2019, resources purchased from two of the largest search engines in China counted for approximately 89 
and 3 of our search engine resource cost, respectively, compared with 85 and 11 for the year ended December 31, 2018, respectively.
For television, we had one provincial satellite television station which supplied us with television advertising airtime slots
in 2018. 

Research and Development 

We plan to increase expenditures to enhance
the safety of our hardware and server that we depend on to support our network and manage and monitor programs on the network in
future years. Whether we continue to further deploy newer technology will depend upon cost and network security. We also focus
on enhancing related software systems enabling us to track and monitor advertiser demands and the related data collection and analysis.
In the next few years, we intend to move our research and development efforts to mobile-based application system and data collection
and analysis tools, and our new blockchain-technology powered Business Opportunity Social Ecosystem. 

11 

Intellectual Property 

As of December 31, 2019, we had twenty-four
software copyright certificates issued by the State Copyright Office of the PRC SCO ), including, but not limited
to, software systems covering monitor and management platforms on Internet advertising effects, analysis systems on Internet traffic
statistics and Internet user behavior, analysis systems on log-based visit hotspot and browsing trails, analysis systems on mobile
advertising platform and cloud-compute technology. 

Competition 

We compete with other Internet advertising
companies for business opportunities in China, including companies that also distribute the right to use the search engine marketing
services provide by key search engines in China, such as: Media Linkage Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Jiuxing Hudong
Technology Co., Ltd., and Guangzhou Chengzhi Mingyuan Network Technology Co., Ltd, and companies that operate Internet advertising
portals, such as u88.cn, 3158.cn and 78.cn. We compete for clients primarily on the basis of network size and coverage, location,
price, the range of services that we offer and our brand name. We also compete for overall advertising spending with other alternative
advertising media companies, such as wireless telecommunications, street furniture, billboards, frame and public transport advertising
companies, and with traditional advertising media, such as newspapers, magazines and radio. 

Government Regulation 

The PRC government imposes extensive controls
and regulations over the media industry, including on internet, television, radio, newspapers, magazines, advertising, media content
production, and the market research industry. This section summarizes the principal PRC regulations that are relevant to our lines
of business. 

Regulations on the Value-added Telecommunication
Services and Advertising Industry in China 

Foreign Investments in Value-added Telecommunication
Services 

The Foreign Investment Industrial Guidance
Catalogue restricts foreign investments in value-added telecommunication services, including providing Internet information services ICP ). In accordance with the Regulations for the Administration of Foreign-Invested Telecommunications Enterprises FITE Regulations ), which were issued by the State Council of the PRC on December 11, 2001, became effective
on January 1, 2002 and was subsequently amended on September 10, 2008 and February 6, 2016, respectively. The FITE
Regulations stipulate that foreign invested telecommunications enterprises in the PRC FITEs must be established
as Sino-foreign equity joint ventures. Under the FITE Regulations and in accordance with WTO-related agreements, the foreign party
to a FITE engaging in value-added telecommunications services may hold up to 50 of the equity of the FITE, with no geographic
restrictions on the FITE s operations. On June 30, 2016, the MIIT issued an Announcement of the Ministry of Industry
and Information Technology (the MIIT on Issues concerning the Provision of Telecommunication Services in the Mainland
by Service Providers from Hong Kong and Macao, which provides that investors from Hong Kong and Macau may hold more than 50 of
the equity in FITEs engaging in certain specified categories of value-added telecommunications services. 

For a FITE to acquire any equity interest
in a value-added telecommunications business in China, it must satisfy a number of stringent performance and operational experience
requirements, including demonstrating a track record and experience in operating a value-added telecommunications business overseas.
FITEs that meet these requirements must obtain approvals from the MIIT and the MOFCOM or their authorized local counterparts, which
retain considerable discretion in granting approvals. 

On July 13, 2006, the Notice of the
Ministry of Information Industry on Intensifying the Administration of Foreign Investment in Value-added Telecommunications Services
(the MIIT Notice ), which reiterates certain provisions of the FITE Regulations, was issued. Under the MIIT Notice,
if a FITE intends to invest in a PRC value-added telecommunications business, the FITE must be established and must apply for a
telecommunications business license applicable to the business. Under the MIIT Notice, a domestic company that holds a license
for the provision of Internet content services, or an ICP license, is considered to be a type of value-added telecommunications
business in China, and is prohibited from leasing, transferring or selling the license to foreign investors in any form, and from
providing any assistance, including providing resources, sites or facilities, to foreign investors to conduct value-added telecommunications
businesses illegally in China. Trademarks and domain names that are used in the provision of Internet content services must be
owned by the ICP license holder or its shareholders. On November 27, 2017, the MIIT promulgated the Notice Regulating the
Use of Domain Names in the Provision of Internet-based Information Services, or the Domain Names Notice, which became effective
on January 1, 2018. Under the Domain Names Notice, a domain name used by a provider of Internet-based information services
must be registered and owned by the provider or, if the provider is an entity, by a shareholder or senior management of the provider. 

12 

Foreign Investments in Advertising 

In accordance with the Administrative Provision
on Foreign Investment in the Advertising Industry, jointly promulgated by the SAIC (currently known as the SAMR) and MOFCOM on
August 22, 2008 and became effective on October 1, 2008, foreign investors can invest in PRC advertising companies either through
wholly owned enterprises or joint ventures with Chinese parties. However, the foreign investor must have at least three years of
direct operations outside China in the advertising industry as its core business. This requirement was reduced to two years if
foreign investment in the advertising company is in the form of a joint venture. The Administrative Provision on Foreign Investment
in the Advertising Industry was subsequently repealed by the SAIC (currently known as the SAMR) and MOFCOM on June 29, 2015. 

In consideration of the above discussed
restrictions on foreign investments in ICP and advertising business, our whole-owned subsidiary in China, Rise King WFOE, is ineligible
to apply for the required licenses for providing Internet information services and was ineligible to apply for the required licenses
for providing advertising services in China before June 29, 2015. Our ICP business and advertising business are operated by Business
Opportunity Online and Beijing CNET Online in China. We have been, and are expected to continue to be, dependent on these companies
to operate our ICP business and advertising business. We do not have any equity interest in our PRC Operating Entities, but Rise
King WFOE receives the economic benefits of the same through the Contractual Arrangements. 

We have been advised by our PRC counsel,
as of the date hereof, our current contractual arrangements with our VIEs and their respective shareholders are valid, binding
and enforceable. However, there exist substantial uncertainties regarding the application, interpretation and enforcement of current
and future PRC laws and regulations and their potential effect on our corporate structure and contractual arrangements. 

On
March 15, 2019, the National People s Congress of the PRC approved the Foreign Investment Law, which came into effect on
January 1, 2020, replaced the trio of existing laws regulating foreign investment in China, namely, the Sino-foreign Equity
Joint Venture Enterprise Law, the Sino-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law and the Wholly Foreign-invested Enterprise
Law, together with their implementation rules and ancillary regulations. The Foreign Investment Law embodies an expected PRC regulatory
trend to rationalize its foreign investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing international practice and the legislative
efforts to unify the corporate legal requirements for both foreign and domestic investments. However, since it is relatively new,
uncertainties still exist in relation to its interpretation and implementation. For instance, under the Foreign Investment Law,
 foreign investment refers to the investment activities directly or indirectly conducted by foreign individuals, enterprises
or other entities in China. Though it does not explicitly classify contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment, there
is no assurance that foreign investment via contractual arrangements would not be interpreted as a type of indirect foreign investment
activities under the definition in the future. In addition, the definition contains a catch-all provision which includes investments
made by foreign investors through means stipulated in laws or administrative regulations or other methods prescribed by the State
Council. Therefore, it still leaves leeway for future laws, administrative regulations or provisions promulgated by the State Council
to provide for contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment. In any of these cases, it will be uncertain whether our
contractual arrangements will be deemed to be in violation of the market access requirements for foreign investment under the PRC
laws and regulations. Furthermore, if future laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the State Council mandate
further actions to be taken by companies with respect to existing contractual arrangements, we may face substantial uncertainties
as to whether we can complete such actions in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to cope
with any of these or similar regulatory compliance challenges could materially and adversely affect our current corporate structure,
corporate governance and business operations. 

13 

Business License and permits for ICP and Advertising
Companies 

All PRC legal entities may commence operations
only upon obtaining a business license from the relevant local branch of the SAIC (currently known as the SAMR). 

On October 27, 1994, the Tenth Session of
the Standing Committee of the Eighth National People s Congress adopted the Advertising Law, which became effective on February
1, 1995, and was subsequently amended on April 24, 2015 by the Fourteenth Session of the Standing Committee of the Twelfth National
People s Congress, and on October 26, 2018 by the Sixth Session of the Standing Committee of the Thirteenth National People s
Congress, respectively. The latest Revised Advertising Law became effective on October 26, 2018. According to the Revised Advertising
Law and its various implementing rules, companies engaging in advertising activities must obtain from the SAIC (currently known
as the SAMR) or its local branches a business license which specifically includes within its scope the operation of an advertising
business. Companies conducting advertising activities without such a license may be subject to penalties, including fines, confiscation
of advertising income and orders to cease advertising operations. The business license of an advertising company is valid for the
duration of its existence, unless the license is suspended or revoked due to a violation of any relevant law or regulation. We
have obtained such a business license from the local branches of the SAIC (currently known as the SAMR) as required by existing
PRC regulations. We do not expect to encounter any difficulties in maintaining the business license. However, if we seriously violate
the relevant advertising laws and regulations, the SAIC (currently known as the SAMR) or its local branches may revoke our business
licenses. 

On September 25, 2000, the State Council
issued the Measures for the Administration of Internet Information Services ICP Measures ). Under the ICP Measures,
entities that provide information to online users on the Internet, or ICPs, are obliged to obtain an operating permit from the
 MIIT or its local branch. ICP permits are subject to annual inspection. Our PRC operating VIEs engaged in ICP business have
obtained their respective ICP permits and comply with the annual inspection and other related provisions. We do not expect to encounter
any difficulties in maintaining the ICP operating permits. However, if we seriously violate the relevant ICP laws and regulations,
the SAIC (currently known as the SAMR) or its local branches may revoke our permits. 

Advertising Content 

PRC advertising laws, rules and regulations
set forth certain content requirements for advertisements in China including, among other things, prohibitions on false or misleading
content, superlative wording, socially destabilizing content or content involving obscenities, superstition, violence, discrimination
or infringement of the public interest. Advertisements for anesthetic, psychotropic, toxic or radioactive drugs are prohibited.
There are also specific restrictions and requirements regarding advertisements that relate to matters such as patented products
or processes, pharmaceutical products, medical procedures, alcohol, tobacco, and cosmetics. In addition, all advertisements relating
to pharmaceuticals, medical instruments, agrochemicals and veterinary pharmaceuticals, together with any other advertisements which
are subject to censorship by administrative authorities according to relevant laws or regulations, must be submitted to relevant
authorities for content approval prior to dissemination. 

Advertisers, advertising operators, including
advertising agencies, and advertising distributors are required by PRC advertising laws and regulations to ensure that the content
of the advertisements they prepare or distribute is true and in full compliance with applicable laws. In providing advertising
services, advertising operators and advertising distributors must review the supporting documents provided by advertisers for advertisements
and verify that the content of the advertisements complies with applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. Prior to distributing
advertisements that are subject to government censorship and approval, advertising distributors are obligated to verify that such
censorship has been performed and approval has been obtained. Violation of these regulations may result in penalties, including
fines, confiscation of advertising income, orders to cease dissemination of the advertisements and orders to publish an advertisement
correcting the misleading information. In circumstances involving serious violations, the SAIC (currently known as the SAMR) or
its local branches may revoke violators licenses or permits for their advertising business operations. Furthermore, advertisers,
advertising operators or advertising distributors may be subject to civil liability if they infringe on the legal rights and interests
of third parties in the course of their advertising business. 

14 

In October 2013, the SARFT issued a notice
to enhance the management of TV shopping infomercials broadcasted in provincial satellite television stations, which further restricts
the contents, air time and duration of these infomercials. These restrictions have had and may continue to have a negative impact
on our TV advertising business. 

We do not believe that advertisements containing
content subject to restriction or censorship comprise a material portion of the advertisements displayed on our media network.
However, there can be no assurance that each advertisement displayed on our network complies with relevant PRC advertising laws
and regulations. Failure to comply with PRC laws and regulations relating to advertisement content restrictions governing the advertising
industry in China may result in severe penalties. 

Regulation on Intellectual Property 

Regulation on Trademark 

The Trademark Law of the PRC was adopted
at the 24th meeting of the Standing Committee of the Fifth National People s Congress on August 23, 1982 and amended on February
22, 1993, October 27, 2001, August 30, 2013 and November April 23, 2019, respectively. The Trademark Law sets out the guidelines
on administration of trademarks and protection of the exclusive rights of trademark owners. In order to enjoy an exclusive right
to use a trademark, one must register the trademark with the Trademark Bureau of the SAIC (currently known as the SAMR) and obtain
a registration certificate. 

Regulation on Patents 

The Patent Law of the PRC was adopted at
the 4th Meeting of the Standing Committee of the Sixth National People s Congress on March 12, 1984 and subsequently amended
in 1992 and 2000 and 2008. The Patent Law extends protection to three kinds of patents: invention patents, utility patents and
design patents. According to the Implementing Regulations of the Patent Law, promulgated by the State Council of the PRC on June
15, 2001, and subsequently amended in December 28, 2002 and January 9, 2010, respectively, an invention patent refers to a new
technical solution relating to a product, a process or improvement. When compared to existing technology, an invention patent has
prominent substantive features and represents notable progress. A utility patent refers to any new technical solution relating
to the shape, the structure, or their combination, of a product. Utility patents are granted for products only, not processes.
A design patent (or industrial design) refers to any new design of the shape, pattern or color of a product or their combinations,
which creates an aesthetic feeling and are suitable for industrial application. Inventors or designers must register with the State
Intellectual Property Office to obtain patent protection. The term of protection is twenty years for invention patents and ten
years for utility patents and design patents. Unauthorized use of patent constitutes an infringement and the patent holders are
entitled to claims of damages, including royalties, to the extent reasonable, and lost profits. 

Regulation on Copyright 

The Copyright Law of the PRC was adopted
at the 15th Meeting of the Standing Committee of the Seventh National People s Congress on September 7, 1990 and amended
on October 27, 2001and February 26, 2010, respectively. Unlike patent and trademark protection, copyrighted works do not require
registration for protection in China. However, copyright owners may wish to voluntarily register with China s National Copyright
Administration to establish evidence of ownership in the event enforcement actions become necessary. Consent from the copyright
owners and payment of royalties are required for the use of copyrighted works. Copyrights of movies or other audio or video works
usually expire fifty years after their first publication. The amended Copyright Law extends copyright protection to Internet activities,
products disseminated over the Internet and software products. The amended Copyright Law also requires registration of the pledge
of a copyright. 

15 

Regulations on Foreign Currency Exchange 

Foreign Currency Exchange 

Pursuant to the Foreign Currency Administration
Rules promulgated in1996 and most recently amended in August 2008 and various regulations issued by SAFE and other relevant PRC
government authorities, the Renminbi is freely convertible only to the extent of current account items, such as trade-related receipts
and payments, interest and dividends. Capital account items, such as direct equity investments, loans and repatriation of investment,
unless expressly exempted by laws and regulations, require the prior approval from SAFE or its local branch for conversion of the
Renminbi into a foreign currency, such as U.S. dollars, and remittance of the foreign currency outside the PRC. 

Payments for transactions that take place
within the PRC must be made in Renminbi. Domestic companies or individuals can repatriate foreign currency payments received from
abroad or deposit these payments abroad subject to applicable regulations that expressly require repatriation within certain period.
Foreign-invested enterprises may retain foreign exchange in accounts with designated foreign exchange banks subject to a cap set
by SAFE or its local branch. Foreign currencies received under current account items can be either retained or sold to financial
institutions engaged in the foreign exchange settlement or sales business without prior approval from SAFE by complying with relevant
regulations. Foreign exchange income under capital account can be retained or sold to financial institutions engaged in foreign
exchange settlement and sales business, with prior approval from SAFE unless otherwise provided. 

After a Notice on Further Simplifying and
Improving Foreign Exchange Administration Policy on Direct Investment, or SAFE Notice 13, became effective on June 1, 2015,
instead of applying for approvals regarding foreign exchange registrations of foreign direct investment and overseas direct investment
from SAFE, entities and individuals will be required to apply for such foreign exchange registrations from qualified banks. The
qualified banks, under the supervision of SAFE, directly examine the applications and conduct the registration. On October 23,
2019, SAFE issued the Circular on Further Promoting Cross-border Trade and Investment Facilitation, or SAFE Circular 28. Among
others, SAFE Circular 28 relaxes the prior restrictions and allows the foreign-invested enterprises without equity investment as
in their approved business scope to use their capital obtained from foreign exchange settlement to make domestic equity investment
as long as the investments are real and in compliance with the foreign investment-related laws and regulations. In addition, SAFE
Circular 28 stipulates that qualified enterprises in certain pilot areas may use their capital income from registered capital,
foreign debt and overseas listing, for the purpose of domestic payments without providing authenticity certifications to the relevant
banks in advance for those domestic payments. 

Our business operations, which are subject
to the foreign currency exchange regulations, have all been implemented in accordance with these regulations. We will take steps
to ensure that our future operations comply with these regulations. 

Dividend Distribution 

The principal laws, rules and regulations
governing dividends paid by PRC operating subsidiaries and VIEs include the Company Law of the PRC (1993), as amended in 2018 and
the Foreign Investment Law and its Implementation Rules (2019) . Under these laws and
regulations, PRC subsidiaries and VIEs, including wholly owned foreign enterprises, or WFOEs, and domestic companies in China,
may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations.
In addition, its PRC significant subsidiaries and VIEs, including WFOEs and domestic companies, are required to set aside at least
10 of their after-tax profit based on PRC accounting standards each year to their statutory capital reserve fund until the cumulative
amount of such reserve reaches 50 of their respective registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. 

16 

Tax 

On March 16, 2007, the Fifth Session of
the Tenth National People s Congress of PRC passed the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People s Republic of China,
or EIT Law, which became effective on January 1, 2008 and was subsequently amended on February 24, 2017 and December 29, 2018,
respectively. On November 28, 2007, the State Council at the 197th Executive Meeting passed the Regulation on the Implementation
of the Income Tax Law of the People s Republic of China, which became effective on January 1, 2008 and was subsequently amended
on April 23, 2019. The EIT Law adopted a uniform tax rate of 25 for all enterprises (including foreign-invested enterprises)
and revoked the existing tax exemption, reduction and preferential treatments applicable to foreign-invested enterprises. 

Under the EIT Law, enterprises are classified
as either resident enterprises or non-resident enterprises. Pursuant to the EIT Law and the Implementation
Rules, enterprises established under PRC laws, or enterprises established outside China whose de facto management bodies 
are located in China, are considered resident enterprises and subject to the uniform 25 enterprise income tax rate
for their global income. According to the Implementation Rules, de facto management body refers to a managing body
that in practice exercises overall management and control over the production and business, personnel, accounting and assets of
an enterprise. Our management is currently based in China and is expected to remain in China in the future. In addition, although
the EIT Law provides that dividends, bonuses and other equity investment proceeds between qualified resident enterprises 
is exempted income, and the Implementation Rules refer to dividends, bonuses and other equity investment proceeds between
qualified resident enterprises as the investment proceeds obtained by a resident enterprise from its direct investment in
another resident enterprise, however, it is unclear whether our circumstance is eligible for exemption. 

Furthermore, the EIT Law and Implementation
Rules provide that the non-resident enterprises are subject to the enterprise income tax rate of 10 on their income
sourced from China, if such non-resident enterprises (i) do not have establishments or premises of business in China
or (ii) have establishments or premises of business in China, but the relevant income does not have actual connection with their
establishments or premises of business in China. Such income tax may be exempted or reduced by the State Council of the PRC or
pursuant to a tax treaty between China and the jurisdictions in which its non-PRC shareholders reside. Under the Double Tax Avoidance
Arrangement between Hong Kong and Mainland China, if the Hong Kong resident enterprise owns more than 25 of the equity interest
in a company in China, the 10 withholding tax on the dividends the Hong Kong resident enterprise received from such company in
China is reduced to 5 . If China Net HK is considered to be a Hong Kong resident enterprise under the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement
and is considered to be a non-resident enterprise under the EIT Law, the dividends paid to us by Rise King WFOE may
be subject to the reduced income tax rate of 5 under the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement. However, based on the Notice on Certain
Issues with Respect to the Enforcement of Dividend Provisions in Tax Treaties, issued on February 20, 2009 by the State Administration
of Taxation, if the relevant PRC tax authorities determine, in their discretion, that a company benefits from such reduced income
tax rate due to a structure or arrangement that is primarily tax-driven, such PRC tax authorities may adjust the preferential tax
treatment. 

Provisions Regarding Mergers and Acquisitions
of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors 

On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies,
including CSRC, MOC, SAT, SASAC, SAIC (currently known as the SAMR) and SAFE, jointly promulgated the M A Rules, which became
effective on September 8, 2006, and was subsequently amended on June 22, 2009, to regulate foreign investment in PRC domestic
enterprises. The M A Rules provide that the MOC must be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a
foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise and any of the following situations exist: (i) the transaction involves
an important industry in China; (ii) the transaction may affect national economic security or (iii) the PRC domestic
enterprise has a well-known trademark or historical Chinese trade name in China. The M A Rules also contain a provision requiring
offshore SPVs formed for the purpose of the overseas listing of equity interests in PRC companies and controlled directly or indirectly
by PRC companies or individuals, to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to publicly listing their securities on an overseas stock
exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC issued a clarification that sets forth the criteria and procedures for obtaining any
required approval from the CSRC. 

17 

To date, the application of the M A
Rules is unclear. Our PRC counsel has advised us that: 

the CSRC approval requirement applies to SPVs that acquire equity interests in PRC companies through share exchanges and cash,
and seek overseas listings; and 

based on their understanding of the current PRC laws, rules and regulations and the M A Rules, unless there are new PRC
laws and regulations or clear requirements from the CSRC in any form that require the prior approval of the CSRC for the listing
and trading of any overseas SPV s securities on an overseas stock exchange, the M A Rules do not require that we obtain
prior CSRC approval because: (i) the Share Exchange is a purely foreign related transaction governed by foreign laws,
not subject to the jurisdiction of PRC laws and regulations; (ii) we are not a special purpose vehicle formed or controlled by
PRC companies or PRC individuals; and (iii) we are owned or substantively controlled by foreigners. 

However, the interpretation and application
of the M A Rules remain unclear, and the PRC government authorities have the sole discretion to determine whether the transaction
is subject to the approval of the CSRC, especially when taking into consideration of the performance-based incentive option arrangement
by way of the Share Transfer Agreements. If the CSRC or another PRC regulatory agency subsequently determines that CSRC approval
is required for the transaction, we cannot predict how long it would take to obtain the approval. In addition, we may need to apply
for a remedial approval from the CSRC and may be subject to certain administrative or other sanctions from these regulatory agencies. 

Further, new rules and regulations or relevant
interpretations may be issued from time to time that may require us to obtain retroactive approval from the CSRC in connection
with the business combination. If this were to occur, our failure to obtain or delay in obtaining the CSRC approval for the business
combination would subject us to sanctions imposed by the CSRC and other PRC regulatory agencies. These sanctions could include
fines and penalties on our operations in China, restrictions or limitations on our ability to pay dividends outside of China, and
other forms of sanctions that may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If the CSRC or another PRC regulatory agency
subsequently determines that CSRC approval is required for the business combination, we may need to apply for a remedial approval
from the CSRC and may be subject to certain administrative punishments or other sanctions from these regulatory agencies. New rules
and regulations or relevant interpretations may require that we retroactively obtain approval from the CSRC in connection with
the business combination. If this were to occur, our failure to obtain or delay in obtaining the CSRC approval for the transaction
would subject us to sanctions imposed by the CSRC and other PRC regulatory agencies. These sanctions could include fines and penalties
on our operations in China, restrictions or limitations on our ability to pay dividends outside of China, and other forms of sanctions
that may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The M A Rules also established additional
procedures and requirements expected to make merger and acquisition activities in China by foreign investors more time-consuming
and complex, including requirements in some instances that the MOC be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction
in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise. These rules may also require the approval from the MOC
where overseas companies established or controlled by PRC enterprises or residents acquire affiliated domestic companies. Complying
with the requirements of the new regulations to complete such transactions could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes,
including MOC approval, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to expand
our business. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2019, we had 148 full-time
employees, 21 of whom are in sales and marketing, 69 of whom are in operations and support, 39 of whom are in management and administration
and 19 of whom are in technology support and R D. 

18 

We are compliant with local prevailing wage,
contractor licensing and insurance regulations, and have good relations with our employees. 

As required by PRC regulations, we participate
in various employee benefit plans that are organized by municipal and provincial governments, including pension, work-related injury
benefits, maternity insurance, medical and unemployment benefit plans. We are required under PRC laws to make contributions to
the employee benefit plans at specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of our employees, up to a maximum
amount specified by the local government from time to time. Members of the retirement plan are entitled to a pension equal to a
fixed proportion of the salary prevailing at the member s retirement date. 

Generally, we enter into a standard employment
contract with our officers and managers for a set period of years and a standard employment contract with other employees for a
set period of years. According to these contracts, all of our employees are prohibited from engaging in any activities that
compete with our business during the period of their employment with us. Furthermore, the employment contracts with officers
or managers include a covenant that prohibits officers or managers from engaging in any activities that compete with our business
for two years after the period of employment. 

Corporation Information 

Our principal executive offices are located
at No. 9 South Min Zhuang Road, Haidian District, Beijing, PRC. Our telephone number at this address is (86 10) 60846616 and
our fax number is (86 10) 88857816. For more information, see our corporate website at www.chinanet-online.com. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

In addition to the other information
in this Form 10-K, readers should carefully consider the following important factors. These factors, among others, in some cases
have affected, and in the future could affect, our financial condition and results of operations and could cause our future results
to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements that appear in this on Form 10-K or that
we have made or will make elsewhere. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We are susceptible to general economic
conditions, natural catastrophic events and public health crises, and a potential downturn in advertising and marketing spending
by advertisers could adversely affect our operating results in the near future. 

Our business is subject to the impact of
natural catastrophic events, such as earthquakes, or floods, public health crisis, such as disease outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics
in China, and all these could result in a decrease or sharp downturn of economies, including our markets and business locations
in the current and future periods. The outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic in China resulted in increased
travel restrictions, and shutdown of businesses, which has caused slower recovery of the China economy. We may experience
impact from quarantines, market downturns and changes in customer behavior related to pandemic fears and impact on our workforce
if the virus continues to spread. COVID-19 affected a significant number of our workforce employed in our operations, and as a
result we are experiencing a slow resumption of operations and may experience delays or the inability to delivery our service on
a timely basis. In addition, one or more of our customers, partners, service providers or suppliers may experience financial distress,
delayed or defaults on payment, file for bankruptcy protection, sharp diminishing of business, or suffer disruptions in their business
due to the outbreak. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our results will depend on future developments and reactions
in China, which are highly uncertain and will include emerging information concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and
the actions taken by governments and private businesses to attempt to contain the coronavirus. The COVID-19 situation is likely
to result in a potential material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition in the short run
if it has come worse in China. Wider-spread COVID-19 in China and globally could prolong the deterioration in economic conditions
and could cause decreases in or delays in advertising spending and reduce and/or negatively impact our short-term ability to grow
our revenues. Any decreased collectability of accounts receivable, bankruptcy of small and medium businesses, or early termination
of agreements due to deterioration in economic conditions could negatively impact our results of operations. 

19 

We may be subject to, and may expend significant resources
in defending against, government actions and civil suits based on the content and services we provide through our Internet advertising
and data service platforms. 

PRC advertising laws and regulations require
advertisers, advertising operators and advertising distributors, including businesses such as ours, to ensure that the content
of the advertisements they prepare or distribute is fair, accurate and in full compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Although we comply with the requirements by reviewing the business licenses and the profiles of our clients, clients may post advertisements
about business opportunities that are not legitimate and over which we have no control. On April 24, 2015, the Fourteenth Session
of the Standing Committee of the Twelfth National People s Congress adopted the Revised Advertising Law, which became effective
on September 1, 2015 and was further amended on October 26, 2018. The Revised Advertising Law further established the advertisement
standards and restrictions of certain industries, such as: medical instruments, education and training, franchise and investments;
defined separate standards and restrictions for Internet advertisements and reinforced the regulatory responsibilities of the related
competent authorities. We cannot assure you that our operating entities will be fully in compliance with these new rules during
normal course of business. Violation of these laws, rules or regulations may result in penalties, including fines, confiscation
of advertising fees, orders to cease dissemination of the advertisements and orders to publish an advertisement correcting the
misleading information. In circumstances involving serious violations, the PRC government may revoke a violator s license
for its advertising business operations. 

We operate in the advertising and data service industry,
which is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions and advertising trends. 

Advertising and data service spending by
our clients is particularly sensitive to changes in general economic conditions. For example, advertising and data service expenditures
typically decrease during periods of economic downturn. Advertisers may reduce the amount of money they spend to advertise and
obtain precision marketing data and data analysis on/from our advertising and data service platforms for a number of reasons, including: 

a general decline in economic conditions; 

a decline in economic conditions in the particular cities where we conduct business; 

a decision to shift advertising and marketing expenditures to other available less expensive advertising media; and 

a decline in advertising and marketing spending in general. 

A decrease in the demand for advertising
media in general, and for our advertising and marketing services in particular, would materially and adversely affect our ability
to generate revenues, and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We face significant competition, and if we do not compete
successfully against new and existing competitors, we may lose our market share, and our profitability may be adversely affected. 

Increased competition could reduce our profitability
and result in a loss of market share. Some of our existing and potential competitors may have competitive advantages, such as significantly
greater financial, marketing or other resources, and may successfully mimic and adopt our business models. Moreover, increased
competition will provide advertisers with a wider range of media and advertising and marketing service alternatives, which could
lead to lower prices and decreased revenues, gross margins and profits. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully
compete against new or existing competitors. 

Key employees are essential to growing our business. 

Handong Cheng, our chief executive officer
and president, Mark Li, our chief financial officer and George K. Chu, our chief operating officer are essential to our ability
to continue to grow our business. They have established relationships within the industries in which we operate. If they were to
leave us, our growth strategy might be hindered, which could limit our ability to increase revenue. 

20 

In addition, we face competition for attracting
skilled personnel with increasing labor cost. If we fail to attract and retain qualified personnel to meet current and future needs,
this could slow our ability to grow our business, which could result in a decrease in market share. 

We may need additional capital and we may not be able to
obtain it at acceptable terms, or at all, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial position. 

In Note 3 (b) to our Consolidated Financial
Statements included herewith, we disclosed that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within
one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. We intend to improve our cashflow status through improving gross
profit margin, strengthen receivables collection management. If the implementation of these plans cannot provide sufficient cash
to satisfy our requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain more credit facilities. The incurrence
of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would
restrict our operations and liquidity. 

Our ability to obtain additional capital
on acceptable terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including: 

investors perception of, and demand for, securities of alternative advertising media companies; 

conditions of the U.S. and other capital markets in which we may seek to raise funds; 

our future results of operations, financial condition and cash flow; 

PRC governmental regulation of foreign investment in advertising service companies in China; 

economic, political and other conditions in China; and 

PRC governmental policies relating to foreign currency borrowings. 

Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights
could have a negative impact on our business. 

We believe our brand, trade name, copyrights,
domain name and other intellectual property are critical to our success. The success of our business depends in part upon our continued
ability to use our brand, trade names and copyrights to further develop and increase brand awareness. The infringement of our trade
names and copyrights could diminish the value of our brand and its market acceptance, competitive advantages or goodwill. In addition,
our information and operational systems, which have not been patented or otherwise registered as our property, are a key component
of our competitive advantage and our growth strategy. 

Monitoring and preventing the unauthorized
use of our intellectual property is difficult. The measures we take to protect our brand, trade names, copyrights, domain name
and other intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent their unauthorized use by third parties. Furthermore, application
of laws governing intellectual property rights in China and abroad is uncertain and evolving, and could involve substantial risks
to us. If we are unable to adequately protect our brand, trade names, copyrights, domain name and other intellectual property rights,
we may lose these rights and our business may suffer materially. Further, unauthorized use of our brand, domain name or trade names
could cause brand confusion among advertisers and harm our reputation. If our brand recognition decreases, we may lose advertisers
and fail in our expansion strategies, and our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected. 

21 

We rely on computer software and hardware systems in managing
our operations, the failure of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are dependent upon our computer software
and hardware systems in supporting our network and managing and monitoring programs on the network. In addition, we rely on our
computer hardware for the storage, delivery and transmission of the data on our network. Any system failure that interrupts the
input, retrieval and transmission of data or increases the service time could disrupt our normal operation. Any failure in our
computer software or hardware systems could decrease our revenues and harm our relationships with advertisers and consumers, which
in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any failure or interruptions in the internet infrastructure,
bandwidth providers, data center providers, other third parties or our own systems for providing our solutions to customers could
negatively impact our business. 

Our ability
to deliver our solutions is dependent on the development and maintenance of the internet and other telecommunications services
by third parties. Such services include maintenance of a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity and
security for providing reliable internet access and services and reliable telecommunications systems that connect our operations.
While our solutions are designed to operate without interruption, we may experience interruptions and delays in services and availability
from time to time. We rely on systems as well as third-party vendors, including data center, bandwidth, and telecommunications
equipment providers, to provide our solutions. We do not maintain redundant systems or facilities for some of these services. In
the event of a catastrophic event with respect to one or more of these systems or facilities, we may experience an extended period
of system unavailability, which could negatively impact our relationship with our customers. 

Privacy and data security concerns, laws, or other regulations
could expose us to liability or impair our operations. 

Privacy and
data security are rapidly evolving areas of concern and regulation. Changes in laws restricting or otherwise governing data and
transfer thereof could be difficult to comply with, result in increased costs, or impair our operations. Security measures that
we implement may fail due to third-party attack, employee error or sabotage, or other causes. Hacking techniques change frequently
and therefore can be difficult to prevent. In addition, service providers could suffer security breaches or data losses that affect
our customers information. A security breach could damage our reputation, resulting in loss of customers or reluctance of
potential customers to try our platform, or civil or criminal liability. 

If we are unable to maintain appropriate internal financial
reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in the restatement of our
financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common Stock. 

Effective internal controls are necessary
for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system of internal control over financial
reporting, which is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

As a public company, we have significant
additional requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. We are required to document and test
our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires
annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. The process of designing
and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our
business and the economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls
that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company. 

Our management will continue to evaluate
the effectiveness of our overall control environment and will continue to refine existing controls as they, in conjunction with
the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, chief executive officer and chief financial officer, consider necessary. We cannot
assure you that we will not, in the future, identify areas requiring improvement in our internal control over financial reporting. We
cannot assure you that the measures we will take to remediate any areas in need of improvement will be successful or that we will
implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future as we continue our growth. 
If we are unable to maintain appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet
our reporting obligations, result in the restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to regulatory
scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the
market price for shares of our Common Stock. 

22 

Our blockchain business is at an early stage and the PRC
laws and regulations may have a potential effect. 

As
an initiation of our Business Opportunity Social Ecosystem, w e are in the process of developing our Business Opportunity
Chain platform based on the blockchain technology to facilitate our company s business. The laws and regulations governing
the blockchain in China are developing and evolving and subject to changes. 

The PRC government adopts a positive attitude
to the blockchain technology and it has been mentioned several times in the national strategy reports. However, for the initial
coin offering (the ICO which may appear in the most blockchain projects, the PRC government authorities have strictly
prohibited the ICO and any similar activities within the PRC by issuing the Announcement of the People's Bank of China, the Office
of the Central Leading Group for Cyberspace Affairs, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and Other Departments
on Preventing the Financing Risks of Initial Coin Offerings on September 4, 2017. The Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission,
the Office of the Central Cyberspace Affairs Commission, the Ministry of Public Security, the People's Bank of China and the State
Administration for Market Regulation also issued the Risk Warning for Preventing Illegal Fundraising in the Name of Virtual
Currency or Blockchain on August 24, 2018. The Internet Finance Association of China also issued a series of
notices to remind the potential risks of ICO and the cryptocurrency trading to the PRC residents, including the Risk Warning on
Guarding against the Virtual Currency such as Bitcoin on September 13, 2017, Risk Warning on Guarding against the Disguised
Initial Coin Offering Activities on January 12, 2018 and Risk Warning on Guarding against the Offshore Initial Coin Offering Activities
and the Cryptocurrency Trading on January 26, 2018. 

We do not plan to initiate any ICO in China
or any other jurisdictions. We have been advised by our PRC counsel, as long as we do not issue any virtual currency coins, we
only need to record filing as required by the Cyberspace Administration of China's Regulations on the Management of Blockchain
Information Services that went into effect on February 15, 2019. We do not believe that such record filing procedure will have
a material effect on our blockchain-powered platform. However, as the laws and regulations governing the blockchain in China are
developing and evolving and subject to changes, we cannot assure you that that our blockchain technology related business will
continue to be compliance with the PRC law. If our practice is deemed to have violated any PRC law or regulations, our blockchain
related business would be materially and adversely affected. 

Given the continuing changing of the regulation
regime and the government policy of this area in the PRC, an overall limited industry experiences in developing and operating a
blockchain-powered platform, and our lack of operating history to serve as an transaction facilitation and verification services
provider, our ability to generate substantial revenue from the blockchain-powered platform upon its launch remains unproven. It
may be difficult for you to evaluate its performance and prospects. 

Risks Relating to Regulation of
Our Business and to Our Structure 

If the PRC government finds that the agreements that establish
the structure for operating our China business do not comply with PRC governmental restrictions on foreign investment in the advertising
industry, we could be subject to severe penalties. 

Our operations are substantially conducted
through our PRC Operating Entities, or VIEs, and through our contractual agreements with each of our PRC Operating Entities in
China. PRC regulations restrict foreign investments in value-added telecommunication services, including providing Internet information
services ICP and used to have restrictions on foreign investments in advertising business, which was lifted on
June 29, 2015. In consideration of the restrictions on foreign investments in ICP and advertising business, our whole-owned subsidiary
in China, Rise King WFOE, is ineligible to apply for the required licenses for providing Internet information services and was
ineligible to apply for the required licenses for providing advertising services in China before June 29, 2015. Our PRC Operating
Entities hold the requisite licenses and permits to provide Internet information services and advertising services in China. We
have been and are expected to continue to be dependent on these PRC Operating Entities to operate our ICP and advertising business
for the foreseeable future. We have entered into Contractual Agreements with the PRC Operating Entities, pursuant to which we,
through Rise King WFOE, provide technical support and consulting services to the PRC Operating Entities. In addition, we have entered
into agreements with our PRC Operating Entities and each of their shareholders which provide us with the substantial ability to
control these affiliates. 

23 

As discussed above, the Foreign Investment
Law, which came into effect on January 1, 2020, replaced the trio of existing laws regulating foreign investment in China, together
with their implementation rules and ancillary regulations. The Foreign Investment Law stipulates three forms of foreign investment
but does not explicitly stipulate the contractual arrangements under the VIE structure as a form of foreign investment. The Foreign
Investment Law also stipulates that foreign investment includes foreign investors invest in China through any other methods
under laws, administrative regulations, or provisions prescribed by the State Council. 

Since the Foreign Investment Law is relatively
new, uncertainties still exist in relation to its interpretation and implementation. There is no assurance that foreign investment
via contractual arrangements would not be interpreted as a type of indirect foreign investment activities under the Foreign Investment
Law in the future. 

If our contractual arrangements will be
deemed to be in violation of the market access requirements for foreign investment under the PRC laws and regulations, or furthermore
we will fail to complete any actions to be taken by companies with respect to existing contractual arrangements as mandated by
future laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the State Council in a timely manner, or at all, the relevant
PRC regulatory authorities, including the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, or SAIC, (currently known as SAMR), the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Or MIIT, which regulates ICP and advertising companies, would have broad discretion
in dealing with such violations, including: 

revoking the business and operating licenses of Rise King WFOE and/or the PRC Operating Entities; 

discontinuing or restricting the operations of Rise King WFOE and/or the PRC Operating Entities; 

imposing conditions or requirements with which we, Rise King WFOE and/or our PRC Operating Entities may not be able to comply;
or 

requiring us or Rise King WFOE and/or PRC Operating Entities to restructure the relevant ownership structure or operations. 

The imposition of any of these penalties
would result in a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business and would have a material adverse impact on
our cash flows, financial position and operating performance. 

We rely on contractual arrangements with the PRC Operating
Entities and their shareholders for our China operations, which may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct
ownership. 

We rely on contractual arrangements with
our PRC Operating Entities and their shareholders to operate our ICP and advertising business. These contractual arrangements may
not be as effective in providing us with control over the PRC Operating Entities as direct ownership. If we had direct ownership
of the PRC Operating Entities, we would be able to exercise our rights as a shareholder to effect changes in the board of directors
of those companies, which in turn could affect changes, subject to any applicable fiduciary obligations, at the management level.
However, under the current contractual arrangements, as a legal matter, if the PRC Operating Entities or any of their subsidiaries
and shareholders fail to perform its or their respective obligations under these contractual arrangements, we may have to incur
substantial costs and resources to enforce such arrangements, and rely on legal remedies under PRC laws, including seeking specific
performance or injunctive relief, and claiming damages, which we cannot assure you to be effective. Accordingly, it may be difficult
for us to change our corporate structure or to bring claims against the PRC Operating Entities if they do not perform their obligations
under its contracts with us or if any of the PRC citizens who hold the equity interest in the PRC Operating Entities do not cooperate
with any such actions. 

24 

Many of these contractual arrangements are
governed by PRC laws and provide for the resolution of disputes through either arbitration or litigation in the PRC. Accordingly,
these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with PRC laws and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal
procedures. The legal environment in the PRC is not as developed as in other jurisdictions, such as the United States. As a result,
uncertainties in the PRC legal system could limit our ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. In the event we are unable
to enforce these contractual arrangements, we may not be able to exert effective control over our operating entities, and our ability
to conduct our business may be negatively affected. In addition, a PRC court or arbitration tribunal may refuse to enforce the
contractual arrangements on the grounds that they are designed to circumvent PRC foreign investment restrictions and therefore
are against PRC public policy. 

Contractual arrangements we have entered into among the
PRC Operating Entities may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and a finding that we owe additional taxes or are
ineligible for our tax exemption, or both, could substantially increase our taxes owed, and reduce our net income and the value
of your investment. 

Under PRC law, arrangements and transactions
among related parties may be subject to audit or challenge by the PRC tax authorities. If any of the transactions we have entered
into among our subsidiaries and affiliated entities are found not to be on an arm s-length basis, or to result in an unreasonable
reduction in tax under PRC law, the PRC tax authorities have the authority to disallow our tax savings, adjust the profits and
losses of our respective PRC entities and assess late payment interest and penalties. 

If any of our PRC Operating Entities incurs
debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other
distributions to us. In addition, the PRC tax authorities may require us to adjust our taxable income under the contractual arrangements
with the PRC Operating Entities we currently have in place in a manner that would materially and adversely affect the PRC Operating
Entities ability to pay dividends and other distributions to us. Furthermore, relevant PRC laws and regulations permit payments
of dividends by the PRC Operating Entities only out of their retained earnings, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations. Under PRC laws and regulations, each of the PRC Operating Entities is also required to set aside a portion
of its net income each year to fund specific reserve funds. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. In addition,
subject to certain cumulative limits, the statutory general reserve fund requires annual appropriations of 10 of after-tax income
to be set aside prior to payment of dividends. As a result of these PRC laws and regulations, the PRC Operating Entities are restricted
in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to us whether in the form of dividends, loans or advances. Any limitation
on the ability of the PRC Operating Entities to pay dividends to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make
investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our businesses, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

Risks Associated With Doing Business
In China 

There are substantial risks associated with doing business in
China, as set forth in the following risk factors. 

Our operations and assets in China are subject to significant
political and economic uncertainties. 

Changes in PRC laws and regulations, or
their interpretation, or the imposition of confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency conversion, imports and sources of supply,
devaluations of currency or the nationalization or other expropriation of private enterprises could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Under its current leadership, the Chinese government has been pursuing
economic reform policies that encourage private economic activity and greater economic decentralization. There is no assurance,
however, that the Chinese government will continue to pursue these policies, or that it will not significantly alter these policies
from time to time without notice. 

25 

We derive a substantial portion of our sales from China. 

We derive a substantially portion of our
sales from China. We anticipate that sales of our services in China will continue to represent a substantial proportion of our
total sales in the near future. Any significant decline in the condition of the PRC economy could adversely affect consumer demand
of our services, among other things, which in turn would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Currency fluctuations and restrictions on currency exchange
may adversely affect our business, including limiting our ability to convert Chinese Renminbi into foreign currencies and, if Chinese
Renminbi were to decline in value, reducing our revenue in U.S. dollar terms. 

Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar
and our operations in China use the local currency as their functional currencies. We are subject to the effects of exchange rate
fluctuations with respect to any of these currencies. For example, the value of the Renminbi depends to a large extent on Chinese
government policies and China s domestic and international economic and political developments, as well as supply and demand
in the local market. On July 21, 2005, the Chinese government changed its policy of pegging the value of Chinese Renminbi to the
U.S. dollar. Under the new policy, Chinese Renminbi may fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain
foreign currencies. It is possible that the Chinese government could adopt a more flexible currency policy, which could result
in more significant fluctuation of Chinese Renminbi against the U.S. dollar. We can offer no assurance that Chinese Renminbi will
be stable against the U.S. dollar or any other foreign currency. 

The income statements of our operations
are translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in each applicable period. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens
against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currencies denominated transactions results in reduced revenue, operating
expenses and net income for our international operations. Similarly, to the extent the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies,
the translation of these foreign currency denominated transactions results in increased revenue, operating expenses and net income
for our international operations. We are also exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we convert the financial statements
of our foreign operating subsidiaries and VIEs into U.S. dollars in consolidation. If there is a change in foreign currency exchange
rates, the conversion of the foreign subsidiaries and VIEs financial statements into U.S. dollars will lead to a translation
gain or loss which is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. In addition, we have certain assets and liabilities
that are denominated in currencies other than the relevant entity s functional currency. Changes in the functional currency
value of these assets and liabilities create fluctuations that will lead to a transaction gain or loss. We have not entered
into agreements or purchased instruments to hedge our exchange rate risks, although we may do so in the future. The availability
and effectiveness of any hedging transaction may be limited and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exchange rate risks. 

Although Chinese governmental policies were
introduced in 1996 to allow the convertibility of Chinese Renminbi into foreign currency for current account items, conversion
of Chinese Renminbi into foreign exchange for capital items, such as foreign direct investment, loans or securities, requires the
approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, which is under the authority of the People s Bank of China.
These approvals, however, do not guarantee the availability of foreign currency conversion. We cannot be sure that we will be able
to obtain all required conversion approvals for our operations or those Chinese regulatory authorities will not impose greater
restrictions on the convertibility of Chinese Renminbi in the future. Because a significant amount of our future revenue may be
in the form of Chinese Renminbi, our inability to obtain the requisite approvals or any future restrictions on currency exchanges
could limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in Chinese Renminbi to fund our business activities outside of China, or to
repay foreign currency obligations, including our debt obligations, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

We may have limited legal recourse under PRC laws if disputes
arise under our contracts with third parties. 

The Chinese government has enacted laws
and regulations dealing with matters such as corporate organization and governance, foreign investment, commerce, taxation and
trade. However, their experience in implementing, interpreting and enforcing these laws and regulations is limited, and our ability
to enforce commercial claims or to resolve commercial disputes is unpredictable. If our new business ventures are unsuccessful,
or other adverse circumstances arise from these transactions, we face the risk that the parties to these ventures may seek ways
to terminate the transactions, or, may hinder or prevent us from accessing important information regarding the financial and business
operations of these acquired companies. The resolution of these matters may be subject to the exercise of considerable discretion
by agencies of the Chinese government, and forces unrelated to the legal merits of a particular matter or dispute may influence
their determination. Any rights we may have to specific performance, or to seek an injunction under PRC law, in either of these
cases, are severely limited, and without a means of recourse by virtue of the Chinese legal system, we may be unable to prevent
these situations from occurring. The occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

26 

We must comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 

We are required to comply with the United
States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits U.S. companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign
officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Foreign companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject
to these prohibitions. If our competitors engage in these practices, they may receive preferential treatment from personnel of
some companies, giving our competitors an advantage in securing business or from government officials who might give them priority
in obtaining new licenses, which would put us at a disadvantage. Although we inform our personnel that such practices are illegal,
we cannot assure you that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible.
If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties. 

Changes in foreign exchange regulations in the PRC may
affect our ability to pay dividends in foreign currency or conduct other foreign exchange business. 

The Renminbi is not a freely convertible
currency, and the restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability to use revenues generated in Renminbi to fund our business
activities outside the PRC or to make dividends or other payments in United States dollars. The PRC government strictly regulates
conversion of Renminbi into foreign currencies. Over the years, foreign exchange regulations in the PRC have significantly reduced
the government s control over routine foreign exchange transactions under current accounts. In the PRC, the State Administration
for Foreign Exchange, or the SAFE, regulates the conversion of the Renminbi into foreign currencies. Pursuant to applicable PRC
laws and regulations, foreign invested enterprises incorporated in the PRC are required to apply for foreign exchange registration
certificates. Currently, conversion within the scope of the current account (e.g. remittance of foreign currencies
for payment of dividends, etc.) can be effected without requiring the approval of SAFE. However, conversion of currency in
the capital account (e.g. for capital items such as direct investments, loans, securities, etc.) still requires the
approval of SAFE. 

PRC regulations relating to mergers and acquisitions of
domestic enterprises by foreign investors may increase the administrative burden we face and create regulatory uncertainties. 

On August 8, 2006, the Ministry of Commerce
(the MOC ), joined by the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC ), State-owned Assets Supervision
and Administration Commission of the State Council (the SASAC ), the State Administration of Taxation (the SAT ),
the State Administration of Industry and Commerce (the SAIC , currently known as the SAMR), and SAFE, jointly promulgated
a rule entitled the Provisions Regarding Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors (the M A
Rules ), which took effect as of September 8, 2006 and was subsequently amended on June 22, 2009. This regulation,
among other things, has certain provisions that require special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, formed for the purpose of acquiring
PRC domestic companies and controlled by PRC individuals, to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to publicly listing their securities
on an overseas stock market. However, the regulation does not expressly provide that approval from the CSRC is required for the
offshore listing of the SPV which acquires, directly or indirectly, equity interest or shares of domestic PRC entities held by
domestic companies or individuals by cash payment, nor does it expressly provide that approval from CSRC is not required for the
offshore listing of a SPV which has fully completed its acquisition of equity interest of domestic PRC equity prior to September
8, 2006. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published on its official website a notice specifying the documents and materials that
are required to be submitted for obtaining CSRC approval. 

It is not clear whether the provisions in
the regulation regarding the offshore listing and trading of the securities of a SPV applies to an offshore company such as us
which owns controlling contractual interest in the PRC Operating Entities. We believe that the M A Rules and the CSRC approval
are not required in the context of the share exchange under our transaction because (i) such share exchange is a purely foreign
related transaction governed by foreign laws, not subject to the jurisdiction of PRC laws and regulations; (ii) we are not a SPV
formed or controlled by PRC companies or PRC individuals; and (iii) we are owned or substantively controlled by foreigners. However,
we cannot be certain that the relevant PRC government agencies, including the CSRC, would reach the same conclusion, and we still
cannot rule out the possibility that CSRC may deem that the transactions effected by the share exchange circumvented the M A
rules, the PRC Securities Law and other rules and notices. 

27 

If the CSRC or another PRC regulatory agency
subsequently determines that the CSRC s approval is required for the transaction, we may face sanctions by the CSRC or another
PRC regulatory agency. If this happens, these regulatory agencies may impose fines and penalties on our operations in the PRC,
limit our operating privileges in the PRC, delay or restrict the repatriation of the proceeds from this offering into the PRC,
restrict or prohibit payment or remittance of dividends to us or take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects, as well as the trading price of our shares.
The CSRC or other PRC regulatory agencies may also take actions requiring us, or making it advisable for us, to delay or cancel
the transaction. 

The M A Rules, along with foreign exchange
regulations discussed in the above subsection, will be interpreted or implemented by the relevant government authorities in connection
with our future offshore financings or acquisitions, and we cannot predict how they will affect our acquisition strategy. For example,
our operating companies ability to remit dividends to us, or to engage in foreign-currency-denominated borrowings, may be
conditioned upon compliance with the SAFE registration requirements by such Chinese domestic residents, over whom we may have no
control. In addition, such Chinese domestic residents may be unable to complete the necessary approval and registration procedures
required by the SAFE regulations. Such uncertainties may restrict our ability to implement our acquisition strategy and adversely
affect our business and prospects. 

Future inflation in China may inhibit our activity to conduct
business in China. 

In recent years, the Chinese economy has
experienced periods of rapid expansion and high rates of inflation. These factors have led to the adoption by Chinese government,
from time to time, of various corrective measures designed to restrict the availability of credit or regulate growth and contain
inflation. High inflation may in the future cause Chinese government to impose controls on credit and/or prices, or to take
other action, which could inhibit economic activity in China, and thereby harm the market for our services. 

The enforcement of the PRC Labor Contract Law and other
labor-related regulations in the PRC may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The Standing Committee of the National People s
Congress enacted the Labor Contract Law on January 2008 and amended it on December 28, 2012. The Labor Contract Law introduced
specific provisions related to fixed-term employment contracts, part-time employment, probationary periods, consultation with labor
unions and employee assemblies, employment without a written contract, dismissal of employees, severance, and collective bargaining
to enhance previous PRC labor laws. Under the Labor Contract Law, an employer is obligated to sign an unlimited-term labor contract
with any employee who has worked for the employer for ten consecutive years. Further, if an employee requests or agrees to renew
a fixed-term labor contract that has already been entered into twice consecutively, the resulting contract, with certain exceptions,
must have an unlimited term. With certain exceptions, an employer must pay severance to an employee where a labor contract is terminated
or expires. In addition, PRC governmental authorities have continued to introduce various new labor-related regulations since the
effectiveness of the Labor Contract Law. 

Under the PRC Social Insurance Law and the
Administrative Measures on Housing Fund, employees are required to participate in pension insurance, work-related injury insurance,
medical insurance, unemployment insurance, maternity insurance and housing funds and employers are required, together with their
employees or separately, to pay the social insurance premiums and housing funds for their employees. 

These laws designed to enhance labor protection
tend to increase our labor costs. In addition, as the interpretation and implementation of these regulations are still evolving,
our employment practices may not be at all times be deemed in compliance with the regulations. As a result, we could be subject
to penalties or incur significant liabilities in connection with labor disputes or investigations, which could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

28 

We may have difficulty establishing adequate management,
legal and financial controls in the PRC. 

We may have difficulty in hiring and retaining
a sufficient number of qualified employees to work in the PRC. As a result of these factors, we may experience difficulty
in establishing management, legal and financial controls, collecting financial data and preparing financial statements, books of
account and corporate records and instituting business practices that meet Western standards. We may have difficulty establishing
adequate management, legal and financial controls in the PRC. 

You may experience difficulties in effecting service of
legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions in China based on United States or other foreign laws against
us and our management. 

We conduct a substantial portion of our
operations in China and a substantial portion of our assets are located in China. In addition, some of our directors and executive
officers reside within China. As a result, it may not be possible to effect service of process within the United States or elsewhere
outside China upon some of our directors and senior executive officers, including with respect to matters arising under U.S. federal
securities laws or applicable state securities laws. It would also be difficult for investors to bring an original lawsuit against
us or our directors or executive officers before a Chinese court based on U.S. federal securities laws or otherwise. Moreover,
China does not have treaties with the United States or many other countries providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement
of judgment of courts. 

PRC enterprise income tax law could adversely affect our
business and our net income. 

On March 16, 2007, the National People s
Congress of the PRC passed the revised Enterprise Income Tax Law (or EIT Law), which took effect on of January 1, 2008 and was
subsequently amended on February 24, 2017 and December 29, 2018, respectively. The EIT Law imposes a unified income tax rate of
25 on all companies established in China. Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside of the PRC with de facto
management bodies within the PRC is considered as a resident enterprise and will normally be subject to the enterprise income
tax at the rate of 25 on its global income. The EIT Law, however, does not define the term de facto management bodies. 
If the PRC tax authorities subsequently determine that we should be classified as a resident enterprise, then our global income
will be subject to PRC income tax at a tax rate of 25 . 

With the introduction of the EIT Law, China
has resumed imposition of a withholding tax (10 in the absence of a bilateral tax treaty or new domestic regulation reducing such
withholding tax rate to a lower rate). Per the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement between Hong Kong and Mainland China, a Hong
Kong company as the investor, which is considered a non-resident enterprise under the EIT Law, may enjoy the reduced
withholding tax rate of 5 if it holds more than 25 equity interest in its PRC subsidiary. As China Net HK is the sole shareholder
of Rise King WFOE, substantially all of our income will derive from dividends we receive from Rise King WFOE through China Net
HK. When we declare dividends from the income in the PRC, we cannot assure whether such dividends may be taxed at a reduced
withholding tax rate of 5 per the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement between Hong Kong and Mainland China as the PRC tax authorities
may regard our China Net HK as a shell company formed only for tax purposes and still deem Rise King WFOE in the PRC as the subsidiary
directly owned by us. Based on the Notice on Certain Issues with respect to the Enforcement of Dividend Provisions in Tax Treaties,
issued on February 20, 2009 by the State Administration of Taxation, if the relevant PRC tax authorities determine, in their discretion,
that a company benefits from such reduced income tax rate due to a structure or arrangement that is primarily tax-driven, such
PRC tax authorities may adjust the preferential tax treatment. 

Investors should note that the EIT Law provides
only a framework of the enterprise tax provisions, leaving many details on the definitions of numerous terms as well as the interpretation
and specific applications of various provisions unclear and unspecified. Any increase in our tax rate in the future could
have a material adverse effect on our financial conditions and results of operations. 

29 

Under the EIT Law, we may be classified as a resident
enterprise of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and holders of our securities. 

Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established
outside of China with its de facto management body in China is considered a resident enterprise, meaning
that it can be treated the same as a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law
defines de facto management body as an organization that exercises substantial and overall management and
control over the production and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties of an enterprise. Currently no interpretation
or application of the EIT Law and its implementing rules is available, therefore it is unclear how tax authorities will determine
tax residency based on the facts of each case. 

If the PRC tax authorities determine that
China Net is a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences
could follow. First, we will be subject to enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 on our worldwide income as well as PRC enterprise
income tax reporting obligations. This would mean that income such as interest on offering proceeds and other non-China source
income would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 . Second, although under the EIT Law and its implementing
rules dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries would qualify as tax-exempt income, we cannot guarantee that such
dividends will not be subject to a 10 withholding tax, as the PRC foreign exchange control authorities, which enforce the withholding
tax, have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound remittances to entities that are treated as resident
enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. Finally, a 10 withholding tax will be imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC
shareholders. 

Our Chinese operating companies are obligated to withhold
and pay PRC individual income tax in respect of the salaries and other income received by their employees who are subject to PRC
individual income tax. If they fail to withhold or pay such individual income tax in accordance with applicable PRC regulations,
they may be subject to certain sanctions and other penalties, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Under PRC laws, Rise King WFOE and the PRC
Operating Entities will be obligated to withhold and pay individual income tax in respect of the salaries and other income received
by their employees who are subject to PRC individual income tax. Such companies may be subject to certain sanctions and other liabilities
under PRC laws in case of failure to withhold and pay individual income taxes for its employees in accordance with the applicable
laws. 

In addition, the SAT has issued several
circulars concerning employee stock options. Under these circulars, employees working in the PRC (which could include both PRC
employees and expatriate employees subject to PRC individual income tax) are required to pay PRC individual income tax in respect
of their income derived from exercising or otherwise disposing of their stock options. Our PRC entities will be obligated to file
documents related to employee stock options with relevant tax authorities and withhold and pay individual income taxes for those
employees who exercise their stock options. While tax authorities may advise us that our policy is compliant, they may change their
policy, and we could be subject to sanctions. 

Because Chinese laws will govern almost all of our business 
material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our rights within the PRC or elsewhere, which could result in a significant
loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

The Chinese legal system is similar to a
civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike common law systems, it is a system in which decided legal cases have little
precedential value. Although legislation in the PRC over the past 40 years has significantly improved the protection afforded to
various forms of foreign investment and contractual arrangements in the PRC, these laws, regulations and legal requirements are
relatively new. Due to the limited volume of published judicial decisions, their non-binding nature, the short history since their
enactments, the discrete understanding of the judges or government agencies of the same legal provision, inconsistent professional
abilities of the judicators, and the inclination to protect local interest in the court rooms, interpretation and enforcement of
PRC laws and regulations involve uncertainties, which could limit the legal protection available to us, and foreign investors,
including you. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss
of business, business opportunities or capital and could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition,
and results of operations. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of
which are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our
violation of these policies and rules until a period of time after the violation. In addition, any litigation in the PRC, regardless
of outcome, may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. 

30 

The non-U.S. activities of our non-U.S. subsidiaries and
VIEs may be subject to U.S. taxation. 

We conduct a substantial portion of our
business through our operating subsidiaries and VIEs in China and are subject to income tax in the PRC. ChinaNet Online Holdings,
Inc. is a Nevada corporation and is subject to income tax in the United States. New U.S. federal tax legislation, commonly referred
to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the U.S. Tax Reform ), was signed into law on December 22, 2017. The U.S. Tax
Reform significantly modified the U.S. Internal Revenue Code by, among other things, reducing the statutory U.S. federal corporate
income tax rate from 35 to 21 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017; limiting and/or eliminating many business
deductions; migrating the U.S. to a territorial tax system with a one-time transition tax on a mandatory deemed repatriation of
previously deferred foreign earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries; subject to certain limitations, generally eliminating U.S.
corporate income tax on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; and providing for new taxes on certain foreign earnings. 

The U.S. Tax Reform includes provisions
for a new tax on global intangible low-taxed income GILTI effective for tax years of non-U.S. corporations beginning
after December 31, 2017. The GILTI provisions impose a tax on foreign income in excess of a deemed return on tangible assets
of controlled foreign corporations CFCs ), subject to the possible use of foreign tax credits and a deduction equal
to 50 percent to offset the income tax liability, subject to some limitations. The new GILTI tax would be imposed on us when
our subsidiaries and VIEs that are CFCs generate income that is subject to Subpart F of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code beginning
after December 31, 2017, and any such resulting U.S. corporate income tax imposed on us would reduce our consolidated net income. 

Risks Related to our Securities 

Insiders have substantial control over us, and they could
delay or prevent a change in our corporate control even if our other stockholders wanted it to occur. 

Our executive officers, directors, and principal
stockholders hold approximately 27 of our outstanding Common Stock. Accordingly, these stockholders are able to exert substantial
influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate
transactions. This could delay or prevent an outside party from acquiring or merging with us even if our other stockholders
wanted it to occur. 

There may not be sufficient liquidity in the market for
our securities in order for investors to sell their securities. 

There is currently only a limited public
market for our Common Stock and there can be no assurance that a trading market will develop further or be maintained in the future. As
of May 25, 2020, the closing trade price of our Common Stock was 0.92 per share. As of May 25, 2020,
we had approximately 660 shareholders of record of our Common Stock, not including shares held in street name. In addition,
during the past two fiscal years our Common Stock has had a trading range with a low price of 1.06 per share and a high price
of 9.34 per share. 

The market price of our Common Stock may be volatile. 

The market price of our Common Stock has
been and will likely continue to be highly volatile, as is the stock market in general. Some of the factors that may materially
affect the market price of our Common Stock are beyond our control, such as changes in financial estimates by industry and securities
analysts, conditions or trends in the industry in which we operate or sales of our common stock. These factors may materially adversely
affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our performance. In addition, the public stock markets have experienced
extreme price and trading volume volatility particularly for companies whose primary operations are located in the PRC. This volatility
has significantly affected the market prices of securities of many companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the operating
performance of the specific companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

31 

The outstanding options and warrants may adversely affect
us in the future and cause dilution to existing stockholders. 

We currently have common stock purchase
options outstanding to purchase up to 755,216 shares of our Common Stock in the aggregate issued to our management, executive directors
and employees, subject to forfeiture upon an employee's cessation of employment at the discretion of the Company. The exercise
prices of these options range from 2.10 to 3.00 per share, of which 277,976 shares of common stock purchase options will expire
on November 29, 2021, and the remaining 477,240 shares of common stock purchase options will expire on September 14, 2020. We also
have warrants outstanding to purchase up to 774,000 shares of our Common Stock, of which 645,000 warrants will expire on July 17,
2020 and the remaining 129,000 warrants will expire on January 17, 2021. The exercise price of these warrants is 1.4927 per share,
subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. Exercise of these options and warrants may cause dilution in the interests of other
stockholders as a result of the additional Common Stock that would be issued upon exercise. In addition, sales of the shares of
our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of these options and warrants could have a depressive effect on the price of our stock,
particularly if there is not a coinciding increase in demand by purchasers of our Common Stock. Further, the terms on which we
may obtain additional financing during the period any of these options and warrants remain outstanding may be adversely affected
by the existence of these options and warrants as well. 

We may need additional capital and may sell additional
securities or other equity securities or incur indebtedness, which could result in additional dilution to our shareholders or increase
our debt service obligations. 

We may require additional cash resources
due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue.
If our cash resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities
or obtain a credit facility. The sale of additional equity securities or equity-linked debt securities could result in additional
dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result
in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that financing will be available
in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

We have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect
to pay dividends in the future, and any return on investment may be limited to the value of our stock. 

We have never paid any cash dividends on
our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and any return on
investment may be limited to the value of our stock. We plan to retain any future earning to finance growth. 

Techniques employed by manipulative short sellers in Chinese
small cap stocks may drive down the market price of our common stock. 

Short selling is the practice of selling
securities that the seller does not own but rather has, supposedly, borrowed from a third party with the intention of buying identical
securities back at a later date to return to the lender. The short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value of the securities
between the sale of the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller expects to
pay less in that purchase than it received in the sale. As it is therefore in the short seller s best interests for
the price of the stock to decline, many short sellers (sometime known as disclosed shorts publish, or arrange for
the publication of, negative opinions regarding the relevant issuer and its business prospects in order to create negative market
momentum and generate profits for themselves after selling a stock short. While traditionally these disclosed shorts were
limited in their ability to access mainstream business media or to otherwise create negative market rumors, the rise of the Internet
and technological advancements regarding document creation, videotaping and publication by weblog blogging have
allowed many disclosed shorts to publicly attack a company s credibility, strategy and veracity by means of so-called research
reports that mimic the type of investment analysis performed by large Wall Street firm and independent research analysts. 
These short attacks have, in the past, led to selling of shares in the market, on occasion in large scale and broad base. 
Issuers with business operations based in China and who have limited trading volumes and are susceptible to higher volatility levels
than U.S. domestic large-cap stocks, can be particularly vulnerable to such short attacks. 

32 

These short seller publications are not
regulated by any governmental, self-regulatory organization or other official authority in the U.S., are not subject to the certification
requirements imposed by the Securities and Exchange Commission in Regulation AC (Regulation Analyst Certification) and, accordingly,
the opinions they express may be based on distortions of actual facts or, in some cases, fabrications of facts. In light
of the limited risks involved in publishing such information, and the enormous profit that can be made from running just one successful
short attack, unless the short sellers become subject to significant penalties, it is more likely than not that disclosed shorts
will continue to issue such reports. 

While we intend to strongly defend our public
filings against any such short seller attacks, oftentimes we are constrained, either by principles of freedom of speech, applicable
state law (often called Anti-SLAPP statutes ), or issues of commercial confidentiality, in the manner in which we
can proceed against the relevant short seller. You should be aware that in light of the relative freedom to operate that such
persons enjoy oftentimes blogging from outside the U.S. with little or no assets or identity requirements should
we be targeted for such an attack, our stock will likely suffer from a temporary, or possibly long term, decline in market price
should the rumors created not be dismissed by market participants. 

The NASDAQ may delist our securities from quotation on
its exchange which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

Our Common Stock is traded on the Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC NASDAQ ), a national securities exchange. On April 21, 2020, we received a notice (the Notice from The Nasdaq indicating that its common stock (the Common Stock ), fails to comply with the 1.00 minimum bid price
required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) based upon the closing bid price
of the Common Stock for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the Notice. The Nasdaq rules provide us a compliance
period of 180 calendar days in which to regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2) which would have been by October 18, 2020. The Notice
also states that, due to current market conditions, Nasdaq has determined to toll the commencement of the compliance period for
the minimum bid price requirement through June 30, 2020. As a result, the date by which we have to regain compliance with the minimum
bid price requirement was extended to December 28, 2020. To regain compliance, the minimum bid price of the Common Stock must meet
or exceed 1.00 per share for a minimum ten consecutive business days at any point prior to December 28, 2020, at which point Nasdaq
would provide written confirmation to us and close the matter. Our failure to regain compliance prior to December 28, 2020 could
result in delisting of our Common Stock from the NASDAQ. 

We are presently evaluating various courses
of action to regain compliance. There can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with Nasdaq s rule or
will otherwise be in compliance with other NASDAQ listing criteria. If NASDAQ delists our Common Stock from trading on its exchange,
we could face significant material adverse consequences including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

a determination that our Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Common Stock
to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
for our Common Stock; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

33 

The audit report included in this annual report is prepared
by an auditor who is not inspected by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and, as such, you may be deprived of the benefits
of such inspection. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm that issues the audit reports included in our annual reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ),
as auditors of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB ), is required by the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections
by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the applicable laws of the United States and professional standards. Because our auditor
is located in the People s Republic of China, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections and
access critical accounting records without the approval of the Chinese authorities, our auditor is not currently inspected by the
PCAOB. Inspections conducted by the PCAOB outside of China have identified deficiencies in those firms audit procedures
and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality and prevent
accounting irregularities. This lack of PCAOB inspections in China prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating audit documentation
located in China and its related quality control procedures. As a result, investors may be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB inspections.
In a joint public statement on April 21, 2020, the Chairman of the SEC, the Chairman of the PCAOB, SEC Chief Accountant and Directors
of the SEC Divisions of Corporation Finance and Investment Management reminded market participants that this inability of the PCAOB
to inspect the audit work and practices of PCAOB-registered accounting firms in China (including Hong Kong, to the extent their
audit clients have operations in China) represented a significant risk to both investors and finance professionals. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 

The following table summarizes the location
of real property we lease. We do not own any real property. 

Item 
 
 Address 
 
 Leasing
Area 
 
 1 
 No. 9 South Min Zhuang Road, Haidian District, Beijing, PRC, 2nd Floor 
 924 square meters 
 
 2 
 No. 15 First Changzheng Road, Xiaogan City, Hubei Province, PRC, 2nd Floor 
 300 square meters 

The properties listed in Items 1 above are
our principal executive offices and are used by all of our business segments. The property listed in Items 2 is the office for
our operating VIEs in Xiaogan City, Hubei province, and is primarily used by our Internet advertising and data service business
segment. 

We believe that our existing facilities
and equipment are well maintained and in good operating condition and are sufficient to meet our needs for the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 3 LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

We are currently not a party to any legal
or administrative proceedings and are not aware of any pending or threatened legal or administrative proceedings against us in
all material aspects. We may from time to time become a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary
course of our business. 

ITEM 4 MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable . 

34 

PART
II. 

ITEM 5 MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our Common Stock has been listed on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CNET since October 29, 2013. Prior to that time, from September 14, 2010 through
October 28, 2013, our Common Stock was listed on Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol CNET . Prior to that time,
from March 4, 2010 through September 13, 2010, our Common Stock was listed on the NYSE AMEX under the trading symbol CNET. Prior
to that time, our Common Stock was quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board OTCBB under the trading symbol EMZG ,
until August 14, 2009, when our ticker symbol was change to CHNT . 

On August 18, 2016, we filed a Certificate
of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect a one-for-two and one-half (1 for
2.5) reverse stock split of the Company s Common Stock, which became effective on August 19, 2016. When the Reverse Stock
Split became effective, each two and one-half shares of issued and outstanding Common Stock were converted into one newly issued
and outstanding share of Common Stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the reverse stock split. Any fractional
shares of Common Stock that would have otherwise resulted from the reverse stock split were rounded up to the nearest full share.
The Reverse Stock Split did not change the par value of the Common Stock and had no effect on the number of authorized shares of
Common Stock of the Company. 

Holders 

As of May 25, 2020, there were approximately
660 record holders of our Common Stock. 

Dividends 

We have never paid any dividends on our
Common Stock and we plan to retain earnings, if any, for use in the development and growth of our business. Payment of future dividends,
if any, will be at the discretion of the board of directors after taking into account various factors, including current financial
condition, operating results and current and anticipated cash needs. If we ever determine to pay a dividend, we may experience
difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency from China for the payment
of such dividends from the profits of our PRC subsidiaries and VIEs. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

See Item 11. Executive Compensation 
for the aggregate information regarding our equity compensation plans in effect on December 31, 2019. 

Equity Repurchases 

During the fourth quarter of our fiscal
year ended December 31, 2019, neither we nor any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the
Exchange Act) purchased any shares of our Common Stock, the only class of our equity securities registered pursuant to Section
12 of the Exchange Act. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Any previous sales of unregistered securities
by the Company have been previously disclosed in our reports on Form 10-Q or Form 8-K, as applicable, filed with the SEC. 

ITEM 6 SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not
required to include disclosure under this Item. 

35 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements 

You should read the following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements
and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Our audited consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including,
without limitation, statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or future strategies that are signified by the words
 expect, anticipate, intend, believe, or similar language. All forward-looking
statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to
update any such forward-looking statements. Our business and financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties.
Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. In evaluating our business, you
should carefully consider the information set forth under the heading Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

Our company was incorporated in the State
of Texas in April 2006 and re-domiciled to become a Nevada corporation in October 2006. As a result of a share exchange transaction
we consummated with China Net BVI in June 2009, we are now a holding company, which through certain contractual arrangements with
operating companies in the PRC, is engaged in providing advertising, precision marketing, online to offline sales channel expansion
and the related data and technical services to SMEs in the PRC. 

Through our PRC operating subsidiaries and
VIEs, we primarily operate a one-stop services for our clients on our Omni-channel advertising, precision marketing and data analysis
management system. We offer a variety channels of advertising and marketing services through this system, which primarily include
distribution of the right to use search engine marketing services we purchased from key search engines, provision of online advertising
placements on our web portals, sales of effective sale lead information as well as sell provision of TV advertising service to
maximize market exposure and effectiveness for our clients. 

Basis of presentation, critical accounting policies and
management estimates 

Our consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and include the accounts of our company, and all of our subsidiaries and VIEs. We prepare financial statements in conformity with
U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities on the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the financial reporting period. We continually evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on the most recently available
information, our own historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those
estimates. We considered the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements. 

Foreign currency translation and transactions 

We conduct substantially
all of our operations through our PRC operating subsidiaries and VIEs, PRC is the primary economic environment in which we operate.
The exchange rates used to translate amounts in Renminbi RMB ), the functional currency of the PRC, into our reporting
currency, the United States Dollar U.S. dollar or US for the purposes of preparing our consolidated
financial statements are as follows: 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 
 
 Balance sheet items, except for equity accounts 
 6.9762 
 6.8632 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 
 
 Items in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss 
 6.8985 
 6.6174 

36 

Revenue recognition 

On January 1, 2018,
we adopted ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers , applying the modified retrospective method. The adoption
didn t result in a material adjustment to our accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2018. 

For the distribution
of the right to use search engine marketing service, the provision of online advertising placement service and TV advertising service,
we recognize revenues over time when we consider the services have been delivered to our customers. For sales of effective sale
lead information and sales of software, we recognize revenues at a point in time upon control of the promised goods is delivered
and accepted by our customers, and we have no performance obligation after the delivery. For technical services provided, we recognized
revenues at a point in time upon completion of the service performance obligation, when we had the enforceable right to the payment
of the services delivered to the customers. 

For the distribution
of the right to use the third-party s search engine marketing service, we recognize the revenues on a gross basis, because
we determine that we are a principal in the transaction, who controls the service before it is transferred to the customers. 

Lease 

On January 1, 2019,
we adopted ASC Topic 842, Lease , applying the optional transition method in accordance with ASU No. 2018-11, which
permitted us to change our date of initial application to the beginning of the period of the adoption of ASC Topic 842 (i.e. January
1, 2019) and recognize the effects of applying ASC Topic 842 as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of January
1, 2019, and remain applying ASC Topic 840 in the comparative periods. The adoption of ASC Topic 842 didn t result in a material
adjustment to our accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2019. 

We lease office spaces
in the PRC from unrelated third parties during our normal course of business. Other than these, we do not have any other contract
that is or contains a lease under ASC Topic 842. 

Our lease contracts
do not contain any option for us to extend or terminate the lease, and do not contain the option for us to purchase the underlying
assets. Based on the noncancelable lease period in the contract, we consider contract-based, asset-based, market-based and entity-based
factors to determine the term over which we are reasonably certain to extend the lease, and then determine the lease term of each
contract, which is 2-3 years. 

Our lease contracts
only contain fixed lease payments and do not contain any residual value guarantee. 

Our lease contracts
do not contain any nonlease component and are classified as operating leases in accordance with ASC Topic 842-10-25-3. 

As the implicit rates
of our leases cannot be readily determined, in accordance with ASC Topic 842-20-30-3, we then use our incremental borrowing rate
as the discount rate to determine the present value of our lease payments for each lease contract. The discount rate used by us
is 6 , which is determined based on the interest rate commonly used by the commercial banks in the PRC for the 1-5 years long-term
loan lent to business entities on a collateralized basis. 

Our office spaces
lease contracts with a duration of less than twelve months meet the definition of short-term leases under ASC Topic 842. As an
accounting policy, we elected not to recognize right-of-use asset and related lease liability to these short-term leases. Instead,
we recognized the lease payments of these short-term leases in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

37 

Recent issued or adopted accounting standards 

In June 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments . The amendments in this ASU require the measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial
assets held at amortized cost. The amendments in this ASU replace the existing incurred loss impairment model with an expected
loss methodology, which will result in more timely recognition of credit losses. In November 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-19,
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses , which among other things, clarifies
that receivables arising from operating leases are not within the scope of Subtopic 326-20. Instead, impairment of receivables
arising from operating leases should be accounted for in accordance with Topic 842, Leases. For public entities, the amendments
in these ASUs are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
We have adopted the amendments in these ASUs on January 1, 2020, and the adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact
on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

In August 2018, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure
Requirements for Fair Value Measurement . The amendments in this ASU eliminate, add and modify certain disclosure requirements
for fair value measurements. The amendments in this ASU, among other things, require public companies to disclose the range and
weighted average used to develop significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements. The amendments in this
ASU are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15,
2019, and entities are permitted to early adopt either the entire standard or only the provisions that eliminate or modify the
requirements. We have adopted the amendments in these ASUs on January 1, 2020, and the adoption of these amendments did not have
a material impact on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

A. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019 AND 2018 

The following table sets forth a summary,
for the periods indicated, of our consolidated results of operations. Our historical results presented below are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period. All amounts, except number of shares and per share data,
are presented in thousands of U.S. dollars. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 
 US 
 
 Revenues 

From unrelated parties 
 57,181 
 57,146 
 
 From related parties 
 899 

Total revenues 
 58,080 
 57,146 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 52,582 
 54,728 
 
 Gross profit 
 5,498 
 2,418 

Operating expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 
 540 
 1,970 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 5,777 
 5,486 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 869 
 933 
 
 Impairment on intangible assets 
 
 3,330 
 
 Impairment on goodwill 
 
 5,211 

7,186 
 16,930 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (1,688 
 (14,512 

Other income (expenses) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 499 
 1,669 
 
 Impairment on long-term investments 
 
 (453 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 (35 
 (37 
 
 Other income/(expenses) 
 3 
 (30 
 
 Total other income 
 467 
 1,149 

Loss before income tax expense and noncontrolling interests 
 (1,221 
 (13,363 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (49 
 (764 
 
 Net loss 
 (1,270 
 (14,127 
 
 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 9 
 102 
 
 Net loss attributable to ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. 
 (1,261 
 (14,025 

Loss per share 

Loss per common share 

Basic and diluted 
 (0.07 
 (0.88 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 
 17,130,335 
 15,863,894 

38 

REVENUES 

The following tables set forth a breakdown
of our total revenues, disaggregated by type of services for the periods indicated, with inter-company transactions eliminated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 
 
 Revenue type 
 (Amounts expressed in thousands of US dollars, except percentages) 

-Internet advertising and data service 
 14,807 
 25.5 
 9,588 
 16.8 
 
 -Distribution of the right to use search engine marketing service 
 41,361 
 71.2 
 47,423 
 83.0 
 
 -Other technical services 
 710 
 1.2 
 14 

Internet advertising and related data and technical services 
 56,878 
 97.9 
 57,025 
 99.8 
 
 Software sales 
 1,202 
 2.1 

TV advertising service 

121 
 0.2 
 
 Total 
 58,080 
 100 
 57,146 
 100 

Total Revenues : Our total revenues increased to
US 58.08 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 from US 57.15 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. Disregarding
the translated US dollar revenues decrease resulted from the US dollar strengthening against RMB in 2019, Total revenues from our
core business, Internet advertising and distribution of the right to use search engine marketing service increased by approximately
3 to RMB387 million (approximately US 56.2 million, translated using the average exchange rate of 2019) for the year ended December
31, 2019 from RMB377 million (approximately US 57.0 million, translated using the average exchange rate of 2018) for the year ended
December 31, 2018. 

We derive the majority of our revenues from
distribution of the right to use the search engine marketing SEM services, sale of advertising space on our internet
ad portals, sales of effective sales lead information and provision of the related technical services, all of which management
considers as one aggregate business operation and relies upon the consolidated results of all operations in this business unit
to make decisions about allocating resources and evaluating performance. Our advertising and marketing services to related parties
were provided in the ordinary course of business on the same terms as those provided to our unrelated customers. For the year ended
December 31, 2019, our service revenues from related parties was approximately 1.5 of the total revenues for the reporting period,
and we did not generate any revenue from related parties for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

Internet advertising
 revenues was approximately US 14.81 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared
 with approximately US 9.59 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. Due to the increase
 in other new form of self-media advertising channels in recent years, our clients intended
 to tighten their investment budget on advertising and marketing activities through traditional
 ad portal platforms. As a result, we experienced decline in revenues from this business
 category from fiscal 2017. In order to maintain the customer base for our own ad portals
 and thus maintain our overall industry competitive position, during the past two years,
 we increased our investment in cost consumption for effective sale lead generation to
 improve the ad effectiveness on our portals and thus improved the overall customers 
 satisfaction of this service. As a result, although gross margin rate of this business
 decreased as compared with that in 2-3 years ago, advertising revenues of this business
 category started to recover from the second fiscal quarter of 2018 and further we achieved
 an increase in revenues of approximately 54 for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared
 with that in the previous year. In future periods, we intend to strengthen our data analysis
 on visitors behavior, and thus continue optimize our cost control mechanism for
 our ad portals, which aiming to help our ad portals to achieve more accurate advertising
 and marketing results that will lead to increasing sales lead conversion rate for our
 customers at more affordable and lower costs, and thereby gradually improve the gross
 profit margin of this business category in future periods. 

39 

Revenue generated
 from distribution of the right to use search engine marketing service provided by key
 search engines for the year ended December 31, 2019 was approximately US 41.36 million,
 compared with approximately US 47.42 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, representing
 a decrease of approximately 13 . Customers use this third-party search engine marketing
 service to increase exposure through attracting more visits to their websites and achieve
 higher sales lead conversion rate, through bidding selected effective key words on different
 search engines. Given our penetration in the advertising industry, solid partnership
 relations with key search engines and relative large amount of purchase, we were able
 to offer our customers with search engine resource at a relatively lower rate compared
 with the market, as a result, since fiscal 2017, our revenue from distribution of right
 to use search engine market service provided by key search engines contributed more than
 70 of our total revenues for each of our reporting periods. The decrease in our revenues
 from this business category for the year ended December 31, 2019 was primarily due to
 that as compared with the prior year, our key suppliers tightened their credit policies
 to us, thus more working capital was required for the same volume of search engine resource
 compared with the prior year. On the other hand, although our collection of the accounts
 receivables was generally improved as compared with the prior year, the profitability
 of our core business and working capital available during the year was still limited.
 The aforesaid factors were attributable to a decrease in the volume of search engine
 resource that we were able to purchase and redistribute to our customers during the year,
 as compared with that in the prior year. In response to this situation, we plan to require
 our customers to pay more advances, further strengthen our account receivables management
 and actively negotiate with our key suppliers for more favorable credit policies to improve
 the situation. Due to the COVID-19 outbreak in the PRC during the first fiscal quarter
 of 2020, and the related epidemic control measures imposed by the local governments,
 most of the business entities, especially SMEs remained shut down after the Chinese New
 Year holiday and were unable to reopen until mid-March or early-April 2020. As a result,
 our measures to improve the working capital status for this business category were not
 be implemented during the business recovery period. However, we still believe that the
 decrease in revenues from this business category was temporary and the situation will
 improve in future periods, along with the expected business rebound in the second half
 of 2020, as a result of the containment of the virus outbreak in the PRC. 

For the year ended
 December 31, 2019, we also generated an approximately US 0.70 million technical service
 revenue related to online marketing data analysis and management and an approximately
 US 1.20 million software sale revenue related to online information exchange safety management. 

We did not generate
 any TV advertising revenues for the year ended December 31, 2019, as we did not finalize
 any advertising resources contracts with suppliers during the year. Revenue from TV advertising
 service was approximately US 0.12 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 and we
 generate this revenue from the promotion of our client s business information through
 broadcast during the airtime slots we purchased from a provincial satellite TV we cooperated
 with in the year. We continue to monitor our clients needs of this service. In
 consideration of the sustained and steady development of Internet advertising and the
 rapid development in mobile advertising, we expect future revenues contributed from this
 segment will continue to be insignificant. 

40 

Cost of Revenues 

Our cost of revenues consisted of costs
directly related to the offering of our advertising, precision marketing and related data and technical services, and our TV advertising
service. The following table sets forth our cost of revenues, disaggregated by type of services, by amount and gross profit
ratio for the periods indicated, with inter-company transactions eliminated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

(Amounts expressed in thousands of US dollars, except percentages) 

Revenue 
 Cost 
 GP ratio 
 Revenue 
 Cost 
 GP ratio 

-Internet advertising and data service 
 14,807 
 13,802 
 7 
 9,588 
 9,073 
 5 
 
 -Distribution of the right to use search engine marketing service 
 41,361 
 38,775 
 6 
 47,423 
 45,560 
 4 
 
 -Other technical services 
 710 
 5 
 99 
 14 
 
 100 
 
 Internet advertising and related data and technical services 
 56,878 
 52,582 
 8 
 57,025 
 54,633 
 4 
 
 Software sales 
 1,202 
 
 100 

TV advertising service 

121 
 95 
 21 
 
 Total 
 58,080 
 52,582 
 9 
 57,146 
 54,728 
 4 

Cost of revenues: our total cost of revenues was
approximately US 52.58 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared with US 54.73 million for the year ended December
31, 2018. Our cost of revenues primarily consists of search engine resources purchased from key search engines, costs of TV advertising
time slots purchased from TV stations and other direct costs associated with providing the services. 

Costs for Internet advertising and data service primarily consisted of cost of internet
traffic flow and technical services we purchased from other portals and technical suppliers for obtaining effective sales lead
generation to promote business opportunity advertisements placed on our own ad portals. For the year ended December 31, 2019, our
total cost of revenues for Internet advertising and data service was approximately US 13.8 million, compared with approximately
US 9.07 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. The gross margin rate of our Internet advertising and data service revenues
improved to approximately 7 for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared with 5 for last year, as a result of the optimization
of our cost control mechanism after our sales volume recovered since the second quarter of 2018. We expect the gross profit margin
of this business will continue to slightly increase in future periods, after the overall economy recovers from the COVID-19 outbreak
in the second half of 2020 . 

Costs for search engine marketing service was direct search engine resource costs consumed
for the right to use search engine marketing service we purchased from key search engines and distributed to our customers. We
purchased these search engine resources from well-known search engines in China, for example, Baidu, Qihu 360 and Sohu (Sogou)
etc. We purchased the resource in relatively large amounts under our own name at a relatively lower rate compared to the market.
We charged our clients the actual cost they consumed on search engines for the use of this service and a premium at certain percentage
of that actual consumed cost. In order to improve our working capital status to adapt to the strengthen credit policies from the
suppliers, we gradually increased the premium charged to our customers during fiscal 2019, as a result, although revenues from
this business category temporarily decreased during 2019, gross margin rates of this service improved to approximately 6 for the
year ended December 31, 2019, compared with approximately 4 for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

41 

For the year ended December 31, 2018, cost for providing TV advertising services primarily consisted of cost of TV advertising
time slots purchased from a provincial TV station of approximately US 0.10 million. Gross margin rate of our TV advertising service
for the year ended December 31, 2018 was approximately 21 . 

Gross Profit 

As a result of the foregoing, our gross
profit was US 5.50 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared with US 2.42 million for the year ended December
31, 2018. Our overall gross margin rate for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was approximately 9 and 4 , respectively.
The increase in our overall gross margin rate was primarily due to an increase in gross margin rates of both of our core business
categories, Internet advertising and data service and distribution of the right to use search engine marketing service to 7 and
6 , respectively, compared with 5 and 4 for the year ended December 31, 2018, respectively, and the revenues from technical services
and software sales generated for the year ended December 31, 2019, as discussed above. 

Operating Expenses 

Our operating expenses consist of sales
and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses, research and development expenses and impairment losses on intangible
assets and goodwill. The following tables set forth our operating expenses, divided into their major categories by amount and as
a percentage of our total revenues for the periods indicated. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

(Amounts expressed in thousands of US dollars, except percentages) 

Amount 
 Percentage of total revenue 
 Amount 
 Percentage of total revenue 

Total Revenues 
 58,080 
 100 
 57,146 
 100 
 
 Gross Profit 
 5,498 
 9 
 2,418 
 4 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 540 
 1 
 1,970 
 3 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 5,777 
 10 
 5,486 
 10 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 869 
 1 
 933 
 2 
 
 Impairment on intangible assets 

3,330 
 6 
 
 Impairment on goodwill 

5,211 
 9 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 7,186 
 12 
 16,930 
 30 

Operating Expenses: Our operating
expenses decreased to approximately US 7.19 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 from US 16.93 million for the year
ended December 31, 2018. Excluding the non-recurring impairment losses charged on intangible assets and goodwill of approximately
US 3.33 million and US 5.21 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2018, our general operating expenses decreased
to US 7.19 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared with US 8.39 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

Sales and marketing expenses: For the year ended December 31, 2019, our sales and marketing expenses decreased to US 0.54 million
from US 1.97 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. Our sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of advertising
expenses for brand development that we pay to different media outlets for the promotion and marketing of our advertising web portals,
other advertising and promotional expenses, staff salaries, staff benefits, performance bonuses, travelling expenses, communication
expenses and other general office expenses of our sales department. Due to certain aspects of our business nature, the fluctuation
of our sales and marketing expenses usually does not have a direct linear relationship with the fluctuation of our net revenues.
For the year ended December 31, 2019, the decrease in our sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to the following reasons:
(1) the decrease in advertising expenses for brand development of approximately US 1.10 million; and (2) the decrease in staff
salaries and benefit and other general expenses of our sales department of approximately US 0.33 million, due to the cost reduction
plan executed by management. 

42 

General and administrative expenses: General and administrative expenses increased to approximately US 5.78 million for the
year ended December 31, 2019 from US 5.49 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. Our general and administrative expenses
primarily consist of salaries and benefits of management, accounting and administrative personnel, office rentals, depreciation
of office equipment, allowance for doubtful accounts, professional service fees, maintenance, utilities and other office expenses.
For the year ended December 31, 2019, the change in our general and administrative expenses was primarily due to the following
reasons: (1) the decrease in general administrative expenses, such as: professional service
expenses, salary and benefit expenses and other general office expenses of approximately US 0.76 million, due to cost reduction
plan executed by management; (2) the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts of approximately US 0.81 million, due to uncertainties
surrounding future collection, as a result of the outbreak of COVID-19 in the first fiscal quarter of 2020 in China ;
and (3) the increase in share-based compensation expenses of approximately US 0.24 million. 

Research and development expenses: Research and development expenses were approximately US 0.87 million and US 0.93 million
for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Our research and development expenses primarily consist of salaries
and benefits of our research and development staff, equipment depreciation expenses, and office utilities and supplies allocated
to our research and development department etc. The decrease in research and development
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared with that in last year, was primarily due to the cost reduction plan executed
by the management . 

Impairment on intangible assets: For the year ended December 31, 2018, we recognized in the aggregate of approximately US 3.33
million impairment loss associated with intangible assets of our Internet advertising and data service business segment. Due to
insufficient estimated future cash flows expected to be generated by the these assets, the respective carrying value of these assets
were not expected to be recoverable and exceeded its fair value. 

Impairment on goodwill: Due to the decrease in overall gross profit margin and continued operating losses incurred from our
Internet advertising and data services reporting unit, we performed an interim goodwill impairment test as of June 30, 2018. As
a result, for the year ended December 31, 2018, we recognized an approximately US 5.21 million full impairment loss on our goodwill
of this reporting unit. 

Loss from operations: As a result of the foregoing,
we incurred a net loss from operations of approximately US 1.69 million and US 14.51 million for the years ended December 31, 2019
and 2018, respectively. 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities: We
issued warrants in the financing we consummated in January 2018. We determined that the warrants should be accounted for as derivative
liabilities, as the warrants are dominated in a currency (U.S. dollar) other than our functional currency (Renminbi or Yuan). As
a result, a gain of change in fair value of approximately US 0.50 million and US 1.67 million was recorded in earnings for the
years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

Impairment on long-term investments: We recognized
an approximately US 0.45 million other-than temporary impairment loss on our long-term investment to ChinaNet Chuang Tou for the
year ended December 31, 2018, representing the amount not recoverable upon termination of the entity. 

Interest expense, net: For each of the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2018, interest income we earned was approximately US 0.01 million. For the years ended December 31, 2019
and 2018, interest expense of approximately US 0.04 million and US 0.05 million, respectively, was primarily related to the short-term
bank loans we borrowed from major financial institutions in the PRC to supplement our short-term working capital needs. 

Loss before income tax expense and noncontrolling interest:
 As a result of the foregoing, our loss before income tax expense and noncontrolling interest was approximately US 1.22
million and US 13.36 million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

43 

Income tax expense: We recognized an income tax
expense of approximately US 0.05 million and US0.76 million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. For the
year ended December 31, 2019, we provided approximately US 0.22 million current income tax expense, related to profit generated
by one of our operating subsidiaries, which amount was offset by the approximately US 0.17 million deferred income tax benefit
related to additional deferred tax assets recognized during the year. For the year ended December 31, 2018, deferred income tax
expense recorded was primarily related to the additional deferred tax assets valuation allowance provided during the year. 

Net loss: As a result of the foregoing, for the
years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, we incurred a net loss of approximately US 1.27 million and US 14.13 million, respectively. 

Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest: 
Chuang Fu Tian Xia was 51 owned by Business Opportunity Online upon incorporation and the Company purchased the remaining 49 
equity interest in it in May 2018. In May 2018, the Company incorporated a new majority-owned subsidiary, Business Opportunity
Chain and beneficially owns 51 equity interest in it. For the year ended December 31, 2019, net loss allocated to the noncontrolling
interest of Business Opportunity Chain was approximately US 0.01 million. For the year ended December 31, 2018, net loss allocated
to the noncontrolling interest of Beijing Chuang Fu Tian Xia before it became our wholly-owned subsidiary and the noncontrolling
interest of Business Opportunity Chain was approximately US 0.10 million in the aggregate. 

Net loss attributable to ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc.: 
Total net loss as adjusted by net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest shareholders as discussed above yields the net
loss attributable to ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. Net loss attributable to ChinaNet Online
Holdings, Inc. was approximately US 1.26 million and US 14.03 million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

B. LIQUIDITY AND
CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Cash and cash equivalents represent cash
on hand and deposits held at call with banks. We consider all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months
or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2019, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately
US 1.60 million. 

Our liquidity needs include (i) net cash
used in operating activities that consists of (a) cash required to fund the initial build-out, continued expansion of our network
and new services and (b) our working capital needs, which include deposits and advance payments to search engine resource and other
advertising resource providers, payment of our operating expenses and financing of our accounts receivable; and (ii) net cash used
in investing activities that consist of the investment to expand technologies related to our existing and future business activities,
investment to enhance the functionality of our current advertising portals for providing advertising, marketing and data services
and to secure the safety of our general network. To date, we have financed our liquidity need primarily through proceeds we generated
from financing activities. 

As discussed in Note 3(b) to our audited
consolidated financial statements, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year
after the date that the financial statements are issued. We intend to improve our cashflow status through improving gross profit
margin, strengthening receivables collection management, negotiating with vendors for more favorable payment terms and obtaining
more credit facilities from banks or other form of financing. 

The following table provides detailed information about our
net cash flow for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

Amounts in thousands of US dollars 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (4,311 
 (5,389 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (2,158 
 (3,047 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 4,352 
 9,492 
 
 Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (22 
 (266 
 
 Net (decrease)/increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (2,139 
 790 

44 

Net cash used in operating activities: 

For the year ended December 31, 2019, our
net cash used in operating activities of approximately US 4.31 million were primarily attributable to: 

(1) net loss excluding approximately US 0.17 million of non-cash expenses of depreciation and amortizations; approximately US 0.09
million of amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets; approximately US 2.34 million allowance for doubtful accounts;
approximately US 0.39 million share-based compensation; approximately US 0.50 million gain from change in fair value of warrant
liabilities and approximately US 0.17 million deferred tax benefit, yielded the non-cash items excluding net income of approximately
US 1.05 million. 

(2) the receipt of cash from operations from changes in operating assets and liabilities, such as: 

- accounts receivable decreased by approximately US 0.70 million, primarily due to strengthening
of the accounts receivable collection management to improve our operating cashflows during the year; 

- advance from customers increased by approximately US 0.97 million, primarily due to the increase
in advances received from customers for the use of search engine marketing service distributed by us; 

- due from related parties decreased by approximately US 0.15 million, primarily due to collection
of a US 0.2 million advance from an officer of our company; 

- taxes payable and other current liabilities increased by approximately US 0.38 million in the aggregate; 

- lease payment liabilities related to short-term leases of our office spaces increased by approximately
US 0.14 million; and 

- other current assets decreased by approximately US 0.01 million. 

(3) offset by the use from operations from changes in operating assets and liabilities, such as: 

- prepayment and deposit to suppliers increased by approximately US 5.22 million, primarily due to
the increase in deposit and prepayment for the purchase of search engine marketing service from a key search engine and the purchase
of other advertising resources from the related suppliers; 

- accounts payable decreased by approximately US 2.44 million, primarily due to the settlement of
the payables with key suppliers related to services provided in last year; 

- accruals decreased by approximately US 0.03 million, and 

- we also prepaid approximately US 0.01 million lease payment during the year. 

For the year ended December 31, 2018, our
net cash used in operating activities of approximately US 5.39 million were primarily attributable to: 

(1) net loss excluding approximately US 0.54 million of non-cash expenses of depreciation and amortizations; approximately US 0.23
million share-based compensation; approximately US 1.52 million allowance for doubtful accounts; approximately US 0.45 million
impairment on long-term investments; approximately US 3.33 million impairment on intangible assets; approximately US 5.21 million
impairment on goodwill; approximately US 1.67 million gain from change in fair value of warrant liabilities and approximately US 0.76
million deferred tax expense, yielded the non-cash items excluded net loss of approximately US 3.74 million. 

45 

(2) the receipt of cash from operations from changes in operating assets and liabilities, such as: 

- deposit and prepayment to suppliers decreased by approximately US 1.35 million, primarily due to
utilize the prepayments made in previous period and refund of contract deposits due to expiration/termination of supplier contracts; 

- accounts payable increased by approximately US 0.16 million; and 

- other receivables decreased slightly by approximately US 0.03 million. 

(3) offset by the use from operations from changes in operating assets and liabilities such as: 

- advance from customers decreased by approximately US 2.41 million, primarily due to recognizing
revenues from beginning contract liabilities during the year; 

- accrued liabilities, other payables and taxes payables decreased in the aggregate by approximately
US 0.36 million, due to settlement of these operational liabilities after the financing in January 2018 

- accounts receivable increased by approximately US 0.23 million; and 

- due from related parities increased by approximately US 0.18 million. 

Net cash used in investing activities: 

For the year ended December 31, 2019, our
cash used in investing activities included the following transactions: (1) we contributed
our pro-rata share of cash investment of approximately US 0.04 million to an ownership investee company incorporated in October
2018; (2) we made an additional payment of approximately US 0.16 million for the development of our blockchain technology-based
platform applications; and (3) we also paid approximately US 1.96 million in the aggregate for a 10-year licensed products use
right and a software technology to better manage our internet resource and strengthen the ability of our data analysis, and thus
to improve the overall effectiveness and efficiency of our online advertising and marketing business operations. In the aggregate,
these transactions resulted in a cash outflow from investing activities of approximately US 2.16 million for the year ended December
31, 2019. 

For the year ended December 31, 2018, our
net cash used in investing activities included the following transactions: (1) we paid approximately US 0.01 million for the purchase
of general office equipment; (2) we lent an unrelated party short-term loan of approximately US 2.0 million during the first fiscal
quarter of 2018 and another unrelated party short-term loan of approximately US 0.11 million during the second fiscal quarter of
2018; (3) we collected the approximately US 2.57 million short-term loan that lent to an unrelated party in the third quarter of
2017, we also collected the approximately US 2.0 million and US 0.11 million short-term loan as mentioned in (2) above, in the
second and third fiscal quarter, respectively; (4) we paid approximately US 1.89 million for the acquisition of the 49 noncontrolling
interest in a majority-owned subsidiary of ours; (5) we paid in the aggregate of US 3.74 million for the development of certain
blockchain technology-based platform applications, and paid another approximately US 0.43 million to settle the remaining balance
of an intangible assets purchased in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2016; and (6) we received an investment return of approximately
US 0.45 million from an unconsolidated investee company we plan to terminate in the near future. In the aggregate, these transactions
resulted in a net cash outflow from investing activities of approximately US 3.05 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

46 

Net cash provided by financing activities: 

For the year ended December 31, 2019, our
net cash provided by financing activities included the following transactions: (1) we consummated a private placement whereby we
sold approximately 3.22 million shares of our common stock to a selected group of investors at a purchase price of 1.4927 per
share for a total net proceeds of approximately US 4.79 million, after deducting approximately US 0.02 million direct offering
cost paid in cash; (2) we repaid in the aggregate approximately US 0.87 million short-term
bank loans that matured in the first quarter and third quarter of 2019; (3) we re-borrowed approximately US 0.44 million short-term
loan matured in the first quarter of 2019. In the aggregate, these transactions resulted in a net cash inflow from financing activities
of approximately US 4.35 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

For the year ended December 31, 2018, our
net cash provided by financing activities included the following transactions: (1) we consummated a registered direct offering
of an approximately 2.15 million shares of our common stock to certain institutional investors at a purchase price of 5.15 per
share. As part of the transaction, we also issued to the investors and the placement agent warrants for the purchase of up to 645,000
shares and 129,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 6.60 per share, respectively. We received
net proceeds of approximately 10.26 million, after deduction of approximately US 0.81 million direct financing cost paid in cash;
(2) Due to termination of security purchase agreements in May 2016, we repaid our previous investors of approximately US 0.92 million
guarantee payment and prepayment received upon entering the agreements during 2018; (3) we repaid in the aggregate of approximately
US 0.76 million short-term bank loans in July and October 2018; and (4) we re-borrowed an approximately US 0.45 million short-term
bank loan in July 2018 and borrowed another approximately US 0.45 million short-term bank loan in September 2018. In the aggregate,
these transactions resulted in a net cash inflow from financing activities of approximately US 9.49 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018. 

Restricted Net Assets 

As substantially all of our operations are
conducted through our PRC subsidiaries and VIEs, our ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on receiving distributions
of funds from our PRC subsidiaries and VIEs. Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by our PRC
subsidiaries and VIEs only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and
regulations and after it has met the PRC requirements for appropriation to statutory reserves. Paid in capital of the PRC subsidiaries
and VIEs included in our consolidated net assets are also not distributable for dividend purposes. 

In accordance with the PRC regulations on
Enterprises with Foreign Investment, a WFOE established in the PRC is required to provide certain statutory reserves, namely general
reserve fund, the enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund which are appropriated from net profit as reported
in the enterprise s PRC statutory accounts. A WFOE is required to allocate at least 10 of its annual after-tax profit to
the general reserve until such reserve has reached 50 of its registered capital based on the enterprise s PRC statutory
accounts. Appropriations to the enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund are at the discretion of the board of
directors. The aforementioned reserves can only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. Rise
King WFOE is subject to the above mandated restrictions on distributable profits. Additionally, in accordance with the Company
Law of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide a statutory common reserve of at least 10 of its annual after-tax
profit until such reserve has reached 50 of its registered capital based on the enterprise s PRC statutory accounts. A domestic
enterprise is also required to provide for a discretionary surplus reserve, at the discretion of the board of directors. The aforementioned
reserves can only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. All of our other PRC subsidiaries
and PRC VIEs are subject to the above mandated restrictions on distributable profits. 

In accordance with these PRC laws and regulations,
our PRC subsidiaries and VIEs are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to us. As of December
31, 2019 and 2018, net assets restricted in the aggregate, which include paid-in capital and statutory reserve funds of our PRC
subsidiaries and VIEs that are included in our consolidated net assets, were both approximately US 12.0 million. 

The current PRC Enterprise Income Tax EIT Law also imposes a 10 withholding income tax for dividends distributed by a foreign invested enterprise to its immediate holding
company outside China, which were exempted under the previous EIT law. A lower withholding tax rate will be applied if there is
a tax treaty arrangement between mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign holding company. Holding companies in Hong
Kong, for example, will be subject to a 5 rate, subject to approval from the related PRC tax authorities. 

47 

The ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make
dividends and other payments to us may also be restricted by changes in applicable foreign exchange and other laws and regulations. 

Foreign currency exchange regulation in
China is primarily governed by the following rules: 

Foreign Exchange Administration Rules (1996), as amended in August 2008, or the Exchange Rules; 

Administration Rules of the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange (1996), or the Administration Rules. 

Currently, under the Administration Rules,
Renminbi is freely convertible for current account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and
service related foreign exchange transactions, but not for capital account items, such as direct investments, loans, repatriation
of investments and investments in securities outside of China, unless the prior approval of the State Administration of Foreign
Exchange (the SAFE is obtained and prior registration with the SAFE is made. Foreign-invested enterprises like Rise
King WFOE that need foreign exchange for the distribution of profits to its shareholders may effect payment from their foreign
exchange accounts or purchase and pay foreign exchange rates at the designated foreign exchange banks to their foreign shareholders
by producing board resolutions for such profit distribution. Based on their needs, foreign-invested enterprises are permitted to
open foreign exchange settlement accounts for current account receipts and payments of foreign exchange along with specialized
accounts for capital account receipts and payments of foreign exchange at certain designated foreign exchange banks. 

Although the current Exchange Rules allow
converting Chinese Renminbi into foreign currency for current account items, conversion of Chinese Renminbi into foreign exchange
for capital items, such as foreign direct investment, loans or securities, requires the approval of SAFE, which is under the authority
of the People s Bank of China. These approvals, however, do not guarantee the availability of foreign currency conversion.
We cannot be sure that it will be able to obtain all required conversion approvals for our operations or the Chinese regulatory
authorities will not impose greater restrictions on the convertibility of Chinese Renminbi in the future. Currently, most of our
retained earnings are generated in Renminbi. Any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability to use retained
earnings generated in Renminbi to make dividends or other payments in U.S. dollars or fund possible business activities outside
China. 

C. Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

None. 

D. Disclosure of
Contractual Obligations 

In 2018, we entered into contracts with
two unrelated third parties in relation to the development of our blockchain technology-powered platform applications. Total contract
amount of these two contracts was approximately US 4.93 million. As of December 31, 2019, we had paid approximately US 3.88 million
in the aggerate. During the first fiscal quarter of 2020, we made an additional payment of approximately US 0.3 million, and the
remaining unpaid contract amount is expected to be paid during the year ending December 31, 2020. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not
required to include disclosure under this Item. 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Our consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

48 

ITEM 9 CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

On September 25, 2019, we communicated with
our former principal independent accountant, Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP MarcumBP ), regarding the decision
to dismiss MarcumBP. On October 7, 2019, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors made the final formal decision to approve
the dismissal of MarcumBP as our principal independent accountant. 

During our two most recent fiscal years
ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, and any subsequent interim period through the date of MarcumBP s dismissal, there were
no: (1) disagreements between t our company and MarcumBP on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement
disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements that, if not resolved to MarcumBP s satisfaction, would
have caused MarcumBP to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its report issued in connection
with the audits of our financial statements, or (2) reportable events as described under Item 304(a)(1)(v)(A), (B)
and (D) of Regulation S-K of the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, during the two fiscal years of
our company ended December 31, 2017 and 2018 or in any subsequent period up to the date of dismissal. 

MarcumBP s audit report on our financial
statements for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion,
and such audit report was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except that MarcumBP s
report contained an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018 did not include any adjustments that might have resulted from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

On October 7, 2019, we engaged Centurion
ZD CPA Co. CZD to serve as our independent auditor. The decision to engage CZD as our principal independent
accountant was approved by the Audit Committee of our company on October 7, 2019. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017
and 2018, and through the date of CZD s engagement, we did not consult CZD regarding either: (i) the application of accounting
principles to a specified transaction (either completed or proposed), or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our
financial statements; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement or reportable event 
within the meaning set forth in Regulation S-K, Item 304 (a)(1)(iv) or (a)(1)(v). 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, with the participation of other members of management, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), as of the end of December 31, 2019. Based on this evaluation, our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer concluded as of December 31, 2019 that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective such that the material information required to be included in our SEC reports is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms relating to our company, including our consolidating subsidiaries
and VIEs, and was made known to them by others within those entities, particularly during the period when this report was being
prepared. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

The management of the Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

49 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019. The framework on which such evaluation was based is contained in the
report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the criteria set forth in the COSO Report, management assessed the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as of December 31, 2019, and determined it to be effective. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There were no significant changes in our
internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with this evaluation that occurred during our last fiscal quarter
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial
reporting. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. As a smaller reporting company,
the management s report is not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART
III. 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Executive Officers
and Directors 

The
following discussion sets forth information regarding the executive officers and directors of the Company as of May 26, 2020.
The board of directors is comprised of only one class. All of the directors will serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders
and until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. Provided
below is a brief description of our executive officers and directors business experience during the past five years. 

Name 
 Age 
 Other positions with Company; 
other directorships held in last five years 
 Has served as 
Company director since 

Handong Cheng 
 49 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 September 2007 
 
 George Kai Chu 
 44 
 Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director 
 June 2015 
 
 Pau Chung Ho 
 61 
 Independent Non-Executive Director 
 August 5, 2019 
 
 Zhiqing Chen 
 47 
 Independent Non-Executive Director 
 November 2009 
 
 Chang Qiu 
 56 
 Independent Non-Executive Director 
 December 2014 

50 

The
business experience during at least the last five years of each of these individuals is as follows: 

Handong
Cheng, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President. Mr. Cheng has served as Chief Executive Officer of ChinaNet
since September 2007. Prior to that role, from October 2003 to September 2007, Mr. Cheng acted as President of ChinaNet Online
Advertising Limited. Mr. Cheng holds an EMBA degree from Guanghua School of Management at the Peking University, and a degree in
economic law from the College of Law of Wuhan University. 

George Kai Chu, Chief Operating Officer,
Secretary and Director . Mr. Chu has been our Chief Operating Officer and Secretary since
May 2010. From December 2007 to May 2010, Mr. Chu served as the Special Executive to the Chairman of Dachan Food (Asia) Ltd. in
Beijing and also served at Dachan Food as the Head of the Beijing and Hebei Operations. From June 2007 to December 2007, Mr. Chu
acted as Senior Business Advisor to the Chinese Aviation and Space Industry Development Association (CASIDA) in Taipei. From January
2005 to June 2007, Mr. Chu served as a Senior Vice President at the Royal Bank of Canada Financial Group, Asset Management in Vancouver,
Toronto and New York. Mr. Chu has a joint major bachelor s degree in accounting and management information systems from Simon
Fraser University, an MBA degree from Harvard University and an EMBA degree from Guanghua School of Management at the Peking University. 

Pau Chung Ho, Director. Mr. Pau was
appointed as an independent director of our company on August 5, 2019. Mr. Pau has served as the General Manager of The Regal Riverfront
Hotel Jiangmen from April 2018 to date. From February 2014 to June 2017, he served as the General Manager of The Holiday Inn Resort
Chaohu, and from September 2011 to February 2014, Mr. Pau served as the General Manager of The Regal Poly Guiyang Hotel. Mr. Pau
holds a Bachelors of Arts in Hospitality Management from the University of Birmingham, United Kingdom. 

Zhiqing Chen, Director .
Mr. Chen has been a partner at Chen Partners Law Firm since July 2010. From January 2002 to June 2010, Mr. Chen was a partner
at Jin Mao P.R.C. Lawyers in Shanghai, a law firm specializing in corporate law, including foreign investments and mergers and
acquisitions. Mr. Chen s clients include local PRC enterprises as well as international corporations. Prior to joining the
Company, Mr. Chen served as a non-management director for Shanghai Fumai Investment Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zhijinwu Investment
Management Co., Ltd, and Shanghai Merciful Groups Co., Ltd. Mr. Chen received a bachelor s degree in international law from
East China University and an EMBA degree from Guanghua School of Management at the Peking University. 

Chang Qiu, Director .
Mr. Qiu has served as a Principal of Sansar Capital Management since 2007. From 2001 through 2007, Mr. Qiu served as the Founder,
Managing Director and Senior Equity Analyst of Forun Technologies. Prior to that, Mr. Qiu worked at IBM and other organizations
in business and research functions. Mr. Qiu received an MBA degree from Columbia Business School, a Ph.D. degree from Colorado
School of Mines, and a bachelor s degree from Wuhan University, China. 

The
business experience during at least the last five years of the Company s executive officers not included above is as follows: 

Mark Li, Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer . Mr. Li was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer on
July 8, 2019. Mr. Li has twenty years of experience working in financial roles. Prior to
joining the Company, Mr. Li served as Chief Financial Officer for DMG Entertainment Media, a global entertainment and media
company with operations in North America and Asia. Prior to this role, Mr. Li served as Financial Director at China Digital Culture
and in other senior financial management positions. Mr. Li holds a bachelor s degree in Economics from Chongqing Institute
of Industry Management and a master s degree in Finance from Central University of Finance and Economics. Mr. Li is a member
of both the China Institute of Certified Public Accounts (CICPA) and Association of Chartered Certified Accounts (ACCA). 

Family Relationships 

No
director or executive officer is related to any other director or executive officer. 

51 

Board Operations 

Board
Leadership Structure 

Mr.
Handong Cheng holds the positions of chief executive officer and chairman of the Board of the Company. The Board believes that
Mr. Cheng s services as both chief executive officer and chairman of the Board is in the best interest of the Company and
its shareholders. Mr. Cheng possesses detailed and in-depth knowledge of the issues, opportunities and challenges facing the Company
in the advertising and media industry and its business and is thus best positioned to develop agendas that ensure that the Board s
time and attention are focused on the most critical matters relating to the business of the Company. His combined role enables
decisive leadership, ensures clear accountability, and enhances the Company s ability to communicate its message and strategy
clearly and consistently to the Company s shareholders, employees and customers. 

The
Board has not designated a lead director. Given the limited number of directors comprising the Board, the independent directors
call and plan their executive sessions collaboratively and, between meetings of the Board, communicate with management and one
another directly. Under these circumstances, the directors believe designating a lead director to take on responsibility for functions
in which they all currently participate might detract from rather than enhance performance of their responsibilities as directors. 

Director
Qualifications 

The
Company seeks directors with established strong professional reputations and experience in areas relevant to the strategy and operations
of its businesses. The Company also seeks directors who possess the qualities of integrity and candor, who have strong analytical
skills and who are willing to engage management and each other in a constructive and collaborative fashion, in addition to the
ability and commitment to devote time and energy to service on the Board and its committees. We believe that all of our directors
meet the foregoing qualifications. 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board believe that the leadership skills and other experience of the Board
members, as described below, provide the Company with a range of perspectives and judgment necessary to guide our strategies and
monitor their execution. 

Handong Cheng .
Mr. Cheng is the founder of the Company and has been serving the franchise and advertising media industries for more than fifteen
years. In 2003, he participated in the establishment of Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. and Business Opportunity Online
(Beijing) Networking Technology Ltd. (www.28.com), and engaged in operational, administration and management activities. Mr. Cheng
has contributed to the Board s strong leadership and vision for the development of the Company. 

George Chu .
Mr. Chu has been our Chief Operating Officer and Secretary since May 2010 and been our director since June 2015. Mr. Chu has years
of experience in capital markets, financial and business management. 

Pau Chung Ho. Mr. Pau has extensive
experience in operation management, business strategy development and corporate governance. 

Zhiqing Chen .
Mr. Chen contributes to the Board extensive legal knowledge with respect to foreign investments and mergers and acquisitions. Mr.
Chen also has experience working with PRC enterprises and international corporations. 

Chang Qiu .
Mr. Qiu has extensive experience working with PRC enterprises and international corporations. Mr. Qiu contributes to the Board
his knowledge with respect to foreign investments, business strategy and corporate finance. 

Meetings
of the Board of Directors 

The Board held eight meetings during 2019.
During 2019, no director attended fewer than 75 of the meetings of the Board and Board committees of which the director was a
member. 

The Company s directors are expected
to attend board meetings as frequently as necessary to properly discharge their responsibilities and to spend the time needed to
prepare for each such meeting. The Company s directors are expected to attend annual meetings of stockholders, but we do
not have a formal policy requiring them to do so. Except Mr. Pau who has served as our director from August 5, 2019, all other
directors of ours attended the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders held on June 27, 2019. 

52 

Code of Ethics 

The
Company adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to its directors, officers and employees on December 21, 2009. The Code of Ethics is
designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote ethical conduct and full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable reports that the
Company files or submits to the Securities and Exchange Commission and others. A printed copy of the Code of Ethics may be obtained
free of charge by writing to us at our headquarters located at No. 9 South Min Zhuang Road, Haidian District, Beijing, PRC 100195
or on our website, www.chinanet-online.com. 

Board Committees 

The
Board has a standing audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committee, comprised solely of independent directors.
Each committee has a charter, which is available at the Company s website, www.chinanet-online.com. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee, which is established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, engages Company s independent
accountants, reviewing their independence and performance; reviews the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes
and the integrity of its financial statements; the audits of the Company s financial statements and the appointment, compensation,
qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s independent auditors; the Company s compliance with legal
and regulatory requirements; and the performance of the Company s internal audit function and internal control over financial
reporting. The Audit Committee held five meetings during 2019. 

The
members of the Audit Committee are Chang Qiu, Zhiqing Chen and Pau Chung Ho . The Board
has determined that Mr. Qiu is an audit committee financial expert, as defined in the Exchange Act. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee reviews annually the Company s corporate goals and objectives relevant to the officers compensation,
evaluates the officers performance in light of such goals and objectives, determines and approves the officers compensation
level based on this evaluation; makes recommendations to the Board regarding approval, disapproval, modification, or termination
of existing or proposed employee benefit plans, makes recommendations to the Board with respect to non-CEO and non-CFO compensation
and administers the Company s incentive-compensation plans and equity-based plans. The Compensation Committee has the authority
to delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as it may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The chief executive
officer of the Company may not be present during voting or deliberations of the Compensation Committee with respect to his compensation.
The Company s executive officers do not play a role in suggesting their own salaries. Neither the Company nor the Compensation
Committee has engaged any compensation consultant who has a role in determining or recommending the amount or form of executive
or director compensation. The Compensation Committee held one meeting during 2019. 

The
members of the Compensation Committee are Zhiqing Chen, Chang Qiu and Pau Chung Ho. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board in identifying qualified individuals to the Board as its nominees
for election as directors, in determining the composition of the Board, and in assessing the Board s effectiveness. The Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee held one meeting during 2019. 

53 

The
members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Zhiqing Chen, Chang Qiu and Pau Chung Ho. 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider director candidates recommended by security holders. Potential nominees
to the Board are required to have such experience in business or financial matters as would make such nominee an asset to the Board
and may, under certain circumstances, be required to be independent , as such term is defined under Rule 5605 of the
listing standards of NASDAQ and applicable SEC regulations. Security holders wishing to submit the name of a person as a potential
nominee to the Board must send the name, address, and a brief (no more than 500 words) biographical description of such potential
nominee to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee at the following address: Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
of the Board of Directors, c/o ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc., No. 9 South Min Zhuang Road, Haidian District, Beijing, PRC. Potential
director nominees will be evaluated by personal interview, such interview to be conducted by one or more members of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee, and/or any other method the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee deems appropriate,
which may, but need not, include a questionnaire. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may solicit or receive information
concerning potential nominees from any source it deems appropriate. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee need not
engage in an evaluation process unless (i) there is a vacancy on the Board, (ii) a director is not standing for re-election, or
(iii) the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee does not intend to recommend the nomination of a sitting director for re-election.
A potential director nominee recommended by a security holder will not be evaluated differently from any other potential nominee.
Although it has not done so in the past, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may retain search firms to assist in
identifying suitable director candidates. 

The
Board does not have a formal policy on Board candidate qualifications. The Board may consider those factors it deems appropriate
in evaluating director nominees made either by the Board or stockholders, including judgment, skill, strength of character, experience
with businesses and organizations comparable in size or scope to the Company, experience and skill relative to other Board members,
and specialized knowledge or experience. Depending upon the current needs of the Board, certain factors may be weighed more or
less heavily. In considering candidates for the Board, the directors evaluate the entirety of each candidate s credentials
and do not have any specific minimum qualifications that must be met. Diversity, as such, is not a criterion that
the Committee considers . The directors will consider candidates from any reasonable
source, including current Board members, stockholders, professional search firms or other persons. The directors will not evaluate
candidates differently based on who has made the recommendation. 

Stockholder Communications 

Stockholders
can mail communications to the Board, c/o Secretary, ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc., No. 9 South Min Zhuang Road, Haidian District,
Beijing, PRC, who will forward the correspondence to each addressee. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires Company s directors and executive officers and any beneficial owner
of more than 10 of any class of Company equity security to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and furnish copies of the reports to Company. Based solely on the Company s review of copies of such
forms and written representations by Company s executive officers and directors received by it, Company believes that during
2019, all such reports were filed timely. 

54 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

Compensation of Executive
Officers 

Our
Board of Directors has not adopted or established a formal policy or procedure for determining the amount of compensation paid
to our executive officers. No pre-established, objective performance goals or metrics have been used by the Board of Directors
in determining the compensation of our executive officers. 

Elements
of Compensation 

Our
executive officers receive a base salary to compensate them for services rendered during the year. In additional to their base
salary, we also provide equity incentives to attract and retain executive talent for the Company s continued success. 

Base
Salary and Bonus. The value of base salary and bonus for each our executive reflects his skill set and the market value of that
skill set in the sole discretion of the Board of Director. 

Equity
Incentives. The ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan provides for the granting
of distribution equivalent rights, incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, performance share awards, performance
unit awards, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, stock appreciation rights, tandem stock appreciation rights,
unrestricted stock awards or any combination of the foregoing, as may be best suited to the circumstances of the particular employee,
director or consultant as provided therein (the Awards ). Certain Awards are intended to qualify as incentive
stock options within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). The 2015 Plan was approved by our
stockholders on June 25, 2015. 

Retirement
Benefits. Our executive officers are not presently entitled to company-sponsored retirement benefits. 

Perquisites.
We have not provided our executive officers with any material perquisites and other personal benefits and, therefore, we do not
view perquisites as a significant or necessary element of our executive s compensation. 

Deferred
Compensation. We do not provide our executives the opportunity to defer receipt of annual compensation. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information regarding compensation of the named executive officers for each of the two fiscal years
in the period ended December 31, 2019. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Total 
 
 Handong Cheng (Chief Executive Officer) 
 2019 
 7,347 

7,347 

2018 
 30,347 

30,347 

Mark Li (Chief Financial Officer) 
 2019 
 35,697 

35,697 

2018 

Zhige Zhang (Former Chief Financial Officer) 
 2019 
 8,176 

8,176 

2018 
 17,545 

17,545 

George Kai Chu (Chief Operating Officer and Secretary) 
 2019 
 6,045 

6,045 

2018 
 27,053 

27,053 

On July 8, 2019, Zhige Zhang resigned as our Chief Financial Officer. On that same day, Mark Li was appointed as our new
Chief Financial Officer. 

55 

Our
executive officers are reimbursed by us for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities conducted on our
behalf. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of such
expenses by anyone other than our Board, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction
if such reimbursement is challenged. 

Employment Agreements 

We
enter into a standard employment contract with our executive officers for a set period of years. According to the contracts, these
executive officers will devote substantially all of his/her time to the service of our company and may not compete directly or
indirectly with us. These executive officers also agreed that in the event that his/her employment with us is terminated, for a
period of two year following the date of his/her termination of employment, he/she will not contact, for any commercial purpose,
or provide to a third party, information about clients or entities with which we were acquainted during the term of his employment
with us. Subject to certain exceptions, either party may terminate the employment agreement upon 30 days prior written notice. 

We
do not have change-in-control agreements with any of our directors or executive officers, and we are not obligated to pay severance
or other enhanced benefits to executive officers upon termination of their employment. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY
AWARDS AT FISCAL 2019 YEAR END 

OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Handong Cheng (Chief Executive Officer) 
 23,936 

3.00 
 November 29, 2021 

99,400 

2.10 
 September 14, 2020 

Mark Li (Chief Financial Officer) 

Zhige Zhang (Former Chief Financial Officer) 
 6,600 

3.00 
 November 29, 2021 

George Kai Chu (Chief Operating Officer and Secretary) 
 3,096 

3.00 
 November 29, 2021 

83,240 

2.10 
 September 14, 2020 

56 

Compensation of Directors 

The following table sets forth information
regarding compensation of each director, other than named executive officers, for fiscal 2019. 

FISCAL 2019 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards (1) ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Zhiqing Chen 
 6,000 

6,000 

Mototaka Watanabe 
 3,500 

3,500 

Chang Qiu 
 6,000 
 53,100 

59,100 

Pau Chung Ho 
 14,125 

14,125 

On August 5, 2019, Mototaka Watanabe resigned as a director of our company and as
a member of our audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees . On that same day, Mr.
Pau Chung Ho was appointed to fill the vacancy created from Mr. Watanabe s resignation . 

(1) The aggregate grant date fair value
 of the restricted stock awarded to each named executive officer is computed in accordance
 with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions 

It
is our policy to not enter any transaction (other than compensation arrangements in the ordinary course) with any director, executive
officer, employee, or principal stockholder or party related to them, unless authorized by a majority of the directors having no
interest in the transaction, upon a favorable recommendation by the Audit Committee (or a majority of its disinterested members). 

57 

ITEM 12 SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of Common Stock, as of May 26, 2020, by each of
the Company s directors and executive officers; all executive officers and directors as a group, and each person known to
the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of Company s Common Stock. Except as otherwise noted, the persons identified
have sole voting and investment powers with respect to their shares. 

Common Stock 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares 
 Percent of Class (2) 
 
 Handong Cheng (3)(5) 
 4,658,800 
 21.36 
 
 Mark Li (6) 
 221,542 
 1.02 
 
 George Kai Chu (7) 
 971,061 
 4.46 
 
 Zhiqing Chen (8) 
 70,000 

Chang Qiu (9) 
 90,000 

Pau Chung Ho 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (6 persons) 
 6,011,403 
 27.44 
 
 Rise King Investments Limited (3)(4) 
 2,941,976 
 13.56 
 
 Zhige Zhang (3)(10) 
 2,971,876 
 13.70 
 
 Xuanfu Liu (3) 
 2,941,976 
 13.56 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 The address of each director and executive officer is c/o ChinaNet Online Holdings,
Inc., No. 9 South Min Zhuang Road, Haidian District, Beijing PRC 100195. 

(2) 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally
includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of Common Stock subject to securities anticipated to be
exercisable or convertible at or within 60 days of May 26, 2020, are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person
holding such option or warrant but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. The indication
herein that shares are anticipated to be beneficially owned is not an admission on the part of the listed stockholder that he,
she or it is or will be a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares. 

(3) 
 Rise King Investments Limited Rise King is collectively owned by Handong Cheng, Xuanfu Liu and Zhige Zhang.
As a result, Mr. Cheng, Mr. Liu and Mr. Zhang may be deemed to be beneficial owners of the shares of our common stock held by Rise
King. Each of Mr. Cheng, Mr. Liu and Mr. Zhang disclaim such beneficial ownership, and nothing herein shall be deemed to be an
admission that Mr. Cheng, Mr. Liu or Mr. Zhang is the beneficial owner of any such shares for any purpose. Information regarding
this beneficial owner is furnished in reliance upon the Form 4, dated August 18, 2015. 

(4) 
 The business address of Rise King Investments Limited is P.O. Box 957, Offshore Incorporations
Center, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands. Information regarding this beneficial owner is furnished in reliance upon the
Schedule 13D, dated July 6, 2009. 

(5) 
 Consists of (i) 2,941,976 shares of common stock owned by Rise King and which are
deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Cheng; (ii) 1,593,488 shares of common stock owned directly by Mr. Cheng; and (iii) options
to purchase up to 123,336 shares of the Company s common stock that are exercisable within 60 days from May 26, 2020. 

(6) 
 Consists of 221,542 shares of common stock. 

(7) 
 Consists of (i) 884,725 shares of common stock and (ii) options to purchase up to
86,336 shares of the Company s common stock that are exercisable within 60 days from May 26, 2020. 

(8) 
 Consists of 70,000 shares of common stock. 

(9) Consists
of 90,000 shares of common stock. 

(10) 
 Consists of (i) 2,941,976 shares of common stock owned by Rise King and which are
deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Zhang; (ii) 23,300 shares of common stock owned directly by Mr. Zhang; and (iii) options
to purchase up to 6,600 shares of the Company s common stock that are exercisable within 60 days from May 26, 2020. 

58 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions 

For
the year ended December 31, 2019, we generated an approximately US 0.90 million advertising and marketing services revenues from
a related party, over which one of our executive officers can exercise significant influence. The advertising and marketing services
were provided to this related party in our normal course of business on the same terms as those provided to our unrelated clients.
For the year ended December 31, 2018, no revenues was generated from related parties. 

Director Independence 

The
Board has determined that Pau Chung Ho, Zhiqing Chen and Chang Qiu are independent under the current independence
standards of Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Marketplace Rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC and meet the criteria set forth in Rule 10A(m)(3)
under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTANT FEE AND SERVICES 

The following table sets forth the aggregate
fees billed to us by categories specified below in connection with certain professional services rendered by Centurion ZD CPA 
Co. CZD our independent registered public accounting firm, whom we engaged on October 7, 2019 and by Marcum Bernstein
 Pinchuk LLP MarcumBP our former independent registered public accounting firm, we dismissed on the same date
as we engaged CZD (see Item 9). 

Fees 
 2019 
 2018 
 
 Audit Fees 
 231,800 
 244,070 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 
 25,750 
 12,360 
 
 Total 
 257,550 
 256,430 

including approximately US 0.17 million fees billed by CZD
and US 0.09 million fees billed by MarcumBP, respectively. 

Audit Fees 

This category includes
aggregate fees billed by our independent auditors for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the auditor in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings for those fiscal years. 

Audit-Related Fees 

This category consists
of services by our independent auditors that, including accounting consultations on transaction related matters, are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. 

Tax Fees 

This category consists
of professional services rendered for tax compliance and preparation of our corporate tax returns and other tax advice. 

All Other Fees 

This category consists
of professional services rendered for products and services provided, other than the services reported above under Audit Fees,
Audit-Related Fees and Tax Fees. 

59 

Pre-Approval of Services 

The Audit Committee
must pre-approve all audit, review, attest and permissible non-audit services (including any permissible internal control-related
services) to be provided to the company or its subsidiaries by the independent auditors. The Audit Committee may establish pre-approval
policies and procedures in compliance with applicable SEC rules. All services described under the caption Services and Fees of
Independent Accountants were pre-approved. 

PART
IV. 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS
AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

a) The following are filed with this report: 

(1) The financial statements listed on the Financial Statement s Table of Contents 

(2) Not applicable 

(3) The exhibits referred to below, which include the following managerial contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements: 

2.1 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2009, by and among Emazing Interactive, Inc., G. Edward Hancock, China Net Online Media Group Limited, and the shareholders of China Net Online Media Group Limited.(1) 
 
 2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger (2) 
 
 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of Emazing Interactive, Inc., as amended (1) 
 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (14) 
 
 3.3 
 Articles of Merger. (2) 
 
 3.4 
 By-laws. (4) 
 
 4.1 
 2011 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan (9) 
 
 4.2 
 ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. (13) 
 
 4.3 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (15) 

4.4 
 Description of Securities + 
 
 10.1 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, dated October 8, 2008, by and between Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 Exclusive Option Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2008, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. and Handong Cheng with respect to Mr. Cheng s equity interest in Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 Exclusive Option Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2008, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. and Xuanfu Liu with respect to Mr. Liu s equity interest in Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. (1) 

60 

10.4 
 Exclusive Option Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2008, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. and Li Sun with respect to Ms. Sun s equity interest in Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd.(1) 
 
 10.5 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2008, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. and Handong Cheng with respect to Mr. Cheng s equity interest in Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2008, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. and Xuanfu Liu with respect to Mr. Liu s equity interest in Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.7 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2008, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. and Li Sun with respect to Ms. Sun s equity interest in Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. (1) 

10.8 
 Power of Attorney of Handong Cheng, dated as of October 8, 2008, appointing Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. as his agent and attorney in connection with his equity interest in Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.9 
 Power of Attorney of Xuanfu Liu, dated as of October 8, 2008, appointing Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. as his agent and attorney in connection with his equity interest in Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.10 
 Power of Attorney of Li Sun, dated as of October 8, 2008, appointing Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. as her agent and attorney in connection with her equity interest in Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.11 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, dated October 8, 2008, by and between Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.12 
 Exclusive Option Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2008, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. and Handong Cheng with respect to Mr. Cheng s equity interest in Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.13 
 Exclusive Option Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2008, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. and Xuanfu Liu with respect to Mr. Liu s equity interest in Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 

10.14 
 Exclusive Option Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2008, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. and Li Sun with respect to Ms. Sun s equity interest in Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.15 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2008, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. and Handong Cheng with respect to Mr. Cheng s equity interest in Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 

61 

10.16 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2008, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. and Xuanfu Liu with respect to Mr. Liu s equity interest in Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.17 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2008, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. and Li Sun with respect to Ms. Sun s equity interest in Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.18 
 Power of Attorney of Handong Cheng, dated as of October 8, 2008, appointing Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. as his agent and attorney in connection with his equity interest in Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.19 
 Power of Attorney of Xuanfu Liu, dated as of October 8, 2008, appointing Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. as his agent and attorney in connection with his equity interest in Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 

10.20 
 Power of Attorney of Li Sun, dated as of October 8, 2008, appointing Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. as her agent and attorney in connection with her equity interest in Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.21 
 Entrustment Agreement, dated June 5, 2009, by and between Rise King Investments Limited and Handong Cheng, Xuanfu Liu and Li Sun. (1) 
 
 10.22 
 Share Transfer Agreement, dated April 28, 2009, by and between Yang Li and Handong Cheng. (1) 
 
 10.23 
 Share Transfer Agreement, dated April 28, 2009, by and between Yang Li and Xuanfu Liu. (1) 
 
 10.24 
 Share Transfer Agreement, dated April 28, 2009, by and between Yang Li and Li Sun. (1) 
 
 10.25 
 Internet Banking Experiencing All-in-One Engine Strategic Cooperation Agreement, dated August 7, 2008, by and between Henan Branch of China Construction Bank and Shanghai Borongdingsi Computer Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.26 
 Cooperation Agreement, dated July 8, 2008, by and between Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Borongdingsi Computer Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.27 
 Supplemental Agreement to the Cooperation Agreement, dated December 10, 2008, by and between Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Borongdingsi Computer Technology Co., Ltd. (1) 

10.28 
 Office Lease Agreement, dated January 1, 2009, by and between Beijing YuQuanHuiGu Realty Management Ltd. Co. and Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Ltd. Co. (1) 
 
 10.29 
 Office Lease Agreement, dated January 1, 2009, by and between Beijing YuQuanHuiGu Realty Management Ltd. Co. and Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. (1) 

62 

10.30 
 Office Lease Agreement, dated January 1, 2009, by and between Beijing YuQuanHuiGu Realty Management Ltd. Co. and Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (1) 
 
 10.31 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2009. (3) 
 
 10.32 
 Securities Escrow Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2009. (3) 
 
 10.33 
 Independent Director Agreement effective as of November 30, 2009 by and between the Company and Douglas MacLellan. (5) 
 
 10.34 
 Independent Director Agreement effective as of November 30, 2009 by and between the Company and Mototaka Watanabe. (5) 
 
 10.35 
 Independent Director Agreement effective as of November 30, 2009 by and between the Company and Zhiqing Chen. (5) 
 
 10.36 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2010, by and between Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and Rise King (Shanghai) Advertisement Media Co., Ltd. (8) 
 
 10.37 
 Exclusive Option Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2010, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Wei Yanmin and Rise King (Shanghai) Advertisement Media Co., Ltd. (8) 

10.38 
 Exclusive Option Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2010, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Wu Huamin and Rise King (Shanghai) Advertisement Media Co., Ltd. (8) 
 
 10.39 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement dated as of December 6, 2010, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Wei Yanmin and Rise King (Shanghai) Advertisement Media Co., Ltd. (8) 
 
 10.40 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement dated as of December 6, 2010, by and among Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Wu Huamin and Rise King (Shanghai) Advertisement Media Co., Ltd. (8) 
 
 10.41 
 Power of Attorney of Wei Yanmin, dated as of December 6, 2010, appointing Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. as his exclusive agent and attorney in connection with his equity interest in Rise King (Shanghai) Advertisement Media Co., Ltd. (8) 
 
 10.42 
 Power of Attorney of Wu Huamin, dated as of December 6, 2010, appointing Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. as his exclusive agent and attorney in connection with his equity interest in Rise King (Shanghai) Advertisement Media Co., Ltd. (8) 
 
 10.43 
 Equity Transfer Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2011, Among Business Opportunity Online (Hubei) Network Technology Co., Ltd., Liu Yihang, Wei Yanmin and Soo Yi Lian Mei Network Technology (Beijing) Co. Ltd. (10) 

10.44 
 English Translation of the Equity Transfer Agreement by and among Business Opportunity Online (Hubei) Network Technology Co., Ltd., Liu Yihong and Sou Yi Lian Mei Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., dated September 10, 2012. (11) 

63 

10.45 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 5, 2015. (7) 
 
 10.46 
 Lock-Up Agreement, dated May 5, 2015. (7) 
 
 10.47 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 26, 2015. (12) 
 
 10.48 
 Lock-Up Agreement, dated May 26, 2015. (12) 
 
 10.49 
 Letter Agreement, dated January 8, 2018, between ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. and FT Global Capital, Inc. (15) 
 
 10.50 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 12, 2018, among ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. and certain institutional investors. (15) 
 
 10.51 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 7, 2019. (16) 
 
 10.52 
 English translation of the Technical Development (Commission) Contract dated as of February 28, 2018 by and among the Company, ChinaNet Online Technology Co., Ltd. and RedRun Limited (17) 
 
 10.53 
 English translation of the Technical Development (Commission) Contract dated as of March 8, 2018 by and between Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and Beijing Shengshi Kaida Technical Service Co., Ltd. (17) 
 
 14 
 Code of Ethics (6) 
 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant + 
 
 23.1 
 Consent of Centurion ZD CPA Co. +

23.2 
 Consent of Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP + 
 
 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. + 

31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. + 
 
 32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. + 

+ Filed herewith 

Denotes managerial contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements: 

(1) Incorporated by reference herein to the Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2009. 

(2) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on July 24, 2009. 

(3) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on August 27, 2009. 

(4) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-1 filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2006. 

(5) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on December 2, 2009. 

(6) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on December 21, 2009 

(7) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on March 31, 2011. 

(8) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on May 11, 2011. 

64 

(9) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on December 16, 2011. 

(10) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on September 11, 2012. 

(11) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on May 7, 2015. 

(12) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on May 28, 2015. 

(13) Incorporated by reference herein to Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2015. 

(14) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on August 18, 2016. 

(15) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on January 12, 2018. 

(16) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on August 9, 2019. 

(17) Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3,
as amended, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2020. 

(b) The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index are filed as part of this report. 

(c) Not applicable. 

Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

65 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. 

Dated: May 26, 2020 

By: 
 /s/ Handong Cheng 

Name: 
 Handong Cheng 

Title: 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Dated: May 26, 2020 

By: 
 /s/ Handong Cheng 

Name: 
 Handong Cheng 

Title: 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: May 26, 2020 

By: 
 /s/ Mark Li 

Name: 
 Mark Li 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

Dated: May 26, 2020 

By: 
 /s/ George Kai Chu 

Name: 
 George Kai Chu 

Title: 
 Director 

Dated: May 26, 2020 

By: 
 /s/ Zhiqing Chen 

Name: 
 Zhiqing Chen 

Title: 
 Director 

Dated: May 26, 2020 

By: 
 /s/ Pau Chung Ho 

Name: 
 Pau Chung Ho 

Title: 
 Director 

Dated: May 26, 2020 

By: 
 /s/ Chang Qiu 

Name: 
 Changhua Qiu 

Title: 
 Director 

66 

CHINANET ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019
AND 2018 

Pages 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 
 F-3 - F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 
 F-5 - F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 
 F-7 - F-8 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 
 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-10 - F-43 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To: 
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2019, and the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in equity and cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2019, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2019,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3b to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company has a significant working capital deficiency and suffered from losses from operation and significant accumulated deficits.
The Company comes to have insufficient cash flows generated from operations and provided for development. In addition, the Company
continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

 Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

Hong Kong, China 

 May 26, 2020 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of 

 ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of ChinaNet online Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2018, the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2018, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2018, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 3b, the
Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet
its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as
a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3b. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk llp 

Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011 . 

New York, NY 

 April 15, 2019 

NEW YORK OFFICE 
 7 Penn Plaza Suite 830 New York, New York 10001 

 Phone 646.442.4845 
 Fax 646.349.5200 www.marcumbp.com 

F- 2 

CHINANET ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In thousands, except for number of shares
and per share data) 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

(US 
 (US 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 1,603 
 3,742 
 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 3,148 and 3,393, respectively 
 3,260 
 6,359 
 
 Prepayment and deposit to suppliers 
 6,980 
 2,154 
 
 Due from related parties, net 
 81 
 226 
 
 Other current assets, net 
 11 
 19 
 
 Total current assets 
 11,935 
 12,500 

Long-term investments 
 35 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 12 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 78 
 142 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 1,899 
 45 
 
 Blockchain platform applications development costs 
 3,879 
 3,725 
 
 Deferred tax assets, net 
 713 
 556 
 
 Total Assets 
 18,551 
 16,968 

Liabilities and Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Short-term bank loan 
 430 
 874 
 
 Accounts payable 
 408 
 2,869 
 
 Advances from customers 
 2,006 
 1,061 
 
 Accrued payroll and other accruals 
 491 
 521 
 
 Taxes payable 
 3,214 
 2,997 
 
 Lease payment liabilities related to short-term leases 
 136 
 - 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 221 
 118 
 
 Warrant liabilities 
 107 
 606 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 7,013 
 9,046 

F- 3 

CHINANET ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 

 (In thousands, except for number of shares
and per share data) 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

(US 
 (US 
 
 Long-term liabilities: 

Long-term borrowing from a director 
 125 
 128 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 7,138 
 9,174 

Commitments and contingencies 

Equity: 

ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. s stockholders equity 

Common stock (US 0.001 par value; authorized 50,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 19,629,403 shares and 16,382,543 shares at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 
 20 
 16 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 43,111 
 38,275 
 
 Statutory reserves 
 2,607 
 2,607 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (35,773 
 (34,512 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 1,505 
 1,457 
 
 Total ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. s stockholders equity 
 11,470 
 7,843 

Noncontrolling interests 
 (57 
 (49 
 
 Total equity 
 11,413 
 7,794 

Total Liabilities and Equity 
 18,551 
 16,968 

All of the VIEs' assets can be used to
settle obligations of their primary beneficiary. Liabilities recognized as a result of consolidating these VIEs do not represent
additional claims on the Company s general assets (Note 2). 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

CHINANET ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (In thousands, except for number of shares
and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

(US 
 (US 

Revenues 

From unrelated parties 
 57,181 
 57,146 
 
 From related parties 
 899 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 
 58,080 
 57,146 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 52,582 
 54,728 
 
 Gross profit 
 5,498 
 2,418 

Operating expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 
 540 
 1,970 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 5,777 
 5,486 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 869 
 933 
 
 Impairment on intangible assets 
 - 
 3,330 
 
 Impairment on goodwill 
 - 
 5,211 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 7,186 
 16,930 

Loss from operations 
 (1,688 
 (14,512 

Other income/(expenses) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 499 
 1,669 
 
 Impairment on long-term investments 
 - 
 (453 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 (35 
 (37 
 
 Other income/(expenses) 
 3 
 (30 
 
 Total other income 
 467 
 1,149 

Loss before income tax expense and noncontrolling interests 
 (1,221 
 (13,363 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (49 
 (764 
 
 Net loss 
 (1,270 
 (14,127 
 
 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 9 
 102 
 
 Net loss attributable to ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. 
 (1,261 
 (14,025 

F- 5 

CHINANET ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (CONTINUED) 

 (In thousands, except for number of shares
and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

(US 
 (US 

Net loss 
 (1,270 
 (14,127 
 
 Foreign currency translation gain/(loss) 
 49 
 (135 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 (1,221 
 (14,262 
 
 Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 8 
 96 
 
 Comprehensive loss attributable to ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. 
 (1,213 
 (14,166 

Loss per share 

Loss per common share 

Basic and diluted 
 (0.07 
 (0.88 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 
 17,130,335 
 15,863,894 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

CHINANET ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

(US 
 (US 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 
 (1,270 
 (14,127 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 
 170 
 541 
 
 Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 
 90 
 - 
 
 Share-based compensation expenses 
 393 
 233 
 
 Provision of allowances for doubtful accounts 
 2,335 
 1,523 
 
 Impairment on intangible assets 
 - 
 3,330 
 
 Impairment on goodwill 
 - 
 5,211 
 
 Impairment on long-term investments 
 - 
 453 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 (499 
 (1,669 
 
 Deferred taxes 
 (168 
 764 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 
 699 
 (232 
 
 Prepayment and deposit to suppliers 
 (5,221 
 1,345 
 
 Due from related parties 
 145 
 (178 
 
 Other current assets 
 7 
 25 
 
 Accounts payable 
 (2,441 
 161 
 
 Advances from customers 
 973 
 (2,414 
 
 Accrued payroll and other accruals 
 (27 
 (28 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 110 
 (307 
 
 Taxes payable 
 265 
 (20 
 
 Prepaid lease payment 
 (10 
 - 
 
 Lease payment liability related to short-term leases 
 138 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (4,311 
 (5,389 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Payment for office equipment 
 - 
 (11 
 
 (Investment to)/withdraw investment from investees 
 (36 
 453 
 
 Short-term loan to unrelated parties 
 - 
 (2,107 
 
 Collection of short-term loan from unrelated parties 
 - 
 4,676 
 
 Payment for acquisition of noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 (1,889 
 
 Payment for blockchain platform applications development costs 
 (160 
 (3,738 
 
 Payment for purchase of software technology and other intangible assets 
 (1,962 
 (431 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (2,158 
 (3,047 

F- 7 

CHINANET ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(CONTINUED) 

 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

(US 
 (US 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrant (net of cash offering cost of US 15 and US 809, respectively) 
 4,787 
 10,263 
 
 Repayment to investors related to terminated security purchase agreements 
 - 
 (922 
 
 Proceeds from short-term bank loan 
 435 
 907 
 
 Repayment of short-term bank loan 
 (870 
 (756 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 4,352 
 9,492 

Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (22 
 (266 

Net (decrease)/increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (2,139 
 790 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of the year 
 3,742 
 2,952 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of the year 
 1,603 
 3,742 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest expense paid 
 42 
 157 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 8 

CHINANET ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY 

 (In thousands, except for number of shares) 

Common stock 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Statutory reserves 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Noncontrolling interests 
 Total equity 

Number of shares 
 Amount 

(US 
 (US 
 (US 
 (US 
 (US 
 (US 
 (US 

Balance, January 1, 2018 
 13,982,542 
 14 
 31,554 
 2,607 
 (20,487 
 1,598 
 177 
 15,463 
 
 Issuance of common stock for private placement, net of 1,890 proceeds allocated to investor warrants labilities and 1,194 direct offering costs (including 385 proceeds allocated to placement agent warrants liabilities), respectively 
 2,150,001 
 2 
 7,986 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,988 
 
 Share-based payment in exchange for services from nonemployees 
 250,000 
 - 
 421 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 421 
 
 Share-based compensation related to awards provided to employees and directors in 2015 
 - 
 - 
 152 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 152 
 
 Purchase noncontrolling interests in a Variable Interest Entity 
 - 
 - 
 (1,838 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (130 
 (1,968 
 
 Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (14,025 
 - 
 (102 
 (14,127 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (141 
 6 
 (135 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2018 
 16,382,543 
 16 
 38,275 
 2,607 
 (34,512 
 1,457 
 (49 
 7,794 
 
 Issuance of common stock for private placement, net of 15 direct offering cost 
 3,216,860 
 4 
 4,783 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,787 
 
 Share-based compensation related to awards provided to a director 
 30,000 
 - 
 53 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 53 
 
 Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,261 
 - 
 (9 
 (1,270 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 48 
 1 
 49 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2019 
 19,629,403 
 20 
 43,111 
 2,607 
 (35,773 
 1,505 
 (57 
 11,413 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 9 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Organization and nature of operations 

ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. (the Company was incorporated in the State
of Texas in April 2006 and re-domiciled to become a Nevada corporation in October 2006. On June 26, 2009, the Company consummated
a share exchange transaction with China Net Online Media Group Limited (the Share Exchange ), a company organized
under the laws of British Virgin Islands China Net BVI ). As a result of the Share Exchange, China Net BVI became
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the Company is now a holding company, which, through certain contractual arrangements
with operating companies in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ), is engaged in providing advertising,
precision marketing, online to offline sales channel expansion and the related data and technical services to small and medium
enterprises in the PRC. In early 2018, the Company commenced to expand its business into the blockchain industry and the related
technology. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company was in the process of developing its blockchain-powered
platform applications (See Note 11). 

The Company s wholly owned
subsidiary, China Net BVI was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on August 13, 2007. On April 11, 2008, China Net BVI became
the parent holding company of a group of companies comprised of CNET Online Technology Co. Limited, a Hong Kong company China
Net HK ), which established and is the parent company of Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., a
wholly foreign-owned enterprise WFOE established in the PRC Rise King WFOE ). The Company refers
to the transactions that resulted in China Net BVI becoming an indirect parent company of Rise King WFOE as the Offshore
Restructuring. 

PRC regulations prohibit direct
foreign ownership of business entities providing internet content, or ICP services in the PRC, and used to restrict foreign ownership
of business entities engaging in the advertising business, which was subsequently lifted in June 2015. To satisfy PRC laws and
regulations, the Company conducts certain business in the PRC through its Variable Interest Entities VIEs ). Through
a series of contractual agreements (the Contractual Agreements or VIE Agreements between Rise King
WFOE and Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. Business Opportunity Online ), Beijing
CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. Beijing CNET Online (collectively the PRC Operating Entities or
the VIEs and its common individual owners (the PRC Shareholders or the Control Group ),
the Company, through Rise King WFOE, secures significant rights to influence the PRC Operating Entities business operations,
policies and management, approve all matters requiring shareholder approval, and the right to receive the income earned by the
PRC Operating Entities. In return, Rise King WFOE provides consulting services to the PRC Operating Entities. In addition, to ensure
that the PRC Operating Entities and the PRC Shareholders perform their obligations under the Contractual Arrangements, the PRC
Shareholders have pledged all of their equity interests in the PRC Operating Entities to Rise King WFOE. They also entered into
an option agreement with Rise King WFOE which provides that at such time as when the restrictions under PRC law on foreign ownership
of Chinese companies engaging in the Internet content, information services or advertising business in China are lifted, Rise King
WFOE may exercise its option to purchase the equity interests in the PRC Operating Entities, directly. 

Pursuant to the Contractual
Agreements, all of the equity owners' rights and obligations of the VIEs were assigned to Rise King WFOE, which resulted in the
equity owners lacking the ability to make decisions that have a significant effect on the VIEs, Rise King WFOE's ability to extract
the profits from the operation of the VIEs and assume the residual benefits of the VIEs. Due to the fact that Rise King WFOE and
its indirect parent are the sole interest holders of the VIEs, the Company included the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses
of the VIEs in its consolidated financial statements, which is consistent with the provisions of FASB Accounting Standards Codification
("ASC") Topic 810 Consolidation , subtopic 10. 

F- 10 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As of December 31, 2019, the
Company s consolidated subsidiaries and VIEs are summarized as follows: 

Name of the subsidiary or VIE 
 
 Place and date of incorporation 
 
 Percentage of ownership 
 
 Principal activities 

China Net Online Media Group Limited China Net BVI (1) 

British Virgin Islands, 
 August 13, 2007 
 
 100 
 
 Investment holding company 

CNET Online Technology Co. Limited China Net HK (1) 

Hong Kong, 
 September 4, 2007 
 
 100 
 
 Investment holding company 

ChinaNet Investment Holding Ltd. ChinaNet Investment BVI (1) 

British Virgin Islands, 
 January 12, 2015 
 
 100 
 
 Investment holding company 

Grandon Investments Limited. Grandon BVI (1) 

British Virgin Islands, 
 February 13, 2006 
 
 100 
 
 Investment holding company, providing technical services 

Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Rise King WFOE (1) 

PRC, 
 January 17, 2008 
 
 100 
 
 Investment holding company, providing technical services 

Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. Business Opportunity Online (2) 

PRC, 
 December 8, 2004 
 
 100 
 
 Providing online advertising, precision marketing and the related data services 

Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. Beijing CNET Online) (2) 

PRC, 
 January 27, 2003 
 
 100 
 
 Providing TV advertising service and other value-added services 

ChinaNet Online Holdings Co., Ltd. ChinaNet Online PRC (1) 

PRC, 
 August 31, 2015 
 
 100 
 
 Investment holding company 

Beijing Chuang Fu Tian Xia Network Technology Co., Ltd. Beijing Chuang Fu Tian Xia (2) 

PRC, 
 March 1, 2011 
 
 100 
 
 Providing online advertising, precision marketing and the related data services 

Business Opportunity Online (Hubei) Network Technology Co., Ltd. Business Opportunity Online Hubei (2) 

PRC, 
 January 28, 2011 
 
 100 
 
 Providing online advertising, precision marketing and the related data services 

Hubei CNET Advertising Media Co., Ltd. Hubei CNET (2) 

PRC, 
 April 18, 2011 
 
 100 
 
 Providing TV advertising service and other value-added services 

Sheng Tian Network Technology (Hubei) Co., Ltd. Sheng Tian Hubei (2) 

PRC, 
 July 1, 2011 
 
 100 
 
 Providing online advertising, precision marketing and the related data services 

Beijing Chuang Shi Xin Qi Advertising Media Co., Ltd. Beijing Chuang Shi Xin Qi (2) 

PRC, 
 April 16, 2014 
 
 100 
 
 Providing online advertising, precision marketing and the related data services 

Beijing Shi Ji Cheng Yuan Advertising Media Co., Ltd. Beijing Shi Ji Cheng Yuan (2) 

PRC, 
 May 22, 2014 
 
 100 
 
 Providing online advertising, precision marketing and the related data services 

Beijing Hong Da Shi Xing Network Technology Co., Ltd. Beijing Hong Da Shi Xing (2) 

PRC, 
 April 16, 2014 
 
 100 
 
 Providing online advertising, precision marketing and the related data services 

Business Opportunity Chain (Beijing) Technology Development Co., Ltd. Business Opportunity Chain (1) 

PRC, 
 May 11, 2018 
 
 51 
 
 Providing research and develop and other technical support services for the blockchain business unit 

(1) A direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company. 

(2) The Company s consolidated VIE, or a direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company s
consolidated VIE. 

F- 11 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2. Variable Interest Entities 

To satisfy PRC laws and regulations,
the Company conducts certain business in the PRC through its Variable Interest Entities VIEs ). 

The significant terms of the
Company s VIE Agreements are summarized below: 

Exclusive Business Cooperation
Agreements: Pursuant to the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements entered into by and between Rise King WFOE and each
of the PRC Operating Entities, Rise King WFOE has the exclusive right to provide to the PRC Operating Entities complete technical
support, business support and related consulting services during the term of these agreements, which includes but is not limited
to technical services, business consultations, equipment or property leasing, marketing consultancy system integration, product
research and development, and system maintenance. In exchange for such services, each PRC Operating Entity has agreed to pay a
service fee consisting of a management fee and a fee for services provided, to Rise King WFOE, which shall be determined by Rise
King WFOE according to the following factors: the complexity and difficulty of the services, seniority of and time consumed by
the employees, specific contents, scope and value of the services, market price of the same type of services, and operation conditions
of the PRC Operating Entities. Each agreement shall remain effective unless terminated in accordance with the provisions thereof
or terminated in writing by Rise King WFOE. 

Exclusive Option Agreements: 
Under the Exclusive Option Agreements entered into by and among Rise King WFOE, each of the PRC Shareholders irrevocably granted
to Rise King WFOE or its designated person an exclusive option to purchase, to the extent permitted by PRC law, a portion or all
of their respective equity interest in any PRC Operating Entities for a purchase price of RMB 10, or a purchase price to be adjusted
to be in compliance with applicable PRC laws and regulations. Rise King WFOE, or its designated person, has the sole discretion
to decide when to exercise the option, whether in part or in full. Each of these agreements shall become effective upon execution
and remain effective until all equity interests held by the relevant PRC Shareholder(s) in the PRC Operating Entities have been
transferred or assigned to Rise King WFOE and/or any other person designated by Rise King WFOE. 

Equity Pledge Agreements: 
Under the Equity Pledge Agreements entered into by and among Rise King WFOE, the PRC Operating Entities and each of the PRC Shareholders,
the PRC Shareholders pledged all of their equity interests in the PRC Operating Entities to guarantee the PRC Operating Entities 
and the PRC Shareholders performance of the relevant obligations under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements and
other Contractual Agreements. If the PRC Operating Entities or any of the PRC Shareholders breaches its/his/her respective contractual
obligations under these agreements, or upon the occurrence of one of the events regarded as an event of default under each such
agreement, Rise King WFOE, as pledgee, will be entitled to certain rights, including the right to dispose of the pledged equity
interests. The PRC Shareholders of the PRC Operating Entities agreed not to dispose of the pledged equity interests or take any
actions that would prejudice Rise King WFOE's interest, and to notify Rise King WFOE of any events or upon receipt of any notices
which may affect Rise King WFOE's interest in the pledge. Each of the equity pledge agreements will be valid until all the obligations
under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements and other Contractual Agreements have been fulfilled, including the service
fee payments related to the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement are paid in full. 

Irrevocable Powers of
Attorney: The PRC Shareholders have each executed an irrevocable power of attorney to appoint Rise King WFOE as their exclusive
attorneys-in-fact to vote on their behalf on all PRC Operating Entities matters requiring shareholder approval. The term of each
power of attorney is valid so long as such shareholder is a shareholder of the respective PRC Operating Entity. 

As a result of these VIE Agreements,
the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Rise King WFOE, was granted with unconstrained decision making rights and power
over key strategic and operational functions that would significantly impact the PRC Operating Entities or the VIEs economic
performance, which includes, but is not limited to, the development and execution of the overall business strategy; important and
material decision making; decision making for merger and acquisition targets and execution of merger and acquisition plans; business
partnership strategy development and execution; government liaison; operation management and review; and human resources recruitment
and compensation and incentive strategy development and execution. Rise King WFOE also provides comprehensive services to the VIEs
for their daily operations, such as operational technical support, office automation technical support, accounting support, general
administration support and technical support for products and services. As a result of the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements,
the Equity Pledge Agreements and the Exclusive Option Agreements, the Company will bear all of the VIEs operating costs
in exchange for the net income of the VIEs. Under these agreements, the Company has the absolute and exclusive right to enjoy economic
benefits similar to equity ownership through the VIE Agreements with its PRC Operating Entities and their shareholders. 

F- 12 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In the opinion of the Company s
PRC legal counsel, as of the date hereof, the Company s current contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their respective
shareholders are valid, binding and enforceable. However, there are uncertainties and risks in relation to the Company s
VIE Structure. 

On
March 15, 2019, the National People s Congress of the PRC approved the Foreign Investment Law, which came into effect
on January 1, 2020, replaced the trio of existing laws regulating foreign investment in China, namely, the Sino-foreign Equity
Joint Venture Enterprise Law, the Sino-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law and the Wholly Foreign-invested Enterprise
Law, together with their implementation rules and ancillary regulations. 

The Foreign Investment Law embodies
an expected PRC regulatory trend to rationalize its foreign investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing international
practice and the legislative efforts to unify the corporate legal requirements for both foreign and domestic investments. However,
since it is relatively new, uncertainties still exist in relation to its interpretation and implementation. Though it does not
explicitly classify contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment, there is no assurance that foreign investment via
contractual arrangement would not be interpreted as a type of indirect foreign investment activities under the definition in the
future. In addition, the definition contains a catch-all provision which includes investments made by foreign investors through
means stipulated in laws or administrative regulations or other methods prescribed by the State Council. Therefore, it still leaves
leeway for future laws, administrative regulations or provisions promulgated by the State Council to provide for contractual arrangements
as a form of foreign investment. In any of these cases, it will be uncertain whether the Company s contractual arrangements
will be deemed to be in violation of the market access requirements for foreign investment under the PRC laws and regulations.
Furthermore, if future laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the State Council mandate further actions to
be taken by companies with respect to existing contractual arrangements, the Company may face substantial uncertainties as to whether
it can complete such actions in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to cope with any of
these or similar regulatory compliance challenges could materially and adversely affect the Company s current corporate structure,
corporate governance and business operations. 

In addition, these contractual
arrangements may not be as effective in providing the Company with control over the VIEs as direct ownership. Due to its VIE structure,
the Company has to rely on contractual rights to effect control and management of the VIEs, which exposes it to the risk of potential
breach of contract by the shareholders of the VIEs for a number of reasons. For example, their interests as shareholders of the
VIEs and the interests of the Company may conflict, and the Company may fail to resolve such conflicts; the shareholders may believe
that breaching the contracts will lead to greater economic benefit for them; or the shareholders may otherwise act in bad faith.
If any of the foregoing were to happen, the Company may have to rely on legal or arbitral proceedings to enforce its contractual
rights, including specific performance or injunctive relief, and claiming damages. Such arbitral and legal proceedings may cost
substantial financial and other resources, and result in a disruption of its business, and the Company cannot assure that the outcome
will be in its favor. In addition, as all of these contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution
of disputes through either arbitration or litigation in the PRC, they would be interpreted in accordance with PRC law and any disputes
would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures. The legal environment in the PRC is not as developed as in other jurisdictions,
such as the United States. As a result, uncertainties in the PRC legal system could further limit the Company s ability to
enforce these contractual arrangements. Furthermore, these contracts may not be enforceable in China if PRC government authorities
or courts take a view that such contracts contravene PRC laws and regulations or are otherwise not enforceable for public policy
reasons. In the event that the Company is unable to enforce any of these agreements, the Company would not be able to exert effective
control over the affected VIEs and consequently, the results of operations, assets and liabilities of the affected VIEs and their
subsidiaries would not be included in the Company's consolidated financial statements. If such were the case, the Company's cash
flows, financial position and operating performance would be materially adversely affected. 

F- 13 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Summarized below is the information
related to the VIEs assets and liabilities reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheets as of December 31,
2019 and 2018, respectively: 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 699 
 2,328 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 2,876 
 6,359 
 
 Prepayment and deposit to suppliers 
 3,998 
 1,724 
 
 Due from related parties, net 
 81 
 26 
 
 Other current assets, net 
 6 
 11 
 
 Total current assets 
 7,660 
 10,448 

Long-term investments 
 35 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 12 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 40 
 84 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 25 
 42 
 
 Deferred tax assets 
 713 
 556 
 
 Total Assets 
 8,485 
 11,130 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities: 

Short-term bank loan 
 430 
 874 
 
 Accounts payable 
 408 
 2,868 
 
 Advances from customers 
 2,006 
 1,059 
 
 Accrued payroll and other accruals 
 132 
 155 
 
 Taxes payable 
 2,568 
 2,562 
 
 Lease payment liabilities related to short-term leases 
 19 
 - 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 84 
 66 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 5,647 
 7,584 

Total Liabilities 
 5,647 
 7,584 

All of the
VIEs' assets can be used to settle obligations of their primary beneficiary. Liabilities recognized as a result of consolidating
these VIEs do not represent additional claims on the Company s general assets. 

Summarized below is the information
related to the financial performance of the VIEs reported in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively : 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Revenues 
 56,172 
 57,133 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 52,582 
 54,728 
 
 Total operating expenses (including impairment on intangible assets and goodwill) 
 4,652 
 12,826 
 
 Net loss before allocation to noncontrolling interests 
 929 
 10,862 

3. Summary of significant accounting policies 

a) Basis of presentation 

The consolidated
financial statements are prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America U.S. GAAP ). 

b) Going concern 

The Company
incurred operating losses and had negative operating cash flows and may continue to incur operating losses and generate negative
cash flows as the Company implements its future business plan. The Company s net loss attributable to stockholders for the
year ended December 31, 2019 was approximately US 1.26 million, compared with approximately US 14.03 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018. As of December 31, 2019, the Company has cash and cash equivalents of approximately US 1.60 million and net
cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2019 was approximately US 4.31 million. 

F- 14 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company
does not currently have sufficient cash or commitments for financing to sustain its operation for the twelve months from the issuance
date of these financial statements. The Company plans to optimize its internet resources cost investment strategy to improve the
gross profit margin of its core business and to further strengthen the accounts receivables collection management and negotiate
with vendors for more favorable payment terms, all of which will help to substantially increase the cashflows from operations.
However, the COVID-19 outbreak incurred in the first fiscal quarter of 2020 in the PRC has had and may continue to have an adverse
effect on the Company s business operations and cashflows. If the Company fails to achieve these goals, the Company may need
additional financing to execute its business plan. If additional financing is required, the Company cannot predict whether this
additional financing will be in the form of equity, debt, or another form, and the Company may not be able to obtain the necessary
additional capital on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. In the event that financing sources are not available, or
that the Company is unsuccessful in increasing its gross profit margin and reducing operating losses, the Company may be unable
to implement its current plans for expansion, repay debt obligations or respond to competitive pressures, any of which would have
a material adverse effect on the Company s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial
statements are issued. 

The consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 2019 have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going
concern, which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course
of business over a reasonable period of time. The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its uncertain
ability to increase gross profit margin and reduce operating loss from its core business and/or obtain additional equity and/or
debt financing. The accompanying financial statements as of December 31, 2019 do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of these uncertainties. If the Company is unable to continue as a going concern, it may have to liquidate its
assets and may receive less than the value at which those assets are carried on the financial statements. 

c) Principles of consolidation 

The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of all the subsidiaries and VIEs of the Company. All transactions and balances between
the Company and its subsidiaries and VIEs have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

d) Use of estimates 

The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these consolidated
financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The Company continually evaluates
these estimates and assumptions based on the most recently available information, historical experience and various other assumptions
that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the
financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. 

e) Foreign currency translation and transactions 

The Company
conducts substantially all of its operations through its PRC operating subsidiaries and VIEs, PRC is the primary economic environment
in which the Company operates. For financial reporting purposes, the financial statements of the Company s PRC operating
subsidiaries and VIEs, which are prepared using the functional currency of the PRC, Renminbi RMB ), are translated
into the Company s reporting currency, the United States Dollar U.S. dollar ). Assets and liabilities are translated
using the exchange rate at each balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated using average rates prevailing during each
reporting period, and stockholders equity is translated at historical exchange rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation
are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders equity. 

Transactions
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates
prevailing at the dates of the transactions. The resulting exchange differences are included in the determination of net loss of
the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the respective periods. 

F- 15 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The exchange
rates used to translate amounts in RMB into US for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements are as follows: 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 
 
 Balance sheet items, except for equity accounts 
 6.9762 
 6.8632 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 
 
 Items in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss 
 6.8985 
 6.6174 

No
representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been or could be converted into US at the above rates. 

f) Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and
cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and bank deposits, which are unrestricted as to withdrawal and use. The Company considers
all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents.
As of December 31, 2018, the Company s cash and cash equivalents also included an approximately US 0.03 million term deposit
placed as a collateral for the Company s short-term bank loan for a one-year period, which matured in October 2019. 

g) Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts
receivable are recorded at net realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less an allowance for uncollectible accounts
as needed. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in
the Company s existing accounts receivable. The Company determines the allowance based on aging data, historical collection
experience, customer specific facts and economic conditions. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means
of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company did not have any off-balance-sheet
credit exposure relating to its customers, suppliers or others. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company recorded
approximately US 2.34 million and US 0.76 million of allowances for doubtful accounts against its accounts receivable, respectively.
For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company also charged off approximately US 2.5 million account receivable balances against
the related allowance for doubtful accounts due to collection of these balances were considered remote . 

h) Long-term investments 

Equity method investments

The Company
accounts for its investments in entities in which the Company can exercise significant influence but does not own a majority equity
interest or control under the equity method of accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 323 Investments-Equity Method and
Joint Ventures . An investment (direct or indirect) of 20 or more of the voting stock shall lead to a presumption that in
the absence of predominate evidence to the contrary an investor has the ability to exercise significant influence over an investee.
Under the equity method of accounting, an investee company s accounts are not reflected within the Company s consolidated
balance sheets and statements of operations and comprehensive loss; however, the Company s pro-rata share of the income or
losses of the investee company is included in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company s
carrying value (including advance to the investee) in equity method investee companies is recorded as Long-term investments 
in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

When the
Company s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero, no further losses are recorded in the Company s
consolidated financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the investee company or has committed additional
funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income, the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals
the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. 

The Company
assesses its equity method investments for other-than-temporary impairment in accordance with ASC 323-10-35-31 through 35-32A,
evidence of loss in value might include, but would not necessarily be limited to, absence of an ability to recover the carrying
amount of the investment or inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity that would justify the carrying amount of
the investment. The impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying value exceed its fair value. 

F- 16 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, no other-than temporary impairment loss was recorded associated with the Company s equity
method investments. 

Investments in equity securities
and other ownership interests 

The Company s
investments in equity securities and other ownership interests (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting
or those that resulted in consolidation of the investee), i.e. investments in investee companies that are not consolidated, and
over which the Company does not exercise significant influence, are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 321: Investments-Equity
securities . The Company generally owns less than 20 interest in the voting securities of these investee companies. In accordance
with ASC 321-10-35-2, the Company chooses to measure these investments which do not have readily determinable fair values at cost
minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical
or a similar investment of the Company and records the carrying value of these investments as Long-term investments 
in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

In accordance
with ASC 321-10-35-3, the Company writes down the carrying value of these investments to its fair value if a qualitative assessment
indicates that the investment is impaired, and the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value, as determined
using the guidance in ASC 321-10-35-2. 

For the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company recorded approximately US nil and US 0.45 million of impairment loss, respectively,
associated with its investments in other ownership interests that are not accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 

i) Property and equipment, net 

Property
and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation/amortization. Depreciation/amortization is calculated on the straight-line
method after taking into account their respective estimated residual values over the following estimated useful lives: 

Leasehold improvements (years) 
 
 3 

Vehicles (years) 
 
 5 

Office equipment (years) 
 3 
 - 
 5 
 
 Electronic devices (years) 
 
 5 

Depreciation
expenses are included in sales and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses.
Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the lease term or estimated useful life. 

When property
and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, resulting gain or loss is included in net income or loss in the period of disposition.
Maintenance and repairs which do not improve or extend the expected useful lives of the assets are charged to expenses as incurred,
whereas the cost of renewals and betterments that extend the useful life of the assets are capitalized as additions to the related
assets. 

j) Intangible assets, net 

The Company
accounted for cost related to internal-used software in accordance with ASC Topic 350-40 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use
Software . Internal-use software is initially recorded at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated
useful economic life of 2 to 10 years. 

k) Impairment of long-lived assets 

In accordance
with ASC 360-10-35, long-lived assets, which include tangible long-lived assets and intangible long-lived assets, are reviewed
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the
estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its
estimated future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying amount of the
asset and its fair value. 

F- 17 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company recognized US nil and US 3.33 million impairment loss associated with its intangible
assets, respectively. See Note 3 (o) for detailed disclosures about the valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value
measurement for the Company s intangible assets. 

l) Goodwill 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired as a result
of the Company's acquisitions of interests in its consolidated VIEs. 

Goodwill
is not depreciated or amortized but is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level at least on an annual basis, and between
annual tests when an event occurs, or circumstances change that could indicate that the asset might be impaired. The Company adopted
ASU 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)-Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment , which eliminated
step 2 of the goodwill impairment test. As a result, the Company performs its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing
the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, and recognizes the goodwill impairment loss for the amount that the
carrying amount of a reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated
to that reporting unit. In accordance with ASC 350-20-35-31, if goodwill and another asset (or asset group) of a reporting unit
are tested for impairment at the same time, the other asset (or asset group) shall be tested for impairment before goodwill. If
the other asset (or asset group) was impaired, the impairment loss would be recognized prior to goodwill being test for impairment. 

Application
of a goodwill impairment test requires significant management judgments. The judgments in estimating the fair value of reporting
units includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates and making other assumptions. Changes in these
estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit. 

For the year
ended December 31, 2018, after assessing the events or circumstances as described in ASC 350-20-35-3C (a) through (g), the Company
determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of its internet advertising and data services reporting unit was
less than its carrying amount. As a result, the Company performed interim goodwill impairment test as of June 30, 2018 and recognized
an approximately US 5.21 million of goodwill impairment loss associated with this reporting unit, which was equal to the remaining
carrying amount of the Company s goodwill as of June 30, 2018. See Note 3 (o) for detailed disclosures about the valuation
techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurement for the Company s goodwill. 

m) Changes in a parent s ownership interest while the parent retains its controlling financial
interest in its subsidiary 

The Company
accounted for changes in a parent s ownership interest while the parent retains its controlling financial interest in its
subsidiary in accordance with ASC Topic 810 Consolidation , subtopic 10, which requires the transaction be accounted
for as an equity transaction. Therefore, no gain or loss shall be recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive loss. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest shall be adjusted to reflect the change in
its ownership interest in the subsidiary. Any difference between the fair value of the consideration received or paid and the amount
by which the noncontrolling interest is adjusted shall be recognized in equity attributable to the parent and reallocated the subsidiary s
accumulated comprehensive income, if any, among the parent and the noncontrolling interest through an adjustment to the parent s
equity. 

The Company
acquired the remaining 49 equity interest in Chuang Fu Tian Xia in May 2018 and accounted for this transaction as an equity transaction
with no gain or loss recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December
31, 2018. The difference between the cash consideration paid and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest was adjusted to
reflect the change in its ownership interest in the VIE of approximately US 1.81 million and a reallocation of Chuang Fu Tian Xia s
accumulated comprehensive loss of approximately US 0.03 million were recognized as losses in equity attributable to the Company
included in additional paid-in capital for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

n) Noncontrolling interest 

The Company
accounts for noncontrolling interest in accordance with ASC Topic 810-10-45, which requires the Company to present noncontrolling
interests as a separate component of total shareholders equity on the consolidated balance sheet and the consolidated net
income/(loss) attributable to the parent and the noncontrolling interest be clearly identified and presented on the face of the
consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. ASC Topic 810-10-45 also requires that losses attributable to the
parent and the noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary be attributed to those interests even if it results in a deficit noncontrolling
interest balance. 

F- 18 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

o) Fair value 

The Company s
financial instruments primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable. The carrying values
of these financial instruments approximate fair values due to their short maturities. 

ASC Topic
820 "Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures," defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an
asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. This topic also establishes a fair value hierarchy
which requires classification based on observable and unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. There are three levels of
inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1 -
Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 -
Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that
are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 -
Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets
or liabilities. 

Determining
which category an asset or liability falls within the hierarchy requires significant judgment. The Company evaluates its hierarchy
disclosures each quarter. 

Liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 is as follows: 

Fair value measurement at reporting date using 

As of December 31, 2019 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets/Liabilities (Level 1) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 

Warrant liabilities 
 107 
 - 
 - 
 107 

Fair value measurement at reporting date using 

As of December 31, 2018 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets/Liabilities (Level 1) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 

Warrant liabilities 
 606 
 - 
 - 
 606 

Significant
unobservable inputs utilized to determine the fair value of the Company s warrant liabilities was disclosed in Note 16. 

The Company s
intangible assets and goodwill are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and they are recorded at fair value only when
impairment is recognized. 

F- 19 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the year
ended December 31, 2018, when the Company identified that events or changes in circumstances indicated its intangible assets and
goodwill might be impaired, the Company determined the fair value of the related intangible assets and goodwill using income approach.
The following table summarized the related quantitative information about the Company s Level 3 fair value measurements,
which utilized significant unobservable internally-developed inputs: 

Valuation techniques 
 
 Unobservable inputs 
 
 Value/Range of Inputs 

Remaining useful life (years) 

7.75 

Intangible assets 
 
 Multi-period Excess Earning 
 
 Discount rate 

24 

Contributory asset charge 
 
 8.9 
 - 
 24 

Base projection period (years) 

5 

Goodwill 
 
 Discounted Cash Flow 
 
 Discount rate 

20 

Terminal growth rate 

3.50 

p) Revenue recognition 

On January
1, 2018, the Company adopted ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , applying the modified retrospective
method. The adoption didn t result in a material adjustment to the Company s accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2018. 

In accordance
with ASC Topic 606, revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the Company s
customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.
In determining when and how much revenue is recognized from contracts with customers, the Company performs the following five-step
analysis: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine
the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; (5) recognize revenue
when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. 

Multiple
performance obligations included in the Company s contracts with customers for the distribution of the right to use search
engine marketing service are neither capable of being distinct, that is, can benefit the customer on its own or together with other
readily available resources, nor is distinct within the context of the contract, that is, the promise to transfer the service separately
identifiable from other promises in the contract. 

The Company s
contract with customers do not include significant financing component and any variable consideration. 

Advance from
customers related to unsatisfied performance obligations are generally refundable. Refund of advance from customers was insignificant
for both the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. 

The Company
does not believe that significant management judgements are involved in revenue recognition, but the amount and timing of the Company s
revenues could be different for any period if management made different judgments or utilized different estimates. Generally, the
Company recognizes revenue under ASC Topic 606 for each type of its performance obligation either over time or at a point in time
as follows: 

Online
advertising placement service/TV advertising service 

For online
advertising placement service contracts and TV advertising service contracts that are established based on a fixed price scheme
with the related advertisement placements obligation, the Company provides advertisement placements in specified locations on the
Company s advertising portals for agreed periods and/or place the advertisements onto the Company s purchased advertisement
time during specific TV programs for agreed periods. Revenue is recognized ratably over the period the advertising is provided
and, as such, the Company considers the services to have been delivered over time ). 

F- 20 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Sales
of effective sales lead information 

For advertising
contracts related to purchase of effective sales lead information, revenue is recognized based on a fixed price per sales lead
and the quantity of effective sales lead, when information is delivered and accepted by customers point in time ). 

Search
engine marketing and data service 

Revenue from
search engine marketing and data services is recognized on a monthly basis based on the direct cost consumed through search engines
for providing such services with a premium over time ). The Company recognizes the revenue on a gross basis, because
the Company determines that it is a principal in the transaction who control the goods or services before they are transferred
to the customers. 

Technical
services 

Revenues
generated from providing internet advertising data analysis and management related technical services was
recognized upon completion of the service performance obligation, when the Company had the enforceable right to the payment of
the service delivered to the customers point in time . 

Sales
of software 

For software
sales revenue generated for the year ended December 31, 2019, revenue was recognized upon
control of the promised goods was transferred to the customer and the Company has no performance obligation after the
delivery point in time . 

The following
tables present the Company s revenues disaggregated by products and services and timing of revenue recognition: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 
 
 Internet advertising and related data and technical service 

--distribution of the right to use search engine marketing service 
 41,361 
 47,423 
 
 --online advertising placements 
 14,552 
 9,094 
 
 --sales of effective sales lead information 
 255 
 494 
 
 --Technical services 
 710 
 14 
 
 TV advertising service 
 - 
 121 
 
 Software sales 
 1,202 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 
 58,080 
 57,146 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Revenue recognized over time 
 55,913 
 56,652 
 
 Revenue recognized at a point in time 
 2,167 
 494 
 
 Total revenues 
 58,080 
 57,146 

Contract
costs 

For the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company did not have any significant incremental costs of obtaining contracts with customers
incurred and/or costs incurred in fulfilling contracts with customers, that shall be recognized as an asset and amortized to expenses
in a pattern that matches the timing of the revenue recognition of the related contract. 

F- 21 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Contract
balances 

The Company
evaluates overall economic conditions, its working capital status and customer specific credit and negotiates the payment terms
of a contract with individual customer on a case by case basis in its normal course of business. 

Advances
received from customers related to unsatisfied performance obligations are recoded as contract liabilities (advance from customers),
which will be realized as revenues upon the satisfaction of performance obligations through the transfer of related promised goods
and services to customers. 

For contracts
without a full or any advance payments required, the Company bills the customers any unpaid contract price immediately upon satisfaction
of the related performance obligations when revenue is recognized. 

The Company
does not have any contract assets (unbilled receivables) since revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services
is transferred and the payment from customers is not contingent on a future event. 

The Company s
contract liabilities primarily consist of advance from customers related to unsatisfied performance obligations in relation to
online advertising placement service and distribution of the right to use search engine marketing service. All contract liabilities
are expected to be recognized as revenue within one year. The table below summarized the movement of the Company s contract
liabilities for the two years ended December 31, 2019: 

Contract liabilities 

US 000) 

Balance as of January 1, 2018 
 3,559 
 
 Exchange translation adjustment 
 (171 
 
 Revenue recognized from beginning contract liability balance 
 (3,338 
 
 Advances received from customers related to unsatisfied performance obligations 
 1,011 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2018 
 1,061 
 
 Exchange translation adjustment 
 (17 
 
 Revenue recognized from beginning contract liability balance 
 (1,027 
 
 Advances received from customers related to unsatisfied performance obligations 
 1,989 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2019 
 2,006 

For the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, there is no revenue recognized from performance obligations that were satisfied in prior periods. 

Transaction
price allocated to remaining performance obligation 

The Company
has elected to apply the practical expedient in paragraph ASC Topic 606-10-50-14 and did not disclose the information related to
transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of December 31, 2019
and 2018, because all performance obligations of the Company s contracts with customers have an original expected duration
of one year or less. 

q) Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues
primarily includes the cost of internet advertising related resources, TV advertising time slots and other technical services purchased
from third parties and other direct cost associated with providing services. 

r) Advertising costs 

Advertising
costs for the Company s own brand building are not includable in cost of revenues, they are expensed when incurred and are
included in sales and marketing expenses in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. For the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2018, advertising expenses for the Company s own brand building were approximately US nil and US 1.10
million, respectively. 

F- 22 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

s) Research and development expenses 

The Company
accounts for expenses for the enhancement, maintenance and technical support to the Company s Internet platforms and intellectual
properties that are used in its daily operations in research and development expenses. Research and development costs are charged
to expense when incurred. Expenses for research and development for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were approximately
US 0.87 million and US 0.93 million, respectively. 

t) Lease 

On January
1, 2019, the Company adopted ASC Topic 842, Lease , applying the optional transition method in accordance with ASU
No. 2018-11, which permitted the Company to change its date of initial application to the beginning of the period of the adoption
of ASC Topic 842 (i.e. January 1, 2019) and recognize the effects of applying ASC Topic 842 as a cumulative-effect adjustment to
retained earnings as of January 1, 2019, and remain applying ASC Topic 840 in the comparative periods. The adoption of ASC Topic
842 didn t result in a material adjustment to the Company s accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2019. 

The Company
leases two offices in the PRC from unrelated third parties during its normal course of business, of which one office is used as
the Company s principle executive office in Beijing, the other is used as the Company s office in Hubei. Other than
these, the Company does not have any other contract that is or contains a lease under ASC Topic 842. 

The Company s
lease contracts do not contain any option for the Company to extend or terminate the lease, and do not contain the option for the
Company to purchase the underlying assets. Based on the noncancelable lease period in the contract, the Company considers contract-based,
asset-based, market-based and entity-based factors to determine the term over which it is reasonably certain to extend the lease,
and then determine the lease term of each contract, which is 2-3 years. 

The Company s
lease contracts only contain fixed lease payments and do not contain any residual value guarantee. The lease payments of the Company s
Beijing office are required to be paid on a quarterly basis, and the lease payments of its Hubei office are required to be paid
on an annual basis. 

The Company s
office lease contracts do not contain any nonlease component and are classified as operating leases in accordance with ASC Topic
842-10-25-3. 

As the implicit
rates of the Company leases cannot be readily determined, in accordance with ASC Topic 842-20-30-3, the Company uses its incremental
borrowing rate as the discount rate to determine the present value of the lease payments for each lease contract. The discount
rate used by the Company is 6 , which is determined based on the interest rate commonly used by the commercial banks in the PRC
for the 1-5 years long-term loan lent to business entities on a collateralized basis. 

The Company s
lease agreement of its previous executive office in Beijing expired on March 31, 2019. In mid-August 2019, the Company relocated
to a new Beijing office leased from another unrelated third party under a short-term lease agreement until June 30, 2020. From
April 1, 2019 through the date of the relocation, the Company continued staying in its previous executive office in Beijing on
a separately negotiated fixed daily rate as agreed by the Company and the lessor. Because the respective duration of the above
discussed two leases was less than twelve months, these leases met the definition of a short-term lease under ASC 842. As a result,
in accordance with ASC 842-20-25-2, as an accounting policy, the Company elected not to apply the recognition requirements in this
Subtopic (i.e. not to recognize right-of-use asset and related lease liability) to these short-term leases. Instead, the Company
recognized the lease payments of these short-term leases in its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss on
a straight-line basis over the lease term. For the year ended December 31, 2019, short-term lease cost recognized under ASC 842-20-25-2
was approximately US 0.23 million. As of December 31, 2019, unpaid lease payments related to these short-term leases was approximately
US 0.14 million. 

As of December
31, 2019, operating lease right-of-use assets recognized by the Company was approximately US 12 thousand, operating lease liabilities
recognized was approximately US 10 thousand, which was included in the Company s other current liabilities. 

For the year
ended December 31, 2019, total operating lease cost (other than short-term lease cost) recognized under ASC Topic 842 was approximately
US 0.09 million. For the year ended December 31, 2018, total operating lease cost recognized under ASC Topic 840 was approximately
US 0.41 million. 

F- 23 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As of December
31, 2019, the Company s total undiscounted lease payments of approximately US 10 thousand approximate its total operating
lease liabilities recognized due to their short maturities. The Company s lease payments as of December 31, 2019 will mature
for the year ending December 31, 2020. 

Supplemental information
related to operating leases : 

Operating cash flows used for operating leases (in thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 91 
 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities (in thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 10 
 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) 
 1.21 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 6 

u) Income taxes 

The Company
follows the guidance of ASC Topic 740 Income taxes and uses liability method to account for income taxes. Under this
method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases
of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the differences are expected to
reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets, if based on the weight of available evidence,
it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes
of a change in tax rates is recognized in statement of operations and comprehensive loss in the period that includes the enactment
date. 

v) Uncertain tax positions 

The Company follows the guidance
of ASC Topic 740 Income taxes , which prescribes a more likely than not threshold for financial statement recognition
and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. As a result, the impact of an uncertain income
tax position is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant tax authority.
An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 likelihood of being sustained. 

The Company
recognizes interest on non-payment of income taxes under requirement by tax law and penalties associated with tax positions when
a tax position does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties. Interest and penalties on income taxes
will be classified as a component of the provisions for income taxes. The tax returns of the Company s PRC subsidiaries and
VIEs are subject to examination by the relevant tax authorities. According to the PRC Tax Administration and Collection Law, the
statute of limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer or the withholding
agent. The statute of limitations is extended to five years under special circumstances, where the underpayment of taxes is more
than RMB100,000. In the case of transfer pricing issues, the statute of limitation is ten years. There is no statute of limitation
in the case of tax evasion. The Company did not have any material interest or penalties associated with tax positions for the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 and did not have any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2019
and 2018, respectively. 

w) Share-based payment transactions 

The Company
adopts ASC Topic 718 Compensation-Stock Compensation to account for share-based payment transactions with both employees
and nonemployees, which requires that share-based payment transactions be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the instrument
issued, net of an estimated forfeiture rate, if applicable, and therefore only recognizes compensation expenses for those instruments
expected to vest over the requisite service period, or vesting period. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised
in the subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 

For
fully vested, nonforfeitable equity instruments granted to a nonemployee service provider at the date upon entering into the agreement
(no specific performance is required by the nonemployee to retain those equity instruments), because of the elimination of any
obligation on the part of the nonemployee to earn the equity instruments, the Company recognizes the instruments when they are
granted (in most cases, when the agreement is entered into), the corresponding cost is recorded as a prepayment on the balance
sheet, and amortized as share-based compensation expenses over the requisite service period. 

Share-based
compensation expenses are recorded in sales and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses and research and development
expenses. 

F- 24 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

x) Comprehensive income (loss) 

The Company
accounts for comprehensive income (loss) in accordance with ASC Topic 220 Comprehensive Income , which establishes
standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income (loss) and its components in the consolidated financial statements.
Comprehensive income (loss) is defined as the change in equity of a company during a period from transactions and other events
and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments from owners and distributions to owners. Accumulated other
comprehensive income, as presented in the Company s consolidated balance sheets are the cumulative foreign currency translation
adjustments. 

y) Earnings (loss) per share 

Earnings
(loss) per share are calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Basic earnings (loss) per share
is computed by dividing income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Common shares issuable upon the conversion of the
convertible preferred shares are included in the computation of diluted earnings per share on an if-converted basis
when the impact is dilutive. The dilutive effect of outstanding common stock warrants and options are reflected in the diluted
earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method when the impact is dilutive. 

z) Commitments and contingencies 

The Company
adopts ASC Topic 450 Contingencies subtopic 20, in determining its accruals and disclosures with respect to loss
contingencies. Accordingly, estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued by a charge to income when information available
before financial statements are issued or are available to be issued indicates that it is probable that an asset had been impaired,
or a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.
Legal expenses associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency is not probable or reasonably estimable,
disclosure of the loss contingency is made in the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a material
loss could be incurred. 

aa) Recent issued or adopted accounting standards 

In June 2016,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments . The amendments in this ASU require the measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial
assets held at amortized cost. The amendments in this ASU replace the existing incurred loss impairment model with an expected
loss methodology, which will result in more timely recognition of credit losses. In November 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-19,
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses , which among other things, clarifies
that receivables arising from operating leases are not within the scope of Subtopic 326-20. Instead, impairment of receivables
arising from operating leases should be accounted for in accordance with Topic 842, Leases. For public entities, the amendments
in these ASUs are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
The Company has adopted the amendments in these ASUs on January 1, 2020, and the adoption of these amendments did not have a material
impact on the Company s consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

In August 2018, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure
Requirements for Fair Value Measurement . The amendments in this ASU eliminate, add and modify certain disclosure requirements
for fair value measurements. The amendments in this ASU, among other things, require public companies to disclose the range and
weighted average used to develop significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements. The amendments in this
ASU are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15,
2019, and entities are permitted to early adopt either the entire standard or only the provisions that eliminate or modify the
requirements. The Company has adopted the amendments in these ASUs on January 1, 2020, and the adoption of these amendments did
not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

F- 25 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

4. Accounts receivable, net 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Accounts receivable 
 6,408 
 9,752 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (3,148 
 (3,393 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 3,260 
 6,359 

All of the accounts receivable
are non-interest bearing. Based on the assessment of the collectability of the accounts receivable as of December 31, 2019 and
2018, the Company provided approximately US 3.15 million and US 3.39 million allowance for doubtful accounts, respectively, which
were primarily related to the accounts receivable of the Company s internet advertising and TV advertising business segment
with an aging over six months. The Company evaluates its accounts receivable with an aging over six months and determines the allowance
based on aging data, historical collection experience, customer specific facts and economic conditions. For the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018, approximately US 2.34 million and US 0.76 million allowance for doubtful accounts was provided. For the year
ended December 31, 2019, the Company also charged off approximately US 2.5 million account receivable balances against the related
allowance for doubtful accounts, as all means of collection of these balances have been exhausted and the potential for recovery
is considered remote. 

5. Prepayments and deposit to suppliers 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Deposits to advertising resources providers 
 1,315 
 963 
 
 Prepayments to advertising resources providers 
 4,361 
 727 
 
 Prepayment of license fee 
 1,062 
 - 
 
 Other deposits and prepayments 
 242 
 464 

6,980 
 2,154 

As of December 31, 2019 and
2018, contractual deposits were primarily paid to the Company s largest internet resources suppliers and other advertising
resource providers. The contractual deposits will be refunded to the Company upon expiration of the contracts, which are generally
for a one-year period. 

According to the contracts signed
between the Company and its suppliers, the Company is required to pay certain of the contract amounts in advance. These prepayments
will be transferred to cost of revenues when the related services are provided. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, prepayments primarily
paid for purchasing internet resources from the Company s major internet resources suppliers. 

License
fee prepayment as of December 31, 2019 was related to the usage of a software system during a 12-month period through December
31, 2020. 

Other deposits and prepayments
as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 represented deposits and prepayments to the Company s other services providers, which primarily
included deposits for office lease contracts, prepayment for various kinds of professional consulting services, etc. 

6. Due from related parties, net 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Zhongwang Xiyue Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Zhongwang Xiyue 
 81 
 - 
 
 Guohua Shiji (Beijing) Communication Co., Ltd. Guohua Shiji 
 172 
 201 
 
 An officer of the Company 
 - 
 200 

253 
 401 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (172 
 (175 
 
 Due from related parties, net 
 81 
 226 

F- 26 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Related
parties of the Company represented the Company s direct or indirect unconsolidated investee companies, entities that the
Company s officers or directors can exercise significant influence, as well as an officer of the Company. 

As of December 31, 2019, due
from Zhongwang Xiyue represented the outstanding receivable for the advertising and marketing
service that the Company provided to this related party in its normal course of business, which is on the same terms as those provided
to its unrelated clients. 

As
of December 31, 2019 and 2018, due from Guohua Shiji represented a short-term working capital loan to this related party. As of
December 31, 2018, the outstanding amount of the loan was RMB1.38 million (approximately US 0.20 million), of which RMB0.18 million
(approximately US 0.03 million) was collected by the Company during the first fiscal quarter of 2019, and the Company had provided
full allowance to against the remaining amount of this loan as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, as the business activities of Guohua
Shiji had significantly declined in recent years. 

Due
from an officer of the Company as of December 31, 2018 represented a US 0.20 million fund advanced to one of the Company s
officers during the third fiscal quarter of 2018 for the purpose of setting up and providing finance to a proposed business entity
in Taiwan. The Company intended to set up and expand its business in Taiwan through establishing the VIE arrangements with this
Taiwan entity. This Taiwan entity was incorporated in September 2017 and is wholly-owned by the officer referred above, and has
no fund and business activities since incorporation. Based on the fact that there are still legal obstacles to establish the VIE
agreements between an entity that is ultimately controlled by the PRC citizens with an entity duly organized under the law of Taiwan,
the Company terminated the plan, and the US 0.20 million fund advanced was fully returned to the Company in April 2019. 

For the year ended December
31, 2018, the Company reversed approximately US 0.04 million allowance for doubtful accounts against the Company s balances
due from related parties, because of subsequent collection of service fee receivables incurred in previous years. 

7. Other current assets, net 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

Gross 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Net 

US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 

Staff advances for business operations 
 11 
 - 
 11 
 19 
 - 
 19 
 
 Loan to an unrelated party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 146 
 (146 
 - 
 
 Overdue deposits 
 717 
 (717 
 - 
 1,619 
 (1,619 
 - 
 
 Total 
 728 
 (717 
 11 
 1,784 
 (1,765 
 19 

As
of December 31, 2018, other current assets primarily included a short-term working capital loan of RMB1.0 million (approximately
US 0.15 million) lent to a former unconsolidated investee of the Company, and an approximately RMB11 million (approximately US 1.62
million) overdue contractual deposits in the aggregate, which were related to advertising resources purchase contracts that had
been completed with no further cooperation. Based on the assessment of the collectability of these overdue deposits and short-term
working capital loan, the Company had provided full allowance against these doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2018. For the
year ended December 31, 2018, additional allowance for doubtful accounts provided to overdue deposits was approximately US 0.80
million. 

F- 27 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company charged off the approximately US 0.15 million short-term working capital loan and
US 0.90 million overdue deposits receivable against the allowance, respectively, because for this portion of debts, all means of
collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote . 

8. Long-term investments 

Equity method investments 

As of December 31, 2019 and
2018, the Company beneficially owned 23.18 and 25.5 equity interest in ShenZhen City Mingshan Network Technology Co., Ltd. Shenzhen
Mingshan and Zhao Shang Ke Network Technology (Hubei) Co., Ltd. Zhao Shang Ke Hubei ), respectively. The
Company accounted for its investments in these companies under equity method of accounting. Based on the facts of the significant
decline in level of business activities from 2015, insufficient amount of working capital and the lack of commitment from majority
shareholders, these two investment affiliates had become dormant and the possibility of the business recovery is remote. As a result,
the Company reduced the carrying value of these investments to zero as of December 31, 2015. 

Other ownership interest
investments 

As of December 31, 2019 and
2018, the Company beneficially owned a 19 equity interest in both Guohua Shiji and ChinaNet Chuang Tou (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. ChinaNet
Chuang Tou), a 15 equity interest in ChinaNet Online Holdings Korea ChinaNet Korea ), a 10 equity interest in Beijing
Saturday Education Technology Co., Ltd. Beijing Saturday and a 4.9 equity interest in Local Chain (Xi an)
Information Technology Co., Ltd. Local Chain Xi an). 

As of December 31, 2019, except
for its ownership investment in Local Chain Xi an of approximately US 0.04 million, the Company had reduced the carrying
value of its investments in all other investee companies to zero, due to the business activities of these companies had become
dormant. 

For the year ended December
31, 2018, as a result of termination the operations of ChinaNet Chuang Tou, the Company received an RMB3.0 million (approximately
US 0.45 million) investment return in cash from ChinaNet Chuang Tou and recognized full impairment loss of approximately US 0.45
million to against the remaining carrying value of its ownership interest investment in this entity. 

9. Property and equipment, net 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Leasehold improvement 
 - 
 321 
 
 Vehicles 
 758 
 771 
 
 Office equipment 
 1,331 
 1,353 
 
 Electronic devices 
 937 
 952 
 
 Property and equipment, cost 
 3,026 
 3,397 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 (2,948 
 (3,255 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 78 
 142 

Depreciation expenses in the
aggregate for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were approximately US 0.06 million and US 0.16 million, respectively.
Leasehold improvement related to the Company s previous principle executive office in Beijing, which had been fully depreciated,
was disposed upon completion of the relocation with no gain or loss recognized for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

F- 28 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

10. Intangible assets, net 

As of December 31, 2019 
 
 Items 
 Gross Carrying Value 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Impairment 
 Net Carrying Value 

US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 
 Intangible assets not subject to amortization: 

Domain name 
 1,385 
 - 
 (1,385 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets subject to amortization: 

Customer relationship 
 1,909 
 (1,909 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-compete agreements 
 1,051 
 (571 
 (480 
 - 
 
 Software technologies 
 294 
 (294 
 - 
 - 
 
 Intelligent marketing data service platform 
 4,629 
 (1,876 
 (2,753 
 - 
 
 Internet safety, information exchange security and data encryption software 
 1,863 
 (419 
 (1,444 
 - 
 
 Cloud video management system 
 1,362 
 (338 
 (1,024 
 - 
 
 Cloud compute software technology 
 1,331 
 (898 
 (408 
 25 
 
 Licensed products use right 
 1,202 
 (15 
 - 
 1,187 
 
 Other computer software 
 872 
 (185 
 - 
 687 
 
 Total 
 15,898 
 (6,505 
 (7,494 
 1,899 

As of December 31, 2018 
 
 Items 
 Gross Carrying Value 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Impairment 
 Net Carrying Value 

US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 
 Intangible assets not subject to amortization: 

Domain name 
 1,408 
 - 
 (1,408 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets subject to amortization: 

Customer relationship 
 1,941 
 (1,941 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-compete agreements 
 1,068 
 (580 
 (488 
 - 
 
 Software technologies 
 299 
 (299 
 - 
 - 
 
 Intelligent marketing data service platform 
 4,705 
 (1,906 
 (2,799 
 - 
 
 Internet safety, information exchange security and data encryption software 
 1,894 
 (426 
 (1,468 
 - 
 
 Cloud video management system 
 1,383 
 (343 
 (1,040 
 - 
 
 Cloud compute software technology 
 1,353 
 (896 
 (415 
 42 
 
 Other computer software 
 114 
 (111 
 - 
 3 
 
 Total 
 14,165 
 (6,502 
 (7,618 
 45 

Amortization expenses in aggregate
for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were approximately US 0.11 million and US 0.38 million, respectively. 

F- 29 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company performs impairment
analysis on its intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an intangible
asset may not be recoverable and recognizes impairment loss for the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of
the assets. The Company determines the fair value of its intangible assets using Multi-period Excess Earning Method (the MPEEM
method ). As an application of income approach, the MPEEM method is a widely-used valuation method, it determines the fair
value of the asset as the present value of the cash flows attributable to it. As the asset will generally earn cash flows through
interaction with other tangible and intangible assets, the contributions to cash flows of those other assets must be removed. Those
assets are referred to as contributory assets which are defined as all assets that are utilized in the realization of expected
future cash flows for the target asset. 

Based on the Company s
assessment, the Company did not provide any impairment loss associate with its intangible assets for the year ended December 31,
2019. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company provided approximately US 3.33 million impairment losses in the aggregate,
which was associated with its intelligent marketing data service platform, cloud video management system, cloud compute software
technology and Internet safety, information exchange security and data encryption software of its internet advertising
and data service business segment, due to insufficient estimated future cash flows expected to be generated by these assets (See
Note 3 (o) for significant unobservable internally-developed inputs used in the intangible assets fair value measurement). 

Based on the adjusted carrying
value of the finite-lived intangible assets after the deduction of the impairment losses, which has a weighted average remaining
useful life of 6.52 years as of December 31, 2019, and assuming no further subsequent impairment of the underlying intangible assets,
the estimated future amortization expenses is approximately US 0.82 million for the year ending December 31, 2020, approximately
US 0.13 million for the year ending December 31, 2021, and approximately US 0.12 million each year for the year ending December
31, 2022 through 2024. 

11. Blockchain platform applications development costs 

In February 2018, the Company
entered into a technical development contract with an unrelated entity to develop a blockchain technology-based platform application
for internal use by the Company. Total amount of the contract was US 4.5 million. In March 2018, the Company entered into a RMB3.0
million (approximately US 0.43 million) social network-based software application development contract with another unrelated
entity, which software application the Company had further combined into the current under developing blockchain technology-based
platform. These two blockchain technology-based applications are named OMG and Bo!News, respectively. As of December 31, 2019
and 2018, in accordance with ASC 350-40 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software , the Company capitalized
approximately US 3.88 million and US 3.73 million development costs in the aggregate under these two contracts, respectively.
 As of the date hereof, the Company is in the process of further developing and adjusting
its blockchain-powered applications on the blockchain infrastructure platform to make the platform a better synergism with the
current business and client base. The Company had originally scheduled to complete
the adjustments and upgrades of Bo!News, to launch the OMG for trial by the end of May 2020, and to complete the integration
of BO!News and OMG for commercial release by the end of 2020. However, due to the COVID-19
outbreak in China during the first fiscal quarter of 2020, the Company currently anticipates that the commercial releasing schedule
will likely be postponed for 1 to 2 month s. 

According to the development contracts the Company signed with the counter parties, the Company
will not bear any development risk related loss unless the counter party has no fault during the development and the causes for
failure is considered reasonable as agreed by both parties. In the latter case, the related development loss will be shared by
both parties based on further negotiations. As of the date hereof, the Company has not been aware of any technical risks or other
factors that may lead to any failure or partial failure of these development projects. 

12. Short-term bank loan and credit facility 

As of December 31, 2019 and
2018, the Company had a revolving credit facility of RMB5.0 million (approximately US 0.72 million) for short-term working capital
loans granted by a major financial institution in China, which expired on January 2, 2020. 

As
of December 31, 2019, under the revolving credit facility, the Company borrowed RMB3.0 million (approximately US 0.43 million)
short-term loan, which matured and was repaid in January 2020. 

As of December 31, 2018, besides
a RMB3.0 million (approximately US 0.44 million) short-term loan borrowed under the same revolving credit facility, which matured
and was repaid in January 2019, the Company borrowed another RMB3.0 million (approximately US 0.44 million) short-term working
capital loan from the same financial institution, of which RMB1.5 million (approximately US 0.22 million) matured and was repaid
in July 2019 and the remaining RMB1.5 million (approximately US 0.22 million) matured and was repaid in September 2019. 

F- 30 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Collateral for the above discussed
revolving credit facility and short-term bank loans included an unlimited guarantee from Mr. Handong Cheng (Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company) and his spouse and an approximately US 0.03 million term deposit, which matured in October 2019. 

Interest rate of the short-term
working capital loans borrowed for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was 5.655 per annum, which was 30 over the benchmark
rate of the People s Bank of China (the PBOC ). 

13. Accrued payroll and other accruals 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Accrued payroll and staff welfare 
 173 
 208 
 
 Accrued operating expenses 
 318 
 313 

491 
 521 

14. Taxation 

1) Income tax 

The entities within the Company
file separate tax returns in the respective tax jurisdictions in which they operate. 

i). a. The Company is incorporated
in the state of Nevada. Under the current law of Nevada, the Company is not subject to state corporate income tax. Following the
Share Exchange, the Company became a holding company and does not conduct any substantial operations of its own. Before enactment
of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA or the Act in December 2017, the Company did not provide for U.S.
taxes or foreign withholding taxes on undistributed earnings from its non-U.S. subsidiaries because such earnings are intended
to be reinvested indefinitely. If undistributed earnings were distributed, foreign tax credits could become available under current
law to reduce the resulting U.S. income tax liability. 

i). b. On December 22, 2017,
the U.S. enacted the Act (which is commonly referred to as U.S. tax reform ). The Act significantly changes U.S. corporate
income tax laws including but not limited to reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35 to 21 beginning in 2018, imposing
a one-time mandatory tax on previously deferred foreign earnings and imposing a new tax on global intangible low-taxed income GILTI effective for tax years of non-U.S. corporations beginning after December 31, 2017. On December 22, 2017, the Securities and Exchange
Commission staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 SAB 118 ), which provides guidance on accounting for the
tax effects of the Act. SAB 118 provides a measurement period (the grace period that should not extend beyond one
year from the Act enactment date through December 21, 2018, for companies to complete the accounting under ASC 740 Income
Taxes . In accordance with SAB 118, a company must reflect the income tax effects of those aspects of the Act for which the
accounting under ASC 740 is complete. 

i). c. The Company had completed
its assessment of the one-time transition tax on its previously deferred foreign earnings during the third fiscal quarter of 2018,
based on which, the Company concluded that no incremental income tax expense of the one-time mandatory tax on its previously deferred
foreign earnings would be charged for the year ended December 31, 2017, as the Company had sufficient U.S. net operating losses
carryforwards to offset the resulting incremental taxable income related to the deferred foreign earnings, which assessment was
consistent with that disclosed in the Company s 2017 Form 10-K. Based on the final assessment, the Company recognized an
adjustment of approximately US 0.46 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, to revise the provisional estimated amount of
net operating loss utilized through toll charge income it recognized for the year ended December 31, 2017, from approximately US 1.40
million to approximately US 1.86 million. 

F- 31 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

i). d. Effective from January
1, 2018, the Company is subject to the new GILTI tax rules. The GILTI provisions impose a tax on foreign income in excess of a
deemed return on tangible assets of controlled foreign corporations CFCs ), subject to the possible use of foreign
tax credits and a deduction equal to 50 percent to offset the income tax liability, subject to some limitations. Under U.S.
GAAP, the Company has made an accounting policy choice of treating taxes due on future U.S. inclusions in taxable income related
to GILTI as a current period expense when incurred (the period cost method ), instead of factoring such amounts into
the Company s measurement of its deferred taxes (the deferred method ). For the years ended December 31, 2019
and 2018, no provision for federal corporate income tax has been made in the financial statements as the Company has no aggregated
positive tested income. 

ii). China Net BVI, Grandon
BVI and ChinaNet Investment BVI were incorporated in the British Virgin Islands BVI ). Under the current law of the
BVI, these BVI companies are not subject to tax on income or capital gains. Additionally, upon payments of dividends by these BVI
companies to its respective shareholders, no BVI withholding tax will be imposed. 

iii). China Net HK was incorporated
in Hong Kong, the PRC and does not conduct any substantial operations of its own. E ffective
from April 1, 2018, a two-tier corporate income tax system was officially implemented in Hong Kong. The applicable income tax rate
is 8.25 for the first HK 2.0 million profits, and the subsequent profits are taxed at 16.5 . No provision for Hong Kong
profits tax has been made in the financial statements as China Net HK has no assessable profits for the year ended December 31,
2019 or any prior periods. Additionally, upon payments of dividends by China Net HK to its shareholders, no Hong Kong withholding
tax will be imposed. 

iv). The Company s PRC
operating subsidiaries and VIEs, being incorporated in the PRC, are governed by the income tax law of the PRC and is subject to
PRC enterprise income tax EIT ). The EIT rate of PRC is 25 , which applies to both domestic and foreign invested
enterprises. 

l As approved by the related PRC governmental authorities,
Business Opportunity Online continuously qualified as a High and New Technology Enterprise until November 2021, which enabled the
entity, as approved by the local tax authorities of Beijing, the PRC, to continue enjoying the preferential EIT rate of 15 until
November 2021. Therefore, for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the applicable EIT rate of Business Opportunity Online
was 15 . In accordance with the 2018 Bulletin No. 45 issued by the PRC State Administration of Taxation, which come into effect
from January 1, 2018, an enterprise that obtains qualification as or remains as a High and New Technology Enterprise or Small and
Medium-sized Tech Enterprise in any time of 2018 and afterwards, is allowed to carry forward all its previous five years 
net operating losses NOLs (starting from NOL of 2013) to up to ten years, compared with the PRC standard NOLs carryforward period
of 5 years. 

l The applicable EIT rate for other PRC operating entities of the Company is 25 for the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2018. 

l The current EIT law also imposed a 10 withholding income tax for dividends distributed by a foreign
invested enterprise to its immediate holding company outside China. A lower withholding tax rate will be applied if there is a
tax treaty arrangement between mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign holding company. Holding companies in Hong Kong,
for example, will be subject to a 5 withholding tax rate, subject to approval from the related PRC tax authorities. 

2) Turnover taxes and the relevant surcharges 

Service revenues provided by
the Company s PRC operating subsidiaries and VIEs were subject to Value Added Tax VAT ). VAT rate for provision
of modern services (other than lease of corporeal movables) is 6 , and for small scale taxpayer, 3 . Therefore, for the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company s service revenues are subject to VAT at a rate of 6 , after deducting the VAT paid
for the services purchased from suppliers, or at a rate of 3 without any deduction of VAT paid for the services purchased from
suppliers. The surcharges of the VAT in the aggregate is 12 to 14 of the VAT, depending on which tax jurisdiction the Company s
PRC operating subsidiaries and VIE operate in. 

F- 32 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As of December 31, 2019, and
2018, taxes payable consists of: 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

PRC turnover tax and surcharge payable 
 1,244 
 1,215 
 
 PRC enterprise income tax payable 
 1,970 
 1,782 
 
 Taxes payable 
 3,214 
 2,997 

A reconciliation of the income
tax benefit determined at the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate to the Company s effective income tax expense is as
follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Pre-tax loss 
 (1,221 
 (13,363 
 
 U.S. federal rate 
 21 
 21 
 
 Income tax benefit computed at U.S. federal rate 
 256 
 2,806 
 
 Reconciling items: 

Rate differential for foreign earnings 
 137 
 561 
 
 Preferential tax treatment effect 
 (109 
 (231 
 
 Tax effect on non-taxable change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 105 
 350 
 
 Tax effect on non-deductible impairment on goodwill 
 - 
 (1,303 
 
 Tax effect on change of net operating loss treatment 
 - 
 1,130 
 
 Tax effect on adjustment to provisional amount of toll charge income from the Act 
 - 
 (96 
 
 Provision of valuation allowance on deferred tax assets 
 (177 
 (3,504 
 
 Expired tax attribute carryforwards 
 (253 
 (365 
 
 Tax effect on other non-deductible expenses/non-taxable income 
 (8 
 (112 
 
 Effective income tax expense 
 (49 
 (764 

For the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018, the Company s income tax expense consisted of: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Current-PRC 
 (217 
 - 
 
 Deferred-PRC 
 168 
 (764 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (49 
 (764 

The Company s deferred
tax assets at December 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows: 

As of December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Tax effect of net operating losses carried forward 
 9,160 
 9,243 
 
 Bad debts provision 
 743 
 1,188 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (9,190 
 (9,875 
 
 Total net deferred tax assets 
 713 
 556 

F- 33 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The U.S. holding company has
incurred aggregate net operating losses (NOLs) of approximately US 20.3 million and US 19.2 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018,
respectively. The NOLs carryforwards as of December 31, 2017 gradually expire over time, the last of which expires in 2037. NOLs
incurred after December 31, 2017 will no longer be available to carry back but can be carried forward indefinitely. Furthermore,
the Act imposes an annual limit of 80 on the amount of taxable income that can be offset by NOLs arising in tax years ending after
December 31, 2017. The Company maintains a full valuation allowance against its net U.S. deferred tax assets, since due to uncertainties
surrounding future utilization, the Company estimates there will not be sufficient future earnings to utilize its U.S. deferred
tax assets. 

The NOLs carried forward incurred
by the Company s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs were approximately US 23.6 million and US 25.2 million at December 31, 2019 and
2018, respectively. The losses carryforwards gradually expire over time, the last of which expires in 2029. The related deferred
tax assets were calculated based on the respective net operating losses incurred by each of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs and the
respective corresponding enacted tax rate that will be in effect in the period in which the losses are expected to be utilized. 

The Company recorded approximately
US 9.2 million and US 9.9 million valuation allowance as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, because it is considered
more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized through sufficient future earnings of the entities
to which the operating losses related. 

For the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018, total deferred tax assets valuation allowance provided was approximately US 0.18 million and US 3.50 million,
respectively. 

15. Long-term borrowing from a director 

Long-term borrowing from a director
is a non-interest bearing loan from a director of the Company relating to the original paid-in capital contribution in the Company s
wholly-owned subsidiary Rise King WFOE, which is not expected to be repaid within one year. 

16. The Financing and warrant liabilities 

The 2019 Financing: 

On
August 7, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with selected investors related to the purchase and sale
of the Company s common stock (the Shares ), in accordance with which, the Company agreed to issue an aggregate
of 3,216,860 Shares in consideration for approximately US 4.8 million. Each Share was sold to the Investors at 1.4927 per Share.
The private placement was conducted pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Regulation S promulgated
thereunder (the 2019 Financing ). The first and the second half of the 2019 Financing was consummated on September
25, 2019 and October 28, 2019, respectively. 

Accounting for securities
issued in the 2019 Financing 

The Company determined that
the Shares issued in the 2019 Financing should be classified as permanent equity as there was no redemption provision at the option
of the holders that is not within the control the Company on or after an agreed upon date. As a result, net proceeds from the 2019
Financing of approximately US 4.79 million was recorded as equity (par value and additional paid-in capital), after deduction of
an approximately US 15 thousand of direct offering cost. 

The 2018 Financing: 

On January 17, 2018 (the Closing
Date ), the Company consummated a registered direct offering of 2,150,001 shares of the Company s common stock to certain
institutional investors at a purchase price of 5.15 per share (the 2018 Financing ). As part of the transaction,
the Company also issued to the investors warrants for the purchase of up to 645,000 shares of the Company s common stock
at an exercise price of 6.60 per share (the Investor warrants ). The Investors warrants have a term of 30 months
from the date of issuance. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately 11.1 million. 

The placement agent of the 2018
Financing received (i) a placement fee in the amount equal to 6 of the gross proceeds and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 129,000
shares of common stock at an exercise price of US 6.60 per share, with a three-year term Placement agent warrants 
and together with the Investor warrants, the Warrants ). The Placement agent warrants is not exercisable for a period
of six months and one day after the Closing Date. 

F- 34 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Warrants have an initial
exercise price of USS6.60 per share, which is subject to anti-dilution provisions that require adjustment of the number of shares
of common stock that may be acquired upon exercise of the warrant, or to the exercise price of such shares, or both, to reflect
stock dividends and splits, subsequent rights offerings, pro-rata distributions, and certain fundamental transactions. The Warrants
also contain full ratchet price protection in the event of subsequent issuances below the applicable exercise price
(the Down round feature ). 

The Warrants may not be exercised
if it would result in the holder beneficially owning more than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding common shares (the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation ). The holder of the Warrants, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99 of the Company s outstanding common
shares. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61 st day after such notice
is delivered to the Company. 

Accounting for securities
issued in the 2018 Financing 

The Company determined that
common stock issued in the 2018 Financing should be classified as permanent equity as there was no redemption provision at the
option of the holders that is not within the control the Company on or after an agreed upon date. 

The Company analyzed the Warrants
issued in the 2018 Financing in accordance with ASC Topic 815 Derivatives and Hedging . In accordance with ASC Topic
815, the Company determined that the Warrants should not be considered index to its own stock, as the strike price of the Warrants
is dominated in a currency (U.S. dollar) other than the functional currency of the Company (Renminbi or Yuan). As a result, the
Warrants does not meet the scope exception of ASC Topic 815, therefore, should be accounted for as derivative liabilities and measure
at fair value with changes in fair value be recorded in earnings in each reporting period. 

Fair value of the warrants 

The Company used Binomial model
to determine the fair value of the Warrants as of the closing date of the 2018 Financing, based on the assumptions summarized as
below: 

Investors Warrants 
 Placement Agent Warrants 

Stock price 
 3.98 
 3.98 
 
 Years to maturity 
 2.50 
 3.00 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 2.22 
 2.39 
 
 Dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 158 
 147 
 
 Exercise Price 
 6.60 
 6.60 

Fair value of the warrant 
 2.93 
 2.99 

Warrant liabilities as of the closing date US 000) 
 1,890 
 385 

Stock price is the closing bid
price of the Company s common stock at the respective valuation date. Years to maturity is the respective remaining contract
life of the warrants. Yield-to-maturities in continuous compounding of the United States Government Bonds with the time-to-maturities
same as the respective warrant are adopted as the risk-free rate. Annualized historical stock price volatility of the Company at
the respective valuation date is deemed to be appropriate to serve as the expected volatility of the stock price of the Company.
The dividend yield is calculated based on management s estimate of dividends to be paid on the underlying stock. Exercise
price of the Warrants is the contractual exercise price of the Warrants. 

F- 35 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Allocation of gross proceeds
from the 2018 Financing 

The Company allocated the total
proceeds from the 2018 Financing as summarized below: 

Initial measurement 

US 000) 

Investor warrants 
 1,890 
 
 Common Stock (par value and additional paid-in capital) 
 9,183 
 
 Total proceeds from the 2018 Financing 
 11,073 

Investor warrants issued in
the 2018 Financing was initially measurement at fair value. The residual amount, representing difference between the total proceeds
and the fair value of the Investor warrants as of the Closing Date was assigned as the carrying value of the common stock issued
in the 2018 Financing. 

Offering costs 

Offering costs in the amount
of approximately US 1.2 million consisting of cash payment of approximately US 0.66 million placement fee, approximately US 0.15
million legal expense and fair value of placement agent warrants of approximately US 0.39 million, which were charged to additional
paid-in capital. 

Subsequent measurement
and changes in fair value of the warrant liabilities 

The Company accounted for the
Warrants issuing in the 2018 Financing as derivative liabilities which were remeasured at fair value with changes in fair value
be recorded in earnings in each reporting period. 

Investors warrants 
 Placement agent warrants 

January 17, 2018 
 December 31, 2018 
 December 31, 2019 
 January 17, 2018 
 December 31, 2018 
 December 31, 2019 

Stock price 
 3.98 
 1.34 
 1.17 
 3.98 
 1.34 
 1.17 
 
 Years to maturity 
 2.50 
 1.55 
 0.55 
 3.00 
 2.05 
 1.05 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 2.22 
 2.50 
 1.58 
 2.39 
 2.50 
 1.57 
 
 Dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 158 
 199 
 60 
 147 
 176 
 80 
 
 Exercise Price 
 6.60 
 6.60 
 1.4927 
 6.60 
 6.60 
 1.4927 

Fair value of the warrant 
 2.93 
 0.78 
 0.11 
 2.99 
 0.80 
 0.28 

Warrant liabilities US 000) 
 1,890 
 503 
 71 
 385 
 103 
 36 

On September 25, 2019, as a result of the close on the first half of the 2019 Financing, the exercise price of the warrants issued
in 2018 Financing that contain the full ratchet price protection in the event of subsequent issuances below the applicable
exercise price (the Down round feature was adjusted to 1.4927. 

As of 

As of 

As of 

Change in Fair Value (gain)/loss 

December 31, 
 December
 31, 

January 31, 
 Year ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 
 2018 
 2019 
 2018 

(US 000) 
 (US 000) 
 (US 000) 
 (US 000) 
 (US 000) 
 
 Fair value of the Warrants: 

Investor warrants 
 71 
 503 
 1,890 
 (432 
 (1,387 
 
 Placement agent warrants 
 36 
 103 
 385 
 (67 
 (282 
 
 Warrant liabilities 
 107 
 606 
 2,275 
 (499 
 (1,669 

F- 36 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Warrants issued and outstanding
at December 31, 2019 and their movements during the two years then ended are as follows: 

Warrant Outstanding 
 Warrant Exercisable 

Number of underlying shares 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Number of underlying shares 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Balance, January 1, 2018 
 - 

- 

Issued 
 774,000 
 2.58 
 6.60 
 774,000 
 2.58 
 6.60 
 
 Expired 
 - 

- 

Exercised 
 - 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2018 
 774,000 
 1.63 
 6.60 
 774,000 
 1.63 
 6.60 
 
 Issued 
 - 

- 

Expired 
 - 

- 

Exercised 
 - 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2019 
 774,000 
 0.63 
 1,4927 
 774,000 
 0.63 
 1,4927 

17. Restricted Net Assets 

As substantially all of the
Company s operations are conducted through its PRC subsidiaries and VIEs, the Company s ability to pay dividends is
primarily dependent on receiving distributions of funds from its PRC subsidiaries and VIEs. Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations
permit payments of dividends by its PRC subsidiaries and VIEs only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance
with PRC accounting standards and regulations and after it has met the PRC requirements for appropriation to statutory reserves.
Paid in capital of the PRC subsidiaries and VIEs included in the Company s consolidated net assets are also non-distributable
for dividend purposes. 

In accordance with the PRC regulations
on Enterprises with Foreign Investment, a WFOE established in the PRC is required to provide certain statutory reserves, namely
general reserve fund, the enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund which are appropriated from net profit as
reported in the enterprise s PRC statutory accounts. A WFOE is required to allocate at least 10 of its annual after-tax
profit to the general reserve until such reserve has reached 50 of its registered capital based on the enterprise s PRC
statutory accounts. Appropriations to the enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund are at the discretion of the
board of directors. The aforementioned reserves can only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends.
Rise King WFOE is subject to the above mandated restrictions on distributable profits. Additionally, in accordance with the Company
Law of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide a statutory common reserve of at least 10 of its annual after-tax
profit until such reserve has reached 50 of its registered capital based on the enterprise s PRC statutory accounts. A domestic
enterprise is also required to provide for a discretionary surplus reserve, at the discretion of the board of directors. The aforementioned
reserves can only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. All of the Company s other PRC
subsidiaries and PRC VIEs are subject to the above mandated restrictions on distributable profits. 

In accordance with these PRC laws and regulations, the Company s PRC subsidiaries and
VIEs are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018,
net assets restricted in the aggregate, which include paid-in capital and statutory reserve funds of the Company s PRC subsidiaries
and VIEs that are included in the Company s consolidated net assets, were both approximately US 12.0 million. 

The current PRC Enterprise Income
Tax EIT Law also imposes a 10 withholding income tax for dividends distributed by a foreign invested enterprise
to its immediate holding company outside China. A lower withholding tax rate will be applied if there is a tax treaty arrangement
between mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign holding company. Holding companies in Hong Kong, for example, will be
subject to a 5 withholding tax rate, subject to approval from the related PRC tax authorities. 

The ability of the Company s
PRC subsidiaries and VIEs to make dividends and other payments to the Company may also be restricted by changes in applicable foreign
exchange and other laws and regulations. 

Foreign currency exchange regulation
in China is primarily governed by the following rules: 

l Foreign Exchange Administration Rules (1996), as amended in August 2008, or the Exchange Rules; 

l Administration Rules of the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange (1996), or the Administration
Rules. 

Currently, under the Administration
Rules, Renminbi is freely convertible for current account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade
and service related foreign exchange transactions, but not for capital account items, such as direct investments, loans, repatriation
of investments and investments in securities outside of China, unless the prior approval of the State Administration of Foreign
Exchange (the SAFE is obtained and prior registration with the SAFE is made. Foreign-invested enterprises like Rise
King WFOE that need foreign exchange for the distribution of profits to its shareholders may effect payment from their foreign
exchange accounts or purchase and pay foreign exchange rates at the designated foreign exchange banks to their foreign shareholders
by producing board resolutions for such profit distribution. Based on their needs, foreign-invested enterprises are permitted to
open foreign exchange settlement accounts for current account receipts and payments of foreign exchange along with specialized
accounts for capital account receipts and payments of foreign exchange at certain designated foreign exchange banks. 

F- 37 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Although the current Exchange
Rules allow converting Chinese Renminbi into foreign currency for current account items, conversion of Chinese Renminbi
into foreign exchange for capital items, such as foreign direct investment, loans or securities, requires the approval of SAFE,
which is under the authority of the People s Bank of China. These approvals, however, do not guarantee the availability of
foreign currency conversion. The Company cannot be sure that it will be able to obtain all required conversion approvals for its
operations or the Chinese regulatory authorities will not impose greater restrictions on the convertibility of Chinese Renminbi
in the future. Currently, most of the Company s retained earnings are generated in Renminbi. Any future restrictions on currency
exchanges may limit the Company s ability to use its retained earnings generated in Renminbi to make dividends or other payments
in U.S. dollars or fund possible business activities outside China. 

18. Related party transaction 

Revenue from related parties: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Zhongwang Xiyue Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Zhongwang Xiyue 
 899 
 - 

Zhongwang Xiyue is an entity
 over which one of the Company s executive officers can exercise significant influence.
 For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company provided advertising and marketing
services to this related party in its normal course of business on the same terms as those provided to its unrelated clients. 

19. Employee defined contribution plan 

Full time employees of the Company
in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution plan, pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical
care, employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the PRC
subsidiaries of the Company make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees 
salaries. The employee benefits were expensed as incurred. The Company has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions
made. The total amounts for such employee benefits were approximately US 0.31 million and US 0.37 million for the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

20. Concentration of risk 

Credit risk 

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable.
As of December 31, 2019, 99 of the Company s cash and cash equivalents were held by major financial institutions located
in mainland and Hong Kong, China, the remaining 1 was held by a financial institution located in the United States of America.
The Company believes that these financial institutions located in China and the United States of America are of high credit quality.
For accounts receivable, the Company extends credit based on an evaluation of the customer s or other parties financial
condition, generally without requiring collateral or other security. In order to minimize the credit risk, the Company delegated
a team responsible for credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue
debts. Further, the Company reviews the recoverable amount of each individual receivable at each balance sheet date to ensure that
adequate allowances are made for doubtful accounts. In this regard, the Company considers that the Company s credit risk
for accounts receivable is significantly reduced. 

F- 38 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Risk arising
from operations in foreign countries 

Substantially all of the Company s
operations are conducted within the PRC. The Company s operations in the PRC are subject to various political, economic,
and other risks and uncertainties inherent in the PRC. Among other risks, the Company s operations in the PRC are subject
to the risks of restrictions on transfer of funds, changing taxation policies, foreign exchange restrictions; and political conditions
and governmental regulations. 

Currency convertibility
risk 

Significant part of the Company s
businesses is transacted in RMB, which is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions take
place either through the People s Bank of China or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange
rates quoted by the People s Bank of China. Approval of foreign currency payments by the People s Bank of China or
other regulatory institutions requires submitting a payment application form together with suppliers invoices and signed
contracts. These exchange control measures imposed by the PRC government authorities may restrict the ability of the Company s
PRC subsidiaries and VIEs to transfer its net assets, which to the Company through loans, advances or cash dividends. 

Concentration of customers 

The following tables summarized
the information about the Company s concentration of customers for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively: 

Customer A 
 Customer B 
 Customer C 
 Customer D 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2019 

Revenues, customer concentration risk 

Year Ended December 31, 2018 

Revenues, customer concentration risk 
 17 

- 

As of December 31, 2019 

Accounts receivable, customer concentration risk 
 57 
 - 
 13 
 12 

As of December 31, 2018 

Accounts receivable, customer concentration risk 
 74 
 12 
 
 - 

Less than 10 . 

-
No transaction incurred for the reporting period/no balance existed as of the reporting date. 

Concentration of suppliers 

The following tables summarized
the information about the Company s concentration of suppliers for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively: 

Supplier A 
 Supplier B 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2019 

Cost of revenues, supplier concentration risk 
 89 

Year Ended December 31, 2018 

Cost of revenues, supplier concentration risk 
 85 
 11 

Less than 10 . 

21. Commitments and contingencies 

In 2018, the Company entered into contracts with two unrelated
third parties in relation to the development of the Company s blockchain technology-powered platform applications. Total
contract amount of these two contracts was approximately US 4.93 million. As of December 31, 2019, the Company had paid approximately
US 3.88 million in the aggerate. During the first fiscal quarter of 2020, the Company made an additional payment of approximately
US 0.3 million, and the remaining unpaid contract amount is expected to be paid during the year ending December 31, 2020. 

F- 39 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company is currently not
a party to any legal or administrative proceedings and are not aware of any pending or threatened legal or administrative proceedings
against it in all material aspects. The Company may from time to time become a party to various legal or administrative proceedings
arising in its ordinary course of business. 

22. Segment reporting 

The Company follows ASC Topic
280 Segment Reporting , which requires that companies disclose segment data based on how management makes decisions
about allocating resources to segments and evaluating their performance. Reportable operating segments include components of an
entity about which separate financial information is available and which operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief
operating decision maker CODM ), the Company s Chief Executive Officer, to make decisions about resources to
be allocated to the segment and assess each operating segment s performance. 

For the Year Ended December
31, 2019 

Internet Ad. and data service 
 TV Ad. 
 Blockchain technology 
 Corporate 
 Inter- segment and reconciling item 
 Total 

US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 

Revenues 
 56,878 
 - 
 - 
 1,202 
 - 
 58,080 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 52,582 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 52,582 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 5,176 
 47 
 20 
 1,943 (1) 
 - 
 7,186 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense included in total operating expenses 
 150 
 - 
 2 
 18 
 - 
 170 
 
 Operating loss 
 (880 
 (47 
 (20 
 (741 
 - 
 (1,688 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 499 
 - 
 499 

Net loss 
 (778 
 (44 
 (20 
 (428 
 - 
 (1,270 

Expenditure for long-term assets 
 1,962 
 - 
 160 
 - 
 - 
 2,122 

Total assets-December 31, 2019 
 13,332 
 224 
 3,885 
 21,338 
 (20,228 
 18,551 

(1) Including approximately
US 393,000 share-based compensation expenses. 

F- 40 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Year Ended December
31, 2018 

Internet Ad. and data service 
 TV Ad. 
 Blockchain technology 
 Corporate 
 Inter-segment and reconciling item 
 Total 

US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 
 US 000) 

Revenues 
 57,025 
 121 
 - 
 356 
 (356 
 57,146 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 54,633 
 95 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 54,728 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 14,658 
 126 
 102 
 2,400 (1) 
 (356 
 16,930 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense included in total operating expenses 
 469 
 1 
 - 
 71 
 - 
 541 
 
 Impairment on goodwill included in total operating expenses 
 5,211 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,211 
 
 Impairment on intangible assets included in total operating expenses 
 3,330 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,330 
 
 Operating loss 
 (12,266 
 (100 
 (102 
 (2,044 
 - 
 (14,512 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,669 
 - 
 1,669 

Impairment on long-term investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 453 
 - 
 453 

Net loss 
 (12,708 
 (100 
 (102 
 (1,217 
 - 
 (14,127 

Expenditure for long-term assets 
 431 
 - 
 3,746 
 3 
 - 
 4,180 

Total assets December 31, 2018 
 12,756 
 207 
 3,746 
 16,805 
 (16,546 
 16,968 

(1) Including approximately
US 233,000 share-based compensation expenses. 

23. Loss per share 

Basic and diluted loss per share
for each of the years presented is calculated as follows (All amounts, except number of shares and per share data, are presented
in thousands of U.S. dollars): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Net loss attributable to ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. (numerator for basic and diluted loss per share) 
 (1,261 
 (14,025 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Basic and diluted 
 17,130,335 
 15,863,894 

Loss per share -Basic and diluted 
 (0.07 
 (0.88 

For the year ended December
31, 2019, the diluted loss per share calculation did not include warrants and options to purchase up to 774,000 and 755,216 shares
of the Company s common stock, respectively, because their effect was anti-dilutive, as the Company incurred a loss for the
year. 

For the year ended December
31, 2018, the diluted loss per share calculation did not include warrants and options to purchase up to 774,000 and 835,216 shares
of the Company s common stock, respectively, and did not include 266,238 shares of unvested restricted common stock before
they were vested during the third quarter of 2018, because their effect was anti-dilutive, as the Company incurred a loss for the
year. 

F- 41 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

24. Share-based compensation expenses 

In
January 2019, the Company granted and issued 30,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock to one of its independent
directors, in exchange for his services to the Company for the year ended December 31, 2019. These shares were valued at US 1.77
per share, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Total compensation expense recognized
was approximately US 53,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

In December 2018, the Company
granted and issued 250,000 shares of the Company restricted common stock to a management consulting and advisor service provider
in exchange for its service for a one-year period. According to the service agreement, these shares are fully-vested upon issuance
at the contract inception and shall not be subject to forfeiture upon termination of the agreement. The Company valued these shares
at US 1.43 per share, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock on the grant date of these shares and recorded
the related cost of approximately US 358,000 as a prepayment asset in prepayment and deposit to suppliers upon grant and issuance
of these fully-vested and nonforfeitable shares. Total compensation expenses amortized for
the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were approximately US 340,000 and US 18,000, respectively. 

For the year ended December
31, 2018, the Company also recognized approximately US 152,000 and US 63,000 share-based compensation expenses, relating to the
Company s restricted common stock granted to its employees and nonemployee service providers in previous years, respectively,
for their respective services provided during the year. 

Options issued and outstanding
at December 31, 2019 and their movements for the two years then ended are as follows: 

Option Outstanding 
 Option Exercisable 

Number of underlying shares 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Number of underlying shares 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Balance, January 1, 2018 
 835,216 
 3.04 
 2.49 
 835,216 
 3.04 
 2.49 
 
 Granted/Vested 
 - 

- 

Forfeited 
 - 

- 

Expired 
 - 

- 

Exercised 
 - 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2018 
 835,216 
 2.04 
 2.49 
 835,216 
 2.04 
 2.49 
 
 Granted/Vested 
 - 

- 

Forfeited 
 - 

- 

Expired 
 (80,000 
 
 3.08 
 (80,000 
 
 3.08 
 
 Exercised 
 - 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2019 
 755,216 
 1.15 
 2.43 
 755,216 
 1.15 
 2.43 

The aggregate intrinsic value
of the above options was zero as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, as their respective exercise prices were all higher than the Company s
closing stock price on the last trading day of each year. 

The aggregate unrecognized share-based
compensation expenses as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 was approximately US nil and US 340,000, respectively. 

F- 42 

 CHINA ONLINE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The table below summarized share-based
compensation expenses recorded for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

US 000) 
 US 000) 

Sales and marketing expenses 
 - 
 47 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 393 
 149 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 - 
 37 
 
 Total 
 393 
 233 

25. Subsequent events 

On
February 26, 2020, under its 2015 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan, the Company granted and issued in the aggregate of approximately1.60
million fully-vested shares of the Company s restricted common stock to its management and employees. These shares were valued
at the closing bid price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, which is US 1.18 per share. Total compensation
expenses related to these shares was approximately US 1.89 million. 

On March 2, 2020, under
its 2015 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan, the Company granted and issued 0.43 million fully-vested and nonforfeitable
 shares of the Company s restricted common stock to an unrelated service provider for
a 24-month management consulting and advisory service from this party, and 0.03 million fully-vested shares of the Company s
restricted common stock to one of the Company s independent directors for his service to the Company for the year ending
December 31, 2020. These shares were valued at the closing bid price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant,
which is US 1.11 per share. Total compensation expenses related to these shares was approximately US 0.51 million. 

T he Company primarily conducts its operations in the
PRC. In January 2020, an outbreak of a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) surfaced in Wuhan City, Hubei province of the PRC, and spread
all over the country during the first fiscal quarter of 2020. The outbreak caused the Chinese government to require businesses
to close, people to quarantine, and also to restrict certain travel within the country. The spread of COVID-19 has resulted in
the World Health Organization declaring the outbreak of COVID-19 as a global pandemic. In cooperation with the government authorities,
the Company s operating offices (especially that in Xiaogan City, Hubei province) were shut down for approximately one to
two months after the Chinese New Year Holiday and were unable to reopen until mid-March or early-April in 2020. As of the date
of this filing, the Company has resumed operations. The Company s principle business activity is to provide online advertising
and marketing services to small and medium enterprises in the PRC, which is particularly sensitive to changes in general economic
conditions. The pandemic of COVID-19 in the PRC had caused decreases in or delays in advertising spending and had negatively impacted
the Company s short-term ability to grow revenues. While not quantifiable, this situation had resulted in a material adverse
impact to the Company s results of operations and financial performance for the first fiscal quarter of 2020. While
the COVID-19 pandemic is still in developing stages worldwide, international stock markets have begun to reflect the uncertainty
associated with the slow-down in the global economy and the reduced levels of international travel experienced since the beginning
of January, large declines in oil prices and the significant decline in the Dow Industrial Average at the end of February and beginning
of March 2020 was largely attributed to the effects of COVID-19. Although the Chinese government
have declared the COVID-19 outbreak largely under control within its border, the Company will continue to assess its financial
impacts for the remainder of the year. There can be no assurance that this assessment will enable the Company to avoid part or
all of any impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in the
Company s sector in particular . 

F-43 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 exh_44.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.4

Exhibit 4.4 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S COMMON STOCK 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

General 

ChinaNet Online Holdings Inc. has one class of securities, common stock,
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The following is a summary of all material characteristics
of our common stock as set forth in our articles of incorporation and bylaws. The summary does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation and bylaws, all of which are incorporated by reference
as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.4 is a part, and to the provisions of the Nevada Revised
Statutes. 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 70,000,000 shares, consisting
of 50,000,000 shares of common stock par value .001 per share, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value .001 per share.
None of our preferred stock is currently outstanding. Pursuant to our articles of incorporation, our board of directors has the
authority to provide for the issuance, in one or more series, of our authorized preferred stock and to fix or alter the rights,
preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any series of our preferred stock. 

Common Stock 

Each holder of shares of common stock is entitled to one vote per share
at stockholders meetings. Our articles of incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors.
Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive, pro rata, such dividends as may be declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available therefor, and are also entitled to share, pro rata, in any other distributions to the stockholders.
Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of shares of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets
remaining after payment of liabilities. Holders of shares of common stock do not have any preemptive rights or other rights to
subscribe for additional shares. The outstanding shares of common stock are paid for, fully paid and non-assessable. The rights,
preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series
of preferred stock which we may issue in the future. 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent for our capital stock is Empire
Stock Transfer, with an address at 1859 Whitney Mesa Dr., Henderson, Nevada 89014, telephone number is 702-818-5898. 

Stock Exchange Listing 

Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital
Market under the symbol CNET. 

Control Share Acquisitions 

The control share provisions of Sections
78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive, of the NRS, apply to issuing corporations that are Nevada corporations with at least
200 stockholders of record, including at least 100 stockholders of record who are Nevada residents, and that conduct business directly
or indirectly in Nevada, unless the corporation has elected to not be subject to these provisions. The control share statute prohibits
an acquirer of shares of an issuing corporation, under certain circumstances, from voting its shares of a corporation s stock
after crossing certain ownership threshold percentages, unless the acquirer obtains approval of the target corporation s
disinterested stockholders. The statute specifies three thresholds: (a) one-fifth or more but less than one-third, (b) one-third
but less than a majority, and (c) a majority or more, of the outstanding voting power. Generally, once a person acquires shares
in excess of any of the thresholds, those shares and any additional shares acquired within 90 days thereof become control
shares and such control shares are deprived of the right to vote until disinterested stockholders restore the right. These
provisions also provide that if control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired a majority
or more of all voting power, all other stockholders who do not vote in favor of authorizing voting rights to the control shares
are entitled to demand payment for the fair value of their shares in accordance with statutory procedures established for dissenters 
rights. A corporation may elect to not be governed by, or opt out of, the control share provisions by making an election
in its articles of incorporation or bylaws, provided that the opt-out election must be in place on the 10th day following the date
an acquiring person has acquired a controlling interest, that is, crossing any of the three thresholds described above. We have
not opted out of these provisions and will be subject to the control share provisions of the NRS if we meet the definition of an
issuing corporation upon an acquiring person acquiring a controlling interest unless we later opt out of these provisions and the
opt out is in effect on the 10th day following such occurrence. 

The effect of the Nevada control share statute is
that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with the acquiring person, will obtain only such voting rights in the
control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders at an annual or special meeting. The Nevada control share law,
if applicable, could have the effect of discouraging takeovers of our company. 

2 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exh_211.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries 

 China Net Online Media Group Limited China Net BVI ), a British Virgin
Islands company. 

 China Net BVI is the sole shareholder of CNET Online Technology Co. Limited China
Net HK , a Hong Kong company, and the sole shareholder of ChinaNet Investment Holding Ltd. ChinaNet
Investment BVI , a British Virgin Islands company. 

 ChinaNet Investment BVI is the sole shareholder of Grandon Investments Limited Grandon
BVI , a British Virgin Islands company. 

 China Net HK is the sole shareholder of Rise King Century Technology Development (Beijing)
Co., Ltd., a wholly foreign-owned enterprise WFOE ), established in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ). 

 The WFOE is the sole shareholder of ChinaNet Online Holdings Co., Ltd. ChinaNet
Online PRC , a PRC company. 

 ChinaNet Online PRC is a 51 shareholder of Business Opportunity Chain (Beijing) Technology
Development Co., Ltd. Business Opportunity Chain ), a PRC company. 

 Through a series of contractual agreements between the WFOE and Business Opportunity
Online (as defined below) and Beijing CNET Online (as defined below), the Company, through the WFOE, secures significant rights
to influence the two companies business operations, policies and management, approve all matters requiring shareholder approval,
and the right to receive the income earned by the two companies. 

Business Opportunity Online (Beijing) Network Technology Co., Ltd. Business Opportunity Online ), incorporated
in the PRC. 

Beijing CNET Online Advertising Co., Ltd. Beijing CNET Online ), incorporated in the PRC. 

 Business Opportunity Online is the sole shareholder of Beijing Chuang Fu Tian Xia
Network Technology Co., Ltd. Beijing Chuang Fu Tian Xia ), the sole shareholder of Business Opportunity Online (Hubei)
Network Technology Co., Ltd. Business Opportunity Online Hubei ), the sole shareholder of Beijing Chuang Shi Xin
Qi Advertising Media Co., Ltd. Beijing Chuang Shi Xin Qi ), the sole shareholder of Beijing Hong Da Shi Xing Network
Technology Co., Ltd. Beijing Hong Da Shi Xing ), and the sole shareholder of Beijing Shi Ji Cheng Yuan Advertising
Media Co., Ltd. Beijing Shi Ji Cheng Yuan ), each of which is incorporated in the PRC. 

 Business Opportunity Online Hubei is the sole shareholder of Hubei CNET Advertising
Media Co., Ltd. Hubei CNET ), and the sole shareholder of Sheng Tian Network Technology (Hubei) Co., Ltd. Sheng
Tian Hubei ), each of which is incorporated in the PRC. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exh_231.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

Centurion
 ZD CPA Co. 
 Certified Public Accountants (Practising) 

Unit 1304,
13/F, Two Harbourfront, 22 Tak Fung Street, Hunghom, Hong Kong. 

22 13 1304 

 Tel :
(852) 2126 2388 Fax : (852) 2122 9078 

 Email :
info@czdcpa.com 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent
to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. on Form S-8 (file No. 333-178269)
and Form S-8 (file No. 333-206979) of our report which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern dated May 26, 2020, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of ChinaNet
Online Holdings, Inc. as at December 31, 2019 and for the year ended December 31, 2019, which report is included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

/s/ Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

 Hong Kong, China 

May 26, 2020 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 exh_232.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

Exhibit 23.2 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statement of ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-178269) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-206979)
of our report dated April 15, 2019, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. as of December
31, 2018 and for the year ended December 31, 2018, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ChinaNet Online
Holdings, Inc for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

/s/ Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk llp 

Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk llp 

 New York, NY 

 May 26, 2020 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Handong Cheng, the Chief Executive Officer of the registrant,
certify that: 

(1) I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc., for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. 

(2) Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

(4) The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15a-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles: 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 26, 2020 

By: 
 /s/ Handong Cheng 

Name: Handong Cheng 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Mark Li, the Chief Financial Officer of the registrant, certify
that: 

(1) I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc., for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. 

(2) Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

(4) The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15a-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles: 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b. any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 26, 2020 

By: 
 /s/ Mark Li 

Name: Mark Li 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exh_321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

As Adopted 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the 

Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned of
the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) the
Report fully complies, in all material respects, with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Handong Cheng 

Name: Handong Cheng 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 May 26, 2020 

By: 
 /s/ Mark Li 

Name: Mark Li 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 May 26, 2020 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 cnet-20191231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cnet-20191231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 cnet-20191231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cnet-20191231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cnet-20191231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cnet-20191231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

