<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20200228_10-K_edgar_data_728391_0000728391-20-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22285418</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>413314</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2072399</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10554107</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4381008</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3895102</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000728391-20-000005.hdr.sgml : 20200228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20200227181713
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000728391-20-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000728391
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				351575582
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08644
		FILM NUMBER:		20664439

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MONUMENT CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1595
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3172618261

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MONUMENT CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 1595
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IPALCO ENTERPRISES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000728391-20-000005.txt : 20200228

10-K
 1
 ipalco10k20191231.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 1-8644 
 IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 Indiana 
 
 35-1575582 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 One Monument Circle 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 
 46204 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 317-261-8261 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 
 (The registrant is a voluntary filer. The registrant has filed all applicable reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months.) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 At February 27, 2020 , 108,907,318 shares of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. common stock, no par value, were outstanding, of which 89,685,177 shares were owned by AES U.S. Investments, Inc. and 19,222,141 shares were owned by CDP Infrastructures Fund G.P., a wholly-owned subsidiary of La Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of registrant s Proxy Statement for its annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III hereof. 
 
 2 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2019 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Item No. 
 Page No. 

DEFINED TERMS 
 4 

PART I 
 
 1. 
 Business 
 7 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 21 
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 33 
 2. 
 Properties 
 33 
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 
 PART II 
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 34 
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 35 
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 133 
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 133 
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 134 

PART III 
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 134 
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 134 
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 134 
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 134 
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 135 

PART IV 
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 137 
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 148 

SIGNATURES 
 149 

3 

DEFINED TERMS 
 The following is a list of frequently used abbreviations or acronyms that are found in this Form 10-K: 

2016 Base Rate Order 
 The order issued in March 2016 by the IURC authorizing IPL to, among other things, increase its basic rates and charges by 30.8 million annually 
 2018 IPALCO Notes 
 400 million of 5.00 Senior Secured Notes due May 1, 2018 
 2018 Base Rate Order 
 The order issued in October 2018 by the IURC authorizing IPL to, among other things, increase its basic rates and charges by 43.9 million annually 
 2020 IPALCO Notes 
 405 million of 3.45 Senior Secured Notes due July 15, 2020 
 2024 IPALCO Notes 
 405 million of 3.70 Senior Secured Notes due September 1, 2024 
 ACE 
 Affordable Clean Energy 
 AES 
 The AES Corporation 
 AES U.S. Investments 
 AES U.S. Investments, Inc. 
 AOCI 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 ARO 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 ASC 
 Accounting Standards Codification 
 ASU 
 Accounting Standards Update 
 BACT 
 Best Achievable Control Technology 
 BTA 
 Best Technology Available 
 CAA 
 U.S. Clean Air Act 
 CAIR 
 Clean Air Interstate Rule 
 CCGT 
 Combined Cycle Gas Turbine 
 CCR 
 Coal Combustion Residuals 
 CCT 
 Clean Coal Technology 
 CDPQ 
 CDP Infrastructures Fund G.P., a wholly-owned subsidiary of La Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec 
 CERCLA 
 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act 
 CO 2 
 Carbon Dioxide 
 COSO 
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 
 CPCN 
 Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity 
 CPP 
 Clean Power Plan 
 Credit Agreement 
 250 million IPL Revolving Credit Facilities Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2019 
 CSAPR 
 Cross-State Air Pollution Rule 
 CWA 
 U.S. Clean Water Act 
 D.C. Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit 
 Defined Benefit Pension Plan 
 Employees Retirement Plan of Indianapolis Power Light Company 
 Dodd-Frank Act 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 DOE 
 U.S. Department of Energy 
 DSM 
 Demand Side Management 
 ECCRA 
 Environmental Compliance Cost Recovery Adjustment 
 ELG 
 Effluent Limitation Guidelines 
 EPA 
 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
 EPAct 
 Energy Policy Act of 2005 
 ERISA 
 Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
 FAC 
 Fuel Adjustment Charge 
 FASB 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 FERC 
 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
 FGDs 
 Flue-Gas Desulfurizations 
 Financial Statements 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of IPALCO in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included in Part II of this Form 10-K 
 FTRs 
 Financial Transmission Rights 

4 

GAAP 
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States 
 GHG 
 Greenhouse Gas 
 IBEW 
 International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers 
 IDEM 
 Indiana Department of Environmental Management 
 IOSHA 
 Indiana Occupational Safety and Health Administration 
 IPALCO 
 IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. 
 IPL 
 Indianapolis Power Light Company 
 IRP 
 Integrated Resource Plan 
 ISO 
 Independent System Operator 
 IURC 
 Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission 
 kWh 
 Kilowatt hours 
 LIBOR 
 London InterBank Offer Rate 
 MATS 
 Mercury and Air Toxics Standards 
 Mid-America 
 Mid-America Capital Resources, Inc. 
 MISO 
 Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. 
 MTM 
 Mark-to-Market 
 MW 
 Megawatts 
 MWh 
 Megawatt hours 
 NAAQS 
 National Ambient Air Quality Standards 
 NERC 
 North American Electric Reliability Corporation 
 NODA 
 Notice of Data Availability 
 NOV 
 Notice of Violation 
 NO x 
 Nitrogen Oxides 
 NPDES 
 National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System 
 NSPS 
 New Source Performance Standards 
 PCBs 
 Polychlorinated Biphenyls 
 Pension Plans 
 Employees Retirement Plan of Indianapolis Power Light Company and Supplemental Retirement Plan of Indianapolis Power Light Company 
 PM2.5 
 Fine particulate matter or particulate matter with an aerodynamic diameter less than or equal to a nominal 2.5 micrometers 
 PSD 
 Prevention of Significant Deterioration 
 Purchasers 
 Citibank, N.A. and its affiliate, CRC Funding, LLC 
 Receivables Sale Agreement 
 Second Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2009, as amended, as described herein 
 RF 
 Reliability First 
 RSP 
 AES Retirement Savings Plan 
 RTO 
 Regional Transmission Organization 
 SEA 
 Senate Enrolled Act 
 SEC 
 United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Securities Act 
 Securities Act of 1933, as Amended 
 Service Company 
 AES US Services, LLC 
 SIP 
 State Implementation Plan 
 SO 2 
 Sulfur Dioxides 
 Subscription Agreement 
 Subscription Agreement dated as of December 14, 2014, by and between IPALCO and CDPQ 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan of Indianapolis Power Light Company 
 TCJA 
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 
 Term Loan 
 65 million IPALCO Term Loan Facility Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2018 
 Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. 
 Thrift Plan 
 Employees Thrift Plan of Indianapolis Power Light Company 
 TDSIC 
 Transmission, Distribution, and Storage System Improvement Charge 

5 

U.S. 
 United States of America 
 U.S. SBU 
 AES U.S. Strategic Business Unit 
 USD 
 United States Dollars 
 VEBA 
 Voluntary Employees' Beneficiary Association 

PART I 
 
 Throughout this document, the terms the Company, we, us, and our refer to IPALCO and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 We encourage investors, the media, our customers and others interested in the Company to review the information we post at https://www.iplpower.com. None of the information on our website is incorporated into, or deemed to be a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any reference to our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including, in particular, the statements about our plans, strategies and prospects under the headings Item 1. Business, Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-looking statements express an expectation or belief and contain a projection, plan or assumption with regard to, among other things, our future revenues, income, expenses or capital structure. Such statements of future events or performance are not guarantees of future performance and involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties. The words could, may, predict, anticipate, would, believe, estimate, expect, forecast, project, objective, intend, continue, should, plan, and similar expressions, or the negatives thereof, are intended to identify forward-looking statements unless the context requires otherwise. 
 
 Some important factors that could cause our actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

impacts of weather on retail sales; 
 
 growth in our service territory and changes in retail demand and demographic patterns; 
 
 weather-related damage to our electrical system; 
 
 commodity and other input costs; 
 
 performance of our suppliers; 
 
 transmission and distribution system reliability and capacity, including natural gas pipeline system and supply constraints; 
 
 regulatory actions and outcomes, including, but not limited to, the review and approval of our rates and charges by the IURC; 
 
 federal and state legislation and regulations; 
 
 changes in our credit ratings or the credit ratings of AES; 
 
 fluctuations in the value of pension plan assets, fluctuations in pension plan expenses and our ability to fund defined benefit pension plans; 
 
 changes in financial or regulatory accounting policies; 
 
 environmental matters, including costs of compliance with, and liabilities related to, current and future environmental laws and requirements; 
 
 interest rates and the use of interest rate hedges, inflation rates and other costs of capital; 
 
 the availability of capital; 
 
 the ability of subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions to IPALCO; 
 
 level of creditworthiness of counterparties to contracts and transactions; 
 
 labor strikes or other workforce factors, including the ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 
 facility or equipment maintenance, repairs and capital expenditures; 
 
 significant delays or unanticipated cost increases associated with construction projects; 
 
 the availability and cost of funds to finance working capital and capital needs, particularly during periods when the time lag between incurring costs and recovery is long and the costs are material; 
 
 6 

local economic conditions; 
 
 cyber-attacks and information security breaches; 
 
 catastrophic events such as fires, explosions, terrorist acts, acts of war, pandemic events, or natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, severe winds, ice or snow storms, droughts, or other similar occurrences; 
 
 costs and effects of legal and administrative proceedings, audits, settlements, investigations and claims and the ultimate disposition of litigation; 
 
 industry restructuring, deregulation and competition; 
 
 issues related to our participation in MISO, including the cost associated with membership, our continued ability to recover costs incurred, and the risk of default of other MISO participants; 
 
 changes in tax laws and the effects of our tax strategies; 
 
 the use of derivative contracts; 
 
 product development, technology changes, and changes in prices of products and technologies; and 
 
 the risks and other factors discussed in this report and other IPALCO filings with the SEC. 
 
 Most of these factors affect us through our consolidated subsidiary, IPL. All of the above factors are difficult to predict, contain uncertainties that may materially affect actual results, and many are beyond our control. See Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K for a more detailed discussion of the foregoing and certain other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in any forward-looking statements. Except as required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. If one or more forward-looking statements are updated, no inference should be drawn that additional updates will be made with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW 
 
 IPALCO is a holding company incorporated under the laws of the state of Indiana. Our principal subsidiary is IPL, a regulated electric utility operating in the state of Indiana. Substantially all of our business consists of the generation, transmission, distribution and sale of electric energy conducted through IPL. Our business segments are utility and all other. All of our operations are conducted within the U.S. and principally within the state of Indiana. Please see Note 12, Business Segment Information to the Financial Statements. 

IPL 
 
 IPALCO owns all of the outstanding common stock of IPL. IPL was incorporated under the laws of the state of Indiana in 1926. IPL is engaged primarily in generating, transmitting, distributing and selling electric energy to more than 500,000 retail customers in the city of Indianapolis and neighboring areas within the state of Indiana; the most distant point being about 40 miles from Indianapolis. IPL has an exclusive right to provide electric service to those customers. IPL s service area covers about 528 square miles with an estimated population of approximately 955,000. IPL s generation, transmission and distribution facilities, and changes to our sources of electric generation, are further described below under Properties. There have been no significant changes in the services rendered by IPL during 2019. 
 
 IPL is a transmission company member of RF. RF is one of eight Regional Reliability Councils under the NERC, which has been designated as the Electric Reliability Organization under the EPAct. RF seeks to preserve and enhance electric service reliability and security for the interconnected electric systems within the RF geographic area by setting and enforcing electric reliability standards. RF members cooperate under agreements to augment the reliability of its members electricity supply systems in the RF region through coordination of the planning and operation of the members generation and transmission facilities. Smaller electric utility systems, independent power producers and power marketers can participate as full members of RF. 

EMPLOYEES 
 
 As of January 31, 2020, IPL had 1,206 employees of whom 1,133 were full time. Of the total employees, 834 were represented by the IBEW in two bargaining units: a physical unit and a clerical-technical unit. In February 2020, the membership of the IBEW clerical-technical unit ratified a three-year labor agreement with us that expires on 
 
 7 

February 13, 2023. In December 2018, the IBEW physical unit ratified a three-year agreement with us that expires on December 6, 2021. Both collective bargaining agreements shall continue in full force and effect from year to year unless either party provides prior written notice at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration, or anniversary thereof, of its desire to amend or terminate the agreement. As of January 31, 2020, neither IPALCO nor any of its majority-owned subsidiaries other than IPL had any employees. 

SERVICE COMPANY 
 
 The Service Company provides services including operations, accounting, legal, human resources, information technology and other corporate services on behalf of companies that are part of the U.S. SBU, including among other companies, IPALCO and IPL. The Service Company allocates the costs for these services based on cost drivers designed to result in fair and equitable allocations. This includes ensuring that the regulated utilities served, including IPL, are not subsidizing costs incurred for the benefit of other businesses. Please see Note 11, Related Party Transactions Service Company to the Financial Statements and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence of this Form 10-K for additional details. 

PROPERTIES 
 
 Our executive offices are located at One Monument Circle, Indianapolis, Indiana. This facility and the remainder of our material properties in our business and operations are owned directly by IPL. The following is a description of these material properties. 
 
 We own two distribution service centers in Indianapolis. We also own the building in Indianapolis that houses our customer service center. 
 
 We own and operate four generating stations, all within the state of Indiana. Our largest generating station, Petersburg, is coal-fired, and we plan to retire approximately 630 MW of coal-fired generation at Petersburg Units 1 and 2 by 2023 (for further discussion, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters - IRP Filing ). The second largest station, Harding Street, uses natural gas and fuel oil to power combustion turbines. In addition, IPL operates a 20 MW battery energy storage unit at this location, which provides frequency response. The third station, Eagle Valley, is a CCGT natural gas plant. IPL took operational control and commenced commercial operations of this CCGT in April 2018. The fourth station, Georgetown, is a small peaking station that uses natural gas to power combustion turbines. For electric generation, the net winter design capacity is 3,705 MW and net summer design capacity is 3,560 MW. Our highest summer peak level of 3,139 MW was recorded in August 2007 and the highest winter peak level of 2,971 MW was recorded in January 2009. 
 
 Our sources of electric generation are as follows: 
 Fuel 
 
 Name 
 
 Number of 
 Units 
 
 Winter 
 Capacity 
 (MW) 
 
 Summer Capacity (MW) 
 
 Location 
 Coal 
 
 Petersburg (1) 
 
 4 
 
 1,709 

1,709 

Pike County, Indiana 

Total 
 
 4 
 
 1,709 

1,709 

Gas 
 
 Harding Street 
 
 6 
 
 1,026 

963 

Marion County, Indiana 

Eagle Valley 
 
 1 
 
 709 

679 

Morgan County, Indiana 

Georgetown 
 
 2 
 
 200 

158 

Marion County, Indiana 

Total 
 
 9 
 
 1,935 

1,800 

Oil 
 
 Petersburg 
 
 3 
 
 8 

8 

Pike County, Indiana 

Harding Street 
 
 3 
 
 53 

43 

Marion County, Indiana 

Total 
 
 6 
 
 61 

51 

Grand Total 
 
 19 
 
 3,705 

3,560 

(1) We plan to retire approximately 630 MW of coal-fired generation at Petersburg Units 1 and 2 by 2023 (for further discussion, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters - IRP Filing ). 
 
 Net electrical generation during 2019 at our Petersburg, Eagle Valley, Harding Street and Georgetown plants accounted for approximately 58.4 , 34.0 , 7.2 and 0.4 , respectively, of our total net generation. Even though the capacity of our Harding Street plant far exceeds that of the Eagle Valley plant, we expect the generation at 
 
 8 

Eagle Valley to continue to far exceed that of Harding Street due to the relatively lower cost to produce electricity at Eagle Valley. 
 
 Our electric system is directly interconnected with the electric systems of Indiana Michigan Power Company, Vectren Corporation, Hoosier Energy Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc., and the electric system jointly owned by Duke Energy Indiana, Indiana Municipal Power Agency and Wabash Valley Power Association, Inc. Our transmission system includes 458 circuit miles of 345,000 volt lines and 408 circuit miles of 138,000 volt lines. The distribution system consists of 5,018 circuit miles of underground primary and secondary cables and 6,116 circuit miles of overhead primary and secondary wire. Underground street lighting facilities include 775 circuit miles of underground cable. Also included in the system are 138 substations. Depending on the voltage levels at the substation, some substations may be considered both a bulk power substation and a distribution substation. There are 73 bulk power substations and 118 distribution substations; 52 substations are considered both bulk power and distribution substations. 
 
 All critical facilities we own are well maintained, in good condition and meet our present needs. Our plants generally have enough capacity to meet the daily needs of our retail customers when all of our units are available. During periods when our generating capacity is not sufficient to meet our retail demand, or when MISO provides a lower cost alternative to some of our available generation, we purchase power on the MISO wholesale market. 

SEASONALITY 
 
 The electric utility business is affected by seasonal weather patterns throughout the year and, therefore, the operating revenues and associated operating expenses are not generated evenly by month during the year. IPL s business is not dependent on any single customer or group of customers. Additionally, retail kWh sales, after adjustments for weather variations, are impacted by changes in service territory economic activity and the number of retail customers we have, as well as DSM energy efficiency programs implemented by IPL. For the ten years ending in 2019, IPL s retail kWh sales have decreased at a compound annual rate of 0.5 . Conversely, the number of our retail customers grew at a compound annual rate of 0.8 during that same period. Going forward, we expect flat or modest retail kWh sales growth annually, which will continue to be negatively impacted by our DSM programs. Please see Note 2, Regulatory Matters DSM to the Financial Statements for more details. IPL s electricity sales for 2015 through 2019 are set forth in the table of statistical information included at the end of this section. 
 
 Weather and Weather-Related Damage in our Service Area 
 
 Extreme high and low temperatures in our service area have a significant impact on revenues as many of our retail customers use electricity to power air conditioners, electric furnaces and heat pumps. The impact is partially mitigated by our declining block rate structure, which generally provides for residential and commercial customers to be charged a lower per kWh rate at higher consumption levels. Therefore, as volumes increase, the weighted average price per kWh decreases. The effect is generally more significant with high temperatures than with low temperatures as many of our customers use gas heat. In addition, before the 2018 Base Rate Order was implemented on December 5, 2018, IPL had the opportunity to share 50 of wholesale margins above a stated benchmark, so extreme temperatures generally provided additional income by selling power on the wholesale market (see below). However, beginning December 5, 2018, 100 of annual wholesale margins earned above (or below) the benchmark of 16.3 million are passed back (or charged) to customer rates through a rider. 
 
 Storm activity can also have an adverse effect on our operating performance. Severe storms often damage transmission and distribution equipment, thereby causing power outages, which reduce revenues and increase repair costs. In our 2016 and 2018 Base Rate Orders, we received approval for a storm damage restoration reserve account that allows us to defer major storm costs over a benchmark that meet certain criteria considered to be severe, for recovery in a future basic rate proceeding. Because IPL's basic rates and charges include an annual amount for recovery for such severe storm costs, if actual severe storm costs are below that level, IPL will record a regulatory liability for the shortfall to be passed to customers in a future basic rate proceeding. Conversely, if IPL's major storm costs are above the level in basic rates, IPL will defer the excess for future recovery. 

MISO OPERATIONS 
 
 IPL is one of many transmission system owner members in MISO. MISO is a regional transmission organization which maintains functional control over the combined transmission systems of its members and manages one of the 
 
 9 

largest energy and ancillary services markets in the U.S. MISO policies are developed, in part, through a stakeholder process in which we are an active participant. We focus our participation in this process primarily on items that could impact our customers, shared cost of transmission expansion, resource adequacy, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, we attempt to influence MISO and FERC policy by filing comments with MISO, the FERC, or the IURC. 
 
 MISO has functional control of our transmission facilities and our transmission operations are integrated with those of MISO. Our participation and authority to sell wholesale power at market-based rates are subject to the FERC jurisdiction. Transmission service over our facilities is provided through MISO s tariff. 
 
 As a member of MISO, we offer our available electricity production of each of our generation assets into the MISO day-ahead and real-time markets. MISO dispatches generation assets in economic order considering transmission constraints and other reliability issues to meet the total demand in the MISO region. MISO settles hourly offers and bids based on locational marginal prices, which is pricing for energy at a given location based on a market clearing price that takes into account physical limitations, generation and demand throughout the MISO region. MISO evaluates the market participants energy offers and demand bids optimizing for energy and ancillary services products to economically and reliably dispatch the entire MISO system. The IURC has authorized IPL to recover its ongoing costs from MISO and such costs are being recovered per specific rate orders. The unamortized balance of total MISO costs deferred as regulatory assets was 80.4 million and 95.5 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. 
 
 We have preserved our right to withdraw from MISO by tendering our Notice of Withdrawal (subject to the FERC and the IURC approval). We have made no decision to seek withdrawal from MISO at this time. We will continue to assess the relative costs and benefits of being a MISO member, as well as actively advocate for our positions through the existing MISO stakeholder process and in filings with the FERC or IURC. 
 
 See also Note 2, Regulatory Matters to the Financial Statements for additional details on the regulatory oversight of the FERC and the IURC . 

REGULATION 
 
 General 
 
 IPL is a regulated public utility principally engaged in providing electric service to the Indianapolis metropolitan area. An inherent business risk facing any regulated public utility is that of unexpected or adverse regulatory action. Regulatory discretion is reasonably broad in Indiana, as it is elsewhere. We attempt to work cooperatively with regulators and those who participate in the regulatory process, while remaining vigilant in protecting or asserting our legal rights in the regulatory process. We take an active role in addressing regulatory policy issues in the current regulatory environment. Additionally, there is increased activity by environmental regulators, which has had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operations and financial statements for the foreseeable future. We maintain our books and records consistent with GAAP reflecting the impact of regulation. See Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Retail Ratemaking 
 
 IPL s tariff rates for electric service to retail customers consist of basic rates and charges which are set and approved by the IURC after public hearings. In addition, IPL s rates include various adjustment mechanisms including, but not limited to: (i) a rider to reflect changes in fuel and purchased power costs to meet IPL s retail load requirements, referred to as the FAC, (ii) a rider for the timely recovery of costs (including a return) incurred to comply with environmental laws and regulations, referred to as the ECCRA, (iii) a rider to reflect changes in ongoing MISO costs, referred to as the Regional Transmission Organization Adjustment, (iv) a rider to reflect changes in net capacity sales above and below an established annual benchmark of 11.3 million (beginning December 5, 2018), referred to as the Capacity Adjustment, (v) a rider for passing through to customers wholesale sales margins above and below an established annual benchmark of 16.3 million (beginning December 5, 2018), referred to as the Off-System Sales Margin Adjustment, and (vi) cost recovery, lost margin recoveries and performance incentives from our DSM programs. Each of these tariff rate components may be set and approved by the IURC in separate proceedings at different points in time (currently the FAC proceedings occur on a quarterly basis and IPL's other rider proceedings all occur on an annual basis). These components function somewhat independently of one 
 
 10 

another, but the overall structure of our rates and charges would be subject to review at the time of any review of our basic rates and charges. 
 
 For additional discussion of the regulatory environment related to our business, see the discussion in Note 2, Regulatory Matters to the Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state, regional and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, the generation, storage, handling, use, disposal and transportation of regulated materials, including ash; the use and discharge of water used in generation boilers and for cooling purposes; the emission and discharge of hazardous and other materials into the environment; and the health and safety of our employees. These laws and regulations often require a lengthy and complex process of obtaining and renewing permits and other governmental authorizations from federal, state and local agencies. Violation of these laws, regulations or permits can result in substantial fines, other sanctions, suspension or revocation of permits and/or facility shutdowns. There can be no assurance that we have been or will be at all times in full compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. 
 
 From time to time, we are subject to enforcement actions for claims of noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations. IPL cannot assure that it will be successful in defending against any claim of noncompliance. However, with the possible exception of the New Source Review NOV from the EPA (see Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies - Environmental Loss Contingencies - New Source Review and other CAA NOVs to the Financial Statements for additional details), we do not believe any currently open environmental investigations will result in fines material to our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for costs relating to contamination at our past or present facilities and at third-party waste disposal sites. We could also be held liable for human exposure to hazardous substances or for other environmental damage. Our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. A discussion of the legislative and regulatory initiatives most likely to affect us follows. 
 
 MATS 
 
 In April 2012, the EPA s rule to establish maximum achievable control technology standards for hazardous air pollutants regulated under the CAA emitted from coal and oil-fired electric utilities, known as MATS , became effective. IPL management developed and implemented a plan, which was approved by the IURC, to comply with this rule and all four Petersburg units have been and remain in compliance with the MATS rule since applicable deadlines. 
 
 Several lawsuits challenging the EPA s MATS rule were filed by other parties and consolidated into a single proceeding before the D.C. Circuit. In April 2014, the D.C. Circuit issued an opinion upholding the MATS rule. Numerous states and two trade groups petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court to review this opinion. In June 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court remanded MATS to the D.C. Circuit due to the EPA s failure to consider costs before deciding to regulate power plants under Section 112 of the CAA. In December 2015, the D.C. Circuit issued an order remanding MATS to the EPA without vacatur while the EPA worked to account for costs of the rule pursuant to the U.S. Supreme Court s decision. The EPA published its final appropriate and necessary findings in the Federal Register in April 2016. Several lawsuits were filed appealing that finding in the D.C. Circuit. In April 2017, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit ordered that these challenges be held in abeyance pending further order from the court as the EPA reconsiders the finding. On February 7, 2019, the EPA published a proposed rule finding that it is not appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutant emissions from coal- and oil-fired electric generating units (EGUs), but that the EPA would not remove the source category from the CAA Section 112(c) list of source categories and would not change the MATS requirements. Further rulemakings and/or proceedings are possible; however, in the meantime, MATS remains in effect. We currently cannot predict the outcome of the regulatory or judicial process, or its impact, if any, on our MATS compliance planning or ultimate costs. 

11 

Waste Management and CCR 
 
 In the course of operations, our facilities generate solid and liquid waste materials requiring eventual disposal or processing. Waste materials generated at our electric power and distribution facilities include asbestos, CCR, oil, scrap metal, rubbish, small quantities of industrial hazardous wastes such as spent solvents, tree-and-land-clearing wastes and polychlorinated biphenyl contaminated liquids and solids. We endeavor to ensure that all our solid and liquid wastes are disposed of in accordance with applicable national, regional, state and local regulations. With the exception of CCR, we do not usually physically dispose of waste materials on our property. Instead, they are usually shipped off-site for final disposal, treatment or recycling. Some of our CCRs are beneficially used on-site and off-site, including as a raw material for production of wallboard, concrete or cement and as agricultural soil amendment, and some are disposed off-site in permitted disposal facilities. A small amount of CCR, which consists of bottom ash, fly ash and air pollution control wastes, is disposed of at our Petersburg coal-fired power generation plant using engineered, permitted landfills. 
 
 The EPA's final CCR rule became effective in October 2015. Generally, the rule regulates CCR as nonhazardous solid waste and establishes national minimum criteria for existing and new CCR landfills and existing and new CCR ash ponds, including location restrictions, design and operating criteria, groundwater monitoring, corrective action and closure requirements and post-closure care. On December 16, 2016, President Obama signed into law the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act ("WIIN Act"), which includes provisions to implement the CCR rule through a state permitting program, or if the state chooses not to participate, a possible federal permit program. On December 19, 2019, the EPA issued a prepublication version of a proposed rule to establish a federal CCR permit program that would operate in states without approved CCR permit programs. If this rule is finalized before Indiana establishes a state-level CCR permit program, IPL could eventually be required to apply for a federal CCR permit from the EPA. 
 
 The EPA has indicated that they will implement a phased approach to amending the CCR rule. In July 2018, the EPA published final CCR Rule Amendments (Phase One, Part One) in the Federal Register . In August 2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia issued a decision in certain CCR litigation matters, which may result in additional revisions to the CCR rule. In October 2018, some environmental groups filed a petition for review challenging the EPA's final CCR rule amendments (Phase One, Part One) which have since been remanded without vacatur to the EPA. On August 14, 2019, the EPA published the amendments to the CCR rule; the amendments relate to the CCR rule's criteria for determining beneficial use and the regulation of CCR piles, among other revisions. On December 2, 2019, the EPA published additional proposed amendments to the CCR rule titled " A Holistic Approach to Closure Part A: Deadline to Initiate Closure ." 
 
 IPL was not able to meet certain location restrictions set in the CCR rule for ash ponds at the Harding Street and Eagle Valley generating stations by the deadline of October 17, 2018. As a result, the ash ponds, which are currently being used for managing non-CCR wastewaters will be required to close by October 31, 2020 or sooner. 
 
 The existing ash ponds at Petersburg did not meet certain structural stability requirements set forth in the CCR rule. As such, IPL was ultimately required to cease use of all existing ash ponds at Petersburg and did so as of November 11, 2018. To comply with the CCR rule, IPL installed a dry bottom ash handling system at a cost of approximately 46 million, which was completed in the third quarter of 2017. 
 
 The CCR rule, current or proposed amendments to the CCR rule, the results of groundwater monitoring data or the outcome of CCR-related litigation could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We would seek recovery of any resulting expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful in this regard. See Note 3, Property, Plant and Equipment - ARO to the Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 On July 29, 2019, the EPA published its proposed rule that would codify that financial responsibility demonstrations are not required for Electric Power Generation, Transmission and Distribution entities under CERCLA. Under Section 108(b) of CERCLA, the EPA must impose regulations on classes of facilities to ensure that such entities establish and maintain evidence of financial responsibility consistent with the degree and duration of risk associated with the production, transportation, treatment and storage of hazardous substances. The level of financial responsibility required is determined by the President, in his discretion. Some constituents of the CCR wastewater leachate detected through the CCR rule could, theoretically be classified as hazardous substances. The proposed rule, if finalized, would maintain the status quo in the Electric Power Generation, Transmission and Distribution industry that such financial responsibility demonstrations are not required. If, however additional financial 
 
 12 

responsibility requirements are imposed as a result of this rulemaking or associated litigation (if any), it could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Environmental Wastewater Requirements 
 
 In November 2015, the EPA published its final ELG rule to reduce toxic pollutants discharged into waterways by steam-electric power plants through technology applications. The wastewater treatment technologies installed and operated for compliance with the requirements of the October 2012 NPDES permit described above and the dry bottom ash handling system installed for compliance with the CCR Rule at Petersburg meet the requirements of the final ELG rule. On November 22, 2019, the EPA published proposed revisions to the 2015 ELG Rule related to flue gas desulfurization wastewater and bottom ash transport water. On April 12, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit vacated and remanded portions of the EPA s 2015 ELG Rule related to legacy wastewaters and combustion residual leachate. It is too early to determine whether any outcome of this decision or current or future revisions to the ELG rule might have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In June 2016, the EPA published the final national chronic aquatic life criterion for the pollutant, Selenium, in fresh water. IPL s NPDES permits may be updated to include Selenium water-quality based effluent limits based on a site-specific evaluation process, which includes determining if there is a reasonable potential to exceed the revised final Selenium water quality standards for the specific receiving water body utilizing actual and/or projected discharge information for the IPL generating facilities. As a result, it is not yet possible to predict the potential impacts of this criteria. However, if additional capital expenditures are necessary, they could be material. We would seek recovery of these capital expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful. 
 
 "Waters of the U.S." and Navigable Waters Protection Rules 
 
 In June 2015, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ("the agencies") published a rule defining federal jurisdiction over waters of the U.S., known as the "Waters of the U.S." rule. This rule, which initially became effective in August 2015, could expand or otherwise change the number and types of waters or features subject to CWA permitting. However, the agencies engaged in a two-step process to repeal the 2015 "Waters of the U.S." rule and replace it with a newly promulgated rule called the Navigable Waters Protection rule. The agencies completed the first step on October 22, 2019, by publishing the final rule repealing the 2015 "Waters of the U.S." rule. The agencies next proposed a revised definition of waters of the U.S. on December 11, 2018 and released the prepublication version of the final Navigable Waters Protection rule on January 23, 2020. It is too early to determine whether the newly promulgated Navigable Waters Protection rule might have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we cannot predict the outcome of the judicial or regulatory process. 
 
 Climate Change Legislation and Regulation 
 
 One byproduct of burning coal and other fossil fuels is the emission of GHGs, including CO 2 . We face certain risks related to existing and potential international, federal, state, regional and local GHG legislation and regulations, including risks related to increased capital expenditures or other compliance costs which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 The possible impact of any existing or future international, federal, regional or state GHG legislation, regulations or proposals will depend on various factors, including but not limited to: 

The geographic scope of legislation and/or regulation (e.g., international, federal, regional, state), which entities are subject to the legislation and/or regulation (e.g., electricity generators, load-serving entities, electricity deliverers, etc.), the enactment date of the legislation and/or regulation and the compliance deadlines set forth therein; 
 
 The level of reductions of GHGs being sought by the regulation and/or legislation (e.g., 10 , 20 , 50 , etc.) and the year selected as a baseline for determining the amount or percentage of mandated GHG reduction (e.g., 10 reduction from 1990 emission levels, 20 reduction from 2000 emission levels, etc.); 
 
 The legislative and/or regulatory structure (e.g., a GHG cap-and-trade program, a carbon tax, GHG emission limits, etc.); 
 
 In any cap-and-trade program, the mechanism used to determine the price of emission allowances or offsets to be auctioned by designated governmental authorities or representatives; 
 
 13 

The price of offsets and emission allowances in the secondary market, including any price floors or price caps on the costs of offsets and emission allowances; 
 
 The operation of and emissions from regulated units; 
 
 The permissibility of using offsets to meet reduction requirements and the requirements of such offsets (e.g., type of offset projects allowed, the amount of offsets that can be used for compliance purposes, any geographic limitations regarding the origin or location of creditable offset projects), as well as the methods required to determine whether the offsets have resulted in reductions in GHG emissions and that those reductions are permanent (i.e., the verification method); 
 
 Whether the use of proceeds of any auction conducted by responsible governmental authorities is reinvested in developing new energy technologies, is used to offset any cost impact on certain energy consumers or is used to address issues unrelated to power; 
 
 How the price of electricity is determined, including whether the price includes any costs resulting from any new climate change legislation and the potential to transfer compliance costs pursuant to legislation, market or contract, to other parties; 
 
 Any impact on fuel demand and volatility that may affect the market clearing price for power; 
 
 The effects of any legislation or regulation on the operation of power generation facilities that may in turn affect reliability; 
 
 The availability and cost of carbon control technology; 
 
 Whether any federal legislation regulating GHG emissions will preclude the EPA from regulating GHG emissions under the CAA or preempt private nuisance suits or other litigation by third parties; 
 
 Any opportunities to change the use of fuel at the generation facilities or opportunities to increase efficiency; and 
 
 Our ability to recover any resulting costs from our customers and the timing of such recovery. 
 
 Except as noted in the discussion below, at this time, we cannot estimate the costs of compliance with existing, proposed or potential international, federal, state or regional GHG emissions reductions legislation or initiatives due in part to the fact that many of these proposals are in earlier stages of development and any final laws or regulations, if adopted, could vary drastically from current proposals. Any international, federal, state or regional legislation adopted in the U.S. that would require the reduction of GHG emissions could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 The U.S. Congress has considered several different draft bills pertaining to GHG legislation, including comprehensive GHG legislation that would impact many industries and more limited legislation focusing only on the utility and electric generation industry. Although no legislation pertaining to GHG emissions has been passed to date by the U.S. Congress, similar legislation may be considered or passed by the U.S. Congress in the future. In addition, in the past Midwestern state governors (including the Governor of Indiana) and the premier of Manitoba, Canada committed to reduce GHG emissions through the implementation of a cap-and-trade program pursuant to the Midwestern Greenhouse Gas Reduction Accord. Though the participating states and province are no longer pursuing this commitment, similar applicable state or regional initiatives may be pursued in the future, particularly in connection with the CPP (discussed below). 
 
 The EPA regulates GHG emissions from certain stationary sources under the regulations formerly-called the Tailoring Rule. The regulations were implemented pursuant to two CAA programs: the Title V Operating Permit program and the program requiring a permit if undergoing certain new construction or major modifications, the PSD program. Obligations relating to Title V permits include recordkeeping and monitoring requirements. Sources subject to PSD can be required to implement BACT. In June 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the EPA had exceeded its statutory authority in issuing the Tailoring Rule by regulating under the PSD program sources based solely on their GHG emissions. However, the U.S. Supreme Court also held that the EPA could impose GHG BACT requirements for sources already required to implement PSD for certain other pollutants when GHG increases exceed a significance threshold. Currently, the EPA uses a 75,000 ton per year GHG threshold to determine if increases are significant. On October 3, 2016, the EPA published a proposed rule that would set a GHG significant emissions increase threshold of 75,000 tons per year, that, if exceeded as part of a major modification that otherwise triggered PSD, would require GHG BACT. Therefore, if future modifications to IPL s sources require PSD review for other pollutants and GHG increases exceed the EPA s GHG significance thresholds, such modifications may also trigger GHG BACT requirements. The EPA has issued guidance on what BACT entails for the control of GHG and individual states are now required to determine what controls are required for facilities within their jurisdiction on a case-by-case basis. 

14 

On October 23, 2015, the EPA finalized CO 2 emission rules for existing power plants under CAA Section 111(d) (called the CPP). The CPP provided for interim emissions performance rates to be achieved beginning in 2022 and final emissions performance rates to be achieved starting in 2030. 
 
 Additionally, the final NSPS for CO 2 emissions from new, modified and reconstructed fossil-fuel-fired power plants were published in the Federal Register on October 23, 2015. Several states and industry groups challenged the NSPS for CO 2 in the D.C. Circuit Court. Pursuant to a court order issued in August 2017, the litigation is being held in indefinite abeyance pending further court order. On December 20, 2018, the EPA published proposed revisions to the final NSPS for new, modified and reconstructed coal-fired electric utility steam generating units. The EPA proposed that the Best System of Emissions Reduction (BSER) for these units is highly efficient generation that would be equivalent to supercritical steam conditions for larger units and sub-critical steam conditions for smaller units, and not partial carbon capture and sequestration (CCS), which had been the BSER for these units in the 2015 final NSPS . The EPA did not include revisions for natural-gas combined cycle or simple cycle units in the December 20, 2018 proposal. Challenges to the GHG NSPS are being held in abeyance at this time. 
 
 On February 9, 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court issued orders staying implementation of the CPP pending resolution of challenges to the rule. On October 16, 2017, the EPA published in the Federal Register a proposed rule that would rescind the CPP. On July 8, 2019, the EPA published a final rule to repeal the CPP. On September 27, 2019, the D.C. Circuit granted motions to dismiss as moot the consolidated challenges to the CPP and challenges to the EPA's denial of reconsideration of the CPP. 
 
 On August 31, 2018, the EPA published in the Federal Register proposed Emission Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Existing Electric Utility Generating Units, known as the ACE Rule. On July 8, 2019, the EPA published the final ACE Rule along with associated revisions to implementing regulations. The final ACE Rule replaces the CPP and determines that heat rate improvement measures are the Best System of Emissions Reductions for existing coal-fired electric generating units. The final rule requires the State of Indiana to develop a State Plan to establish CO 2 emission limits for designated facilities, including IPL Petersburg s coal-fired electric generating units. States have three years to develop their plans under the rule. Impacts remain largely uncertain because Indiana's State Plan has not yet been developed. 
 
 Due to the uncertainty of these regulations, and existing and potential associated litigation, it is too early to determine the potential impact, but any rule could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We would seek recovery of any resulting capital expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful in this regard. 
 
 On the international level, on December 12, 2015, 195 nations, including the U.S., finalized the text of an international climate change accord in Paris, France (the Paris Agreement ), which agreement was signed and officially entered into on April 22, 2016. The Paris Agreement calls for countries to set their own GHG emissions targets, make these emissions targets more stringent over time and be transparent about the GHG emissions reporting and the measures each country will use to achieve its GHG emissions targets. A long-term goal of the Paris Agreement is to limit global temperature increase to well below two degrees Celsius from temperatures in the pre-industrial era. The U.S. had proposed that implementation of the CPP would fulfill much of its intended reductions under the Paris Agreement, but in August 2017, the U.S. informed the United Nations it would withdraw from the Paris Agreement, but would continue to participate in related meetings during the withdrawal process. On November 4, 2019, the U.S. announced that it had officially notified the U.N. that the U.S. will withdraw from the Paris Agreement. As such, the U.S. will officially be able to withdraw on November 4, 2020. 
 
 Based on the above, there is some uncertainty with respect to the impact of GHG rules on IPL. The GHG BACT requirements will not apply at least until we construct a new major source or make a major modification of an existing major source, and the NSPS will not require us to comply with an emissions standard until we construct a new electric generating unit. We do not have any planned major modifications of an existing source or plans to construct a new major source which are expected to be subject to these regulations at this time. Furthermore, the EPA, states and other utilities are still evaluating potential impacts of the GHG regulations in our industry. In light of these uncertainties, we cannot predict the impact of the EPA s current and future GHG regulations on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition, but it could be material. 

15 

Unit Retirements and Replacement Generation 
 
 Four coal-fired units at IPL s Eagle Valley Station site in Indiana were retired in April 2016. IPL replaced this generation with a 671 MW CCGT at the Eagle Valley site, which was completed in April 2018, at a cost of 597 million. IPL also completed a refuel of its Harding Street Station Units 5, 6 and 7 from coal to natural gas (approximately 610 total MW net capacity) at a total cost of approximately 105 million. The Harding Street 5 and 6 refueling projects were completed in December 2015 and the Harding Street 7 refuel was completed in the second quarter of 2016. The costs to build and operate the CCGT and the Harding Street Station refueling projects, including a return, are reflected in the basic rates and charges from IPL's 2018 Base Rate Order effective on December 5, 2018. 
 
 In December 2019, IPL filed its IRP, which describes IPL's Preferred Resource Portfolio for meeting generation capacity needs for serving its retail customers over the next several years. See Note 2, " Regulatory Matters - IRP Filing " to the Financial Statements for additional details. 
 
 New Source Review and Other CAA NOVs 
 
 See Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies - Environmental Loss Contingencies - New Source Review and other CAA NOVs to the Financial Statements for additional details. 
 
 CSAPR 
 
 CSAPR addresses the "good neighbor" provision of the CAA, which prohibits sources within each state from emitting any air pollutant in an amount which will contribute significantly to any other state s nonattainment, or interference with maintenance of, any NAAQS. The CSAPR is implemented, in part, through a market-based program under which compliance may be achievable through the acquisition and use of emissions allowances created by the EPA. Following implementation and legal challenges of the EPA s 2005 federal CAIR, the federal CSAPR became effective in January 2015 requiring the further reduction of SO 2 and NO x emissions from power plants in 28 states, including Indiana, which contribute to ozone and/or fine particle pollution in other states. In October 2016, the EPA published a final rule to update the CSAPR to address the 2008 ozone NAAQS CSAPR Update Rule ). The CSAPR Update Rule found that NO x ozone season emissions in 22 states (including Indiana) affect the ability of downwind states to attain and maintain the 2008 ozone NAAQS, and accordingly, the EPA issued federal implementation plans that both generally provide updated CSAPR NO x ozone season emission budgets for electric generating units within these states and that implement these budgets through modifications to the CSAPR NO x ozone season allowance trading program. Implementation began in the 2017 ozone season (May through September 2017). Affected facilities receive fewer ozone season NOx allowances in 2017 and later, possibly resulting in the need to purchase additional allowances. Additionally, on September 13, 2019, the D.C. Circuit remanded a portion of October 2016 CSAPR Update Rule to the EPA. With respect to these new standards and requirements, there has not been a significant impact to date, however at this time we cannot predict what the impact will be in future years but it could be material. 
 
 NAAQS 
 
 Under the CAA, the EPA sets NAAQS for six criteria pollutants considered harmful to public health and the environment, including particulate matter, NO x , ozone and SO 2 , which result from fossil-fuel combustion. Areas meeting the NAAQS are designated attainment areas while those that do not meet the NAAQS are considered nonattainment areas. Each state must develop a plan to bring nonattainment areas into compliance with the NAAQS, which may include imposing operating limits on individual plants. The EPA is required to review NAAQS at five-year intervals. 
 
 Ozone. In October 2015, the EPA published a final rule lowering the NAAQS for ozone to 70 parts per billion from 75 parts per billion. The EPA published its final designations for the areas in which our operations are located on November 16, 2017. None of our operations are located in areas designated as nonattainment. 
 
 In December 2013, eight northeastern states petitioned the EPA to add nine upwind states, including Indiana, to the Ozone Transport Region, a group of states required to impose enhanced restrictions on NO x emissions. In November 2017, the EPA published a final rule denying the petition. In December 2017, eight northeastern states filed a petition for review challenging the final rule denying the petition. On April 23, 2019, the D.C. Circuit denied the petition. 
 
 16 

In March 2018, the state of New York submitted a petition to the EPA pursuant to Section 126 of the CAA requesting new limitations on NO x emissions from dozens of upwind generating stations, including IPL's Petersburg, Harding Street, and Eagle Valley stations on the basis that they are contributing significantly to New York s ability to meet the 2008 ozone NAAQS. On October 18, 2019, the EPA published final denial of the petition. States subsequently filed a petition for review in the D.C. Circuit challenging the EPA s denial. If the Section 126 petition is ultimately granted, our units could be subject to additional requirements, which could be material. We would seek recovery of any resulting capital expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful. 
 
 Additionally, on November 16, 2016, the state of Maryland submitted a petition to the EPA pursuant to Section 126 of the CAA requesting new limitations on NO x emissions from 36 upwind generating units, including IPL's Petersburg generating station units 2 and 3, on the basis that they are contributing significantly to Maryland s ability to meet the 2008 ozone NAAQS. On October 5, 2018, the EPA published a denial of Maryland s petition. The States of Maryland and Delaware, in addition to environmental groups, have a filed petition with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia challenging the EPA s denial. If the Section 126 petition is ultimately granted, our Petersburg generating station units 2 and 3 could be subject to additional requirements, which could be material. We would seek recovery of any resulting capital expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful. 
 
 Fine Particulate Matter. In 2013, the EPA published the 2012 annual PM2.5 standard of 12 micrograms per cubic meter of air and the 24-hour PM2.5 standard of 35 micrograms per cubic meter of air. In 2015, the EPA published its final attainment designations for the 2012 PM2.5 standard. In addition to the PM2.5 standard, there is also a 24-hour PM10 standard of 150 micrograms per cubic meter of air. No IPL operations are currently located in nonattainment areas. 
 
 NO x and SO 2 . In 2010, a one-hour primary NAAQS became effective for NO x and a new one-hour SO 2 primary NAAQS also became effective. In 2013, the EPA published in the Federal Register its final designation, which include portions of Marion, Morgan, and Pike counties as nonattainment with respect to the one-hour SO 2 standard. 
 
 In 2015, IDEM published its final rule establishing reduced SO 2 limits for IPL facilities in accordance with the new one-hour standard, for the areas in which IPL s Harding Street, Petersburg, and Eagle Valley generating stations operate, with compliance required by January 1, 2017. Improvements to the existing FGD systems at Petersburg station were required to meet the emission limits imposed by the rule. The rule has not impacted IPL s Eagle Valley or Harding Street generating stations as these facilities ceased coal combustion in advance of the compliance date. 
 On August 15, 2018, the EPA proposed to approve Indiana's State Implementation Plan (SIP) addressing attainment of the 2010 SO 2 standard for certain locations including those of IPL's Harding Street and Petersburg Generating Stations. On March 22, 2019, the EPA finalized approval of Indiana s attainment plan for the area that includes Harding. The EPA has not approved the attainment plan for the area that includes Petersburg. Instead IDEM has imposed additional SO2 limits on Petersburg through a Commissioner s Order issued July 31, 2019. On September 18, 2019, IDEM requested EPA approval of those limits as part of the SIP. Once the limits are approved as part of the SIP, IDEM can resubmit the attainment plan for EPA approval for the area that includes Petersburg. 
 
 On April 26, 2017, the IURC approved IPL s request for NAAQS SO 2 compliance at its Petersburg generation station with 80 of qualifying costs recovered through a rate adjustment mechanism and the remainder recorded as a regulatory asset for recovery in a subsequent rate case. The approved capital cost of the NAAQS SO 2 compliance plan is approximately 29 million. Subsequently, on September 18, 2019, IDEM issued a Commissioner s Order further reducing SO 2 limits which are being achieved through operation of existing controls. 
 
 Based on these current and potential national ambient air quality standards, the state of Indiana is required to determine whether certain areas within the state meet the NAAQS. With respect to Marion, Morgan and Pike Counties, as well as any other areas determined to be in nonattainment, the state of Indiana will be required to modify its State Implementation Plan to detail how the state will regain its attainment status. As part of this process, it is possible that the IDEM or the EPA may require reductions of emissions from our generating stations to reach attainment status for ozone, fine particulate matter or SO 2 . At this time, we cannot predict what the impact will be to IPL with respect to these new ambient standards, but it could be material. 

17 

Cooling Water Intake Regulations 
 
 We use water as a coolant at our generating stations. Under the CWA, cooling water intake structures are required to reflect the BTA for minimizing adverse environmental impact. In 2014, the EPA's final standards became effective to protect fish and other aquatic organisms drawn into cooling water systems at large power plants and other facilities. These standards, based on Section 316(b) of the CWA, require affected facilities to choose amongst seven BTA options to reduce fish impingement. In addition, certain facilities must conduct studies to assist permitting authorities to determine whether and what site-specific controls, if any, would be required to reduce entrainment of aquatic organisms. It is possible this process, which includes permitting and public input, could result in the need to install closed-cycle cooling systems (closed-cycle cooling towers) or other technology. Finally, the standards require that new units added to an existing facility must reduce both impingement and entrainment that achieves one of two alternatives under national BTA standards. IPL s NPDES permits will be updated with the requirements of this rule, including any source-specific requirements arising from the evaluation process described above. As a result, it is not yet possible to predict the total impacts of this final rule, including any challenges to such final rule and the outcome of any such challenges. However, if additional capital expenditures are necessary, they could be material. We would seek recovery of these capital expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful. 
 
 Other 
 
 In response to Executive Orders, the EPA continues evaluating various existing regulations to be considered for repeal, replacement or modification. We cannot predict at this time the likely outcome of the EPA s review of other existing regulations or what impact it may have on our business. 
 
 Summary 
 
 Environmental laws and regulations presently require us to incur material capital expenditures and operating costs. See Capital Expenditures discussion in " Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Capital Resources and Liquidity - Capital Requirements " for additional details regarding our environmental capital projects. We would expect to seek recovery of both capital and operating costs related to such compliance, although there can be no assurances that we would be successful. In addition, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. As a result, our operating expenses and continuing capital expenditures associated with environmental matters may increase. More stringent standards may also limit our operating flexibility and have a negative impact on our wholesale volumes and margins. Depending on the level and timing of recovery allowed by the IURC, these costs could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may seek recovery of any operating or capital expenditures; however, there can be no assurances that we would be successful. 

ENERGY SUPPLY 
 
 Approximately 58 of the total kWh we generated in 2019 was from coal as compared to approximately 69 and 88 in 2018 and 2017 , respectively. Our existing coal contracts provide for all of our current projected requirements in 2020 and approximately 57 in total for the three-year period ending December 31, 2022 . We have long-term coal contracts with four suppliers. Approximately 33 of our existing coal under contract for the three-year period ending December 31, 2022 comes from one supplier. We have one contract with this supplier, which employs non-unionized labor, for the provision of coal from three separate mines. 
 
 Historically, we used coal as a fuel source at the Petersburg, Harding Street and Eagle Valley stations. However, the Harding Street station unit 7 conversion from coal to natural gas was completed in the second quarter of 2016 and the coal-fired units at Eagle Valley were retired in April 2016, and, as a result, we no longer burn coal at Harding Street or Eagle Valley. In addition, we plan to retire approximately 630 MW of coal-fired generation at Petersburg Units 1 and 2 by 2023 (for further discussion, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters - IRP Filing ). 
 
 Pricing provisions in some of our long-term coal contracts allow for price changes under certain circumstances. Substantially all of our coal is currently mined in the state of Indiana, and all of our coal supply is mined by unaffiliated suppliers or third parties. Our goal is to carry a 25-50 day system supply of coal to offset unforeseen occurrences such as equipment breakdowns and transportation or mine delays. Our present inventory is within our target range. 
 
 18 

Natural gas and fuel oil provided the remaining kWh generation in 2019. Natural gas is used in our steam boiler units at Harding Street Station (Units 5 and 6 beginning in December 2015 and Unit 7 beginning in the second quarter of 2016), our CCGT at Eagle Valley and combustion turbines. IPL sources natural gas from the wholesale market delivered to our plants by interstate pipeline and local distribution companies. IPL holds firm pipeline transportation commitments on Texas Gas Transmission interstate pipeline and has firm redelivery contracts with the local distribution companies that serve IPL plants. IPL has established physical natural gas hedges for approximately 50 of the expected consumption at Eagle Valley during the 2020 winter period. We do not maintain a natural gas inventory; however, our experience has been that natural gas is readily available at liquid supply points on interstate pipelines, and we expect this availability to continue in the future. Fuel oil is used for start-up and flame stabilization in coal-fired generating units, as primary fuel in two older combustion turbines, and as an alternate fuel in two other combustion turbines. 
 
 As a result of the completion of the CCGT at the Eagle Valley Station in April 2018, the Harding Street Station refueling projects and the retirement of coal-fired units at Eagle Valley in the second quarter of 2016, we have experienced and expect to continue experiencing an increase in the percentage of generation from natural gas. The generation fuel mix from coal and natural gas will continue to change as the relative prices of the commodities change. Currently, approximately 58 of the total kWh we generate is from coal and approximately 42 is from natural gas. 
 
 Additionally, we meet the electricity demands of our retail customers with energy purchased under power purchase agreements and by purchases in MISO. We are committed under long-term power purchase agreements to purchase all energy from two wind projects that have a combined maximum output capacity of 300 MW. We have 96.4 MW of solar-generated electricity in our service territory under long-term contracts, of which 95.9 MW was in operation as of December 31, 2019 . We also purchase up to 8 MW of energy from a combined heat and power facility located in Indianapolis, Indiana. 
 
 Total electricity sold to our retail customers in 2019 came from the following sources: 49.6 from IPL-owned coal-fired steam generation, 40.2 from IPL-owned natural gas-fired units, and 10.2 from power purchased under power purchase agreements (primarily wind and solar) and from the wholesale power market. 

19 

STATISTICAL INFORMATION ON OPERATIONS 
 
 The following table of statistical information presents additional data on our operations: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2019 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 Revenues (In Thousands) : 

Residential 

611,945 

599,037 

551,022 

541,174 

488,582 
 
 Small commercial and industrial 
 
 221,150 

219,175 

205,473 

208,928 

192,232 
 
 Large commercial and industrial 
 
 556,383 

568,408 

561,194 

557,491 

526,461 
 
 Public lighting 
 
 9,896 

9,845 

9,906 

10,023 

10,823 
 
 Retail electric revenues 
 
 1,399,374 

1,396,465 

1,327,595 

1,317,616 

1,218,098 
 
 Wholesale 
 
 68,474 

38,789 

8,574 

15,804 

19,307 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 13,795 

15,251 

13,419 

14,010 

12,994 
 
 Total revenues 

1,481,643 

1,450,505 

1,349,588 

1,347,430 

1,250,399 
 
 kWh Sales (In Millions) : 

Residential 
 
 5,200 

5,335 

4,915 

5,152 

5,062 
 
 Small commercial and industrial 
 
 1,840 

1,907 

1,800 

1,850 

1,837 
 
 Large commercial and industrial 
 
 6,283 

6,558 

6,448 

6,620 

6,757 
 
 Public lighting 
 
 42 

51 

53 

57 

53 
 
 Sales retail customers 
 
 13,365 

13,851 

13,216 

13,679 

13,709 
 
 Wholesale 
 
 2,718 

1,241 

268 

507 

689 
 
 Total kWh sold 
 
 16,083 

15,092 

13,484 

14,186 

14,398 
 
 Retail Customers at End of Year: 

Residential 
 
 448,210 

443,184 

439,741 

435,622 

431,182 
 
 Small commercial and industrial 
 
 53,751 

49,239 

48,684 

48,204 

47,919 
 
 Large commercial and industrial 
 
 4,635 

4,680 

4,705 

4,763 

4,737 
 
 Public lighting 
 
 980 

976 

959 

955 

953 
 
 Total retail customers 
 
 507,576 

498,079 

494,089 

489,544 

484,791 

HOW TO CONTACT IPALCO AND SOURCES OF OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at One Monument Circle, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204, and our telephone number is (317) 261-8261. Our website address is www.iplpower.com . The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. The SEC maintains an internet website that contains this report and other information that we file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov . 
 
 20 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investors should consider carefully the following risk factors that could cause our business, operating results and financial condition to be materially adversely affected. New risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict those risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our business or financial performance. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other detailed information concerning IPALCO and IPL set forth in the Notes to the Financial Statements and in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations herein. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. 
 
 Our electric generating facilities are subject to operational risks that could result in unscheduled plant outages, unanticipated operation and/or maintenance expenses, increased fuel or purchased power costs and other significant liabilities for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. 
 
 We operate coal, oil and natural gas generating facilities, which involve certain risks that can adversely affect energy costs, output and efficiency levels. These risks include: 

unit or facility shutdowns due to a breakdown or failure of equipment or processes; 
 
 increased prices for fuel and fuel transportation as existing contracts expire or as such contracts are adjusted through price re-opener provisions or automatic adjustments; 
 
 disruptions in the availability or delivery of fuel and lack of adequate inventories; 
 
 shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment; 
 
 loss of cost-effective disposal options for solid waste generated by the facilities; 
 
 accidents and injuries; 
 
 reliability of our suppliers; 
 
 inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements; 
 
 operational restrictions resulting from environmental or permit limitations or governmental interventions; 
 
 construction delays and cost overruns; 
 
 disruptions in the delivery of electricity; 
 
 labor disputes or work stoppages by employees; 
 
 the availability of qualified personnel; 
 
 events occurring on third party systems that interconnect to and affect our system; 
 
 operator error; and 
 
 catastrophic events. 
 
 The above risks could result in unscheduled plant outages, unanticipated operation and/or maintenance expenses, increased capital expenditures, and/or increased fuel and purchased power costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. These risks are partially mitigated by IPL's ability to generally pass fuel and purchased power costs through to customers through the FAC. If unexpected plant outages occur frequently and/or for extended periods of time, however, this could result in adverse regulatory action. 
 
 Additionally, as a result of the above risks and other potential hazards associated with the power generation industry, we may from time to time become exposed to significant liabilities for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. Power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. The control and management of these risks depend upon adequate development and training of personnel and on the existence of operational procedures, preventative maintenance plans and specific programs supported by quality control systems which reduce, but do not eliminate, the possibility of the occurrence and impact of these risks. 
 
 The hazardous activities described above can also cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and fines and/or penalties. We maintain an amount of insurance protection that we believe is adequate, but there can be no assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. A successful claim for which we are not fully insured could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, except for IPL s large substations, transmission and distribution assets are not covered by insurance and are considered to be outside the scope of 
 
 21 

property insurance. Further, due to rising insurance costs and changes in the insurance markets, we cannot provide assurance that insurance coverage will continue to be available on terms similar to those presently available to us or at all. Any such losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We may not always be able to recover our costs to deliver electricity to our retail customers. The costs we can recover and the return on capital we are permitted to earn for certain aspects of our business are regulated and governed by the laws of Indiana and the rules, policies and procedures of the IURC. 
 
 We are currently obligated to supply electric energy to retail customers in our service territory. Even though rate regulation is premised on full recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that the IURC will agree that all of our costs have been prudently incurred or are recoverable. There also is no assurance that the regulatory process in which rates are determined will always result in rates that will produce a full or timely recovery of our costs and authorized return. From time to time, the demand for electric energy required to meet our service obligations could exceed our available electric generating capacity. When our retail customer demand exceeds our generating capacity for units operating under MISO economic dispatch, recovery of our cost to purchase electric energy in the MISO market to meet that demand is subject to a stipulation and settlement agreement. The agreement includes a benchmark which compares hourly purchased power costs to daily natural gas prices. Purchased power costs above the benchmark must meet certain criteria in order for us to fully recover them from our retail customers, such as consideration of the capacity of units available but not selected by the MISO economic dispatch. We may not always have the ability to pass all of the purchased power costs on to our customers, and even if we are able to do so, there may be a significant delay between the time the costs are incurred and the time the costs are recovered. Since these situations most often occur during periods of peak demand, the market price for electric energy at the time we purchase it could be very high, and we may not be allowed to recover all of such costs through our FAC. Even if a supply shortage were brief, we could suffer substantial losses that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Changes in, or reinterpretations of, the laws, rules, policies and procedures that set electric rates, permitted rates of return, changes in IPL s rate structure, regulations regarding ownership of generation assets and electric service, reliability initiatives, fuel and purchased power (which account for a substantial portion of our operating costs), capital expenditures and investments and the recovery of these and other costs on a full or timely basis through rates, power market prices and changes to the frequency and timing of rate increases could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or a decline in the number of customers or in customer usage. 
 
 Customer growth and customer usage are affected by a number of factors outside our control, such as energy efficiency and DSM measures, population changes, job and income growth, housing starts, new business formation and the overall level of economic activity. A lack of growth, or a decline, in the number of customers in our service territory or in customer demand for electricity could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and may cause us to fail to fully realize anticipated benefits from investments and expenditures. 
 
 The availability and cost of fuel and other commodities have experienced and could continue to experience significant volatility and we may not be able to hedge the entire exposure of our operations from availability and price volatility. In addition, a significant amount of our electricity is generated by coal and a substantial amount of our coal supply comes from one supplier. 
 
 Our business is sensitive to changes in the price of coal, natural gas, purchased power and emissions allowances. In addition, changes in the prices of steel, copper and other raw materials can have a significant impact on our costs. We also are dependent on purchased power, in part, to meet our seasonal planning reserve margins. Any changes in fuel prices could affect the prices we charge, our operating costs and our competitive position with respect to our products and services. 
 
 Our exposure to fluctuations in the price of fuel is limited because, pursuant to Indiana law, we may apply to the IURC for a change in our FAC every three months to recover our estimated fuel costs, which may be above or below the levels included in our basic rates and charges. In addition, we may generally recover the energy portion of our purchased power costs in these quarterly FAC proceedings subject to a benchmark (please see Note 
 
 22 

2, Regulatory Matters FAC and Authorized Annual Jurisdictional Net Operating Income to the Financial Statements for additional details regarding the benchmark and the process to recover fuel costs). As part of this cost-recovery process, we must present evidence in each proceeding that we have made every reasonable effort to acquire fuel and generate or purchase power or both so as to provide electricity to our retail customers at the lowest fuel cost reasonably possible. If we are unable to timely or fully recover our fuel and purchased power costs, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Approximately 58 of the energy we produced in 2019 was generated by coal as compared to approximately 69 and 88 in 2018 and 2017 , respectively. While we have approximately 57 in total of our current coal requirements for the three-year period ending December 31, 2022 under long-term contracts as of the date of this report, the balance is yet to be purchased and will be purchased under a combination of long-term contracts, short-term contracts and on the spot market. Prices can be highly volatile in both the short-term market and on the spot market. The coal market has experienced significant price volatility in the last several years. We are now in a global market for coal in which our domestic price is increasingly affected by international supply disruptions and demand balance. Coal exports from the U.S. have increased significantly at times in recent years. In addition, domestic developments such as government-imposed direct costs and permitting issues that affect mining costs and supply availability, and the variable demand of retail customer load and the performance of our generation fleet have an impact on our fuel procurement operations. In addition, pricing provisions in some of our coal contracts with terms of one year or more allow for price changes under certain circumstances. 
 
 Because of our dependence on coal to meet customer demand for electricity, our business and operations could be materially adversely affected by unexpected price volatility in the coal market, price increases pursuant to the provisions of certain of our long-term coal contracts, and the continued regulatory and political scrutiny of coal. As discussed below, regulators, politicians and non-governmental organizations have expressed concern about GHG emissions and are taking actions which, in addition to the potential physical risk associated with climate change, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our dependence on coal also means that the output of our coal-fired generation units can be greatly affected by the costs of other fuels combusted by generation facilities that compete with our coal-fired generation units. Natural gas prices over the last several years have been relatively low and some gas-fired generators that previously were primarily used during periods of peak and intermediate electric demand have run even during periods of relatively low demand. This has caused many coal-fired generators, including ours, to run fewer hours during these periods of base-load demand. 
 
 In addition, substantially all of our coal supply is currently mined in the state of Indiana, and all of our coal supply is currently mined by unaffiliated suppliers or third parties. Our current goal is to carry a 25-50 day system supply of coal to offset unforeseen occurrences such as equipment breakdowns and transportation or mine delays. IPL has long-term contracts with four suppliers, with about 33 of our existing coal under contract for the three-year period ending December 31, 2022 coming from one supplier. In recent years, the coal industry has undergone significant restructuring as a result of debt restructurings, bankruptcy proceedings and other factors. Further restructuring may result in a failure of our suppliers to fulfill their contractual obligations or fewer suppliers and, consequently, increased dependency on any one supplier. Any significant disruption in the ability of our suppliers, particularly our most significant suppliers, to mine or deliver coal or other fuel, or any failure on the part of our suppliers to fulfill their contractual obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business. In the event of disruptions or failures, there can be no assurance that we would be able to purchase power or find another supplier of fuel on similarly favorable terms, which could also limit our ability to recover fuel costs through the FAC proceedings. 
 
 Catastrophic events could adversely affect our facilities, systems and operations. 
 
 Catastrophic events such as fires, explosions, cyber-attacks, terrorist acts, acts of war, pandemic events, or natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, severe winds, ice or snow storms, droughts or other similar occurrences could adversely affect our generation facilities, transmission and distribution systems, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our Petersburg Plant, which is our largest source of generating capacity, is located in the Wabash Valley seismic zone, adjacent to the New Madrid seismic zone, which are both areas of significant seismic activity in the central U.S. 

23 

Concerns about GHG emissions and the potential risks associated with climate change have led to increased regulation and other actions that could impact our business. 
 
 One byproduct of burning coal and other fossil fuels is the emission of GHGs, including CO 2 . At the federal, state and regional levels, policies are under development or have been developed to regulate GHG emissions. In 2019, IPL emitted approximately 13 million tons of CO 2 from our power plants. IPL uses CO 2 emission estimation methodologies supported by The Greenhouse Gas Protocol reporting standard on GHG emissions. Our CO 2 emissions are determined from emissions monitoring data and calculations using actual fuel heat inputs and fuel type CO 2 emission factors. 
 
 There currently is no U.S. federal legislation imposing mandatory GHG emission reductions (including for CO2) that affects our electric power generation facilities. However, in 2015, the EPA promulgated a rule establishing NSPS for CO 2 emissions for newly constructed and modified/reconstructed fossil-fueled EUSGUs larger than 25 MW. Also in 2015, the EPA promulgated the CPP, which requires interim reductions by preexisting EUSGUs beginning in 2022, with full compliance achieved by 2030. These actions have been challenged in Court and the current Administration has announced plans to significantly amend or rescind the rules. In 2016, the EPA adopted regulations pertaining to GHG emissions that require new and existing sources of GHG emissions to potentially obtain new source review permits from the EPA prior to construction or modification, but only if such sources also must obtain a new source review permit for increases in other regulated pollutants. 
 
 For further discussion of the regulation of GHG emissions in the U.S., including the U.S. Supreme Court's issued order staying implementation of the CPP, and the EPA's proposal to rescind the CPP, see "Item 1. Business -Environmental Matters - Climate Change Legislation and Regulation ." 
 
 In December 2015, the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change convened for the 21st Conference of the Parties and the resulting Paris Agreement established a long-term goal of keeping the increase in global average temperature well below 2 C above pre-industrial levels. We anticipate that the Paris Agreement will continue the trend toward efforts to de-carbonize the global economy. While future participation by the United States in the Paris Agreement remains uncertain, such participation could further limit GHG emissions. 
 
 Any existing or future international, federal, state or regional legislation or regulation of GHG emissions could have a material adverse impact on our financial performance. The actual impact on our financial performance will depend on a number of factors, including among others, the degree and timing of GHG emissions reductions required under any such legislation or regulations, the price and availability of offsets, the extent to which market-based compliance options are available, the extent to which we would be entitled to receive GHG emissions allowances without having to purchase them in an auction or on the open market and the impact of such legislation or regulation on our ability to recover costs incurred through rate increases or otherwise. Our cost of compliance could be substantial. Although we would seek recovery of costs associated with new climate change or GHG regulations, our inability to fully or timely recover such costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, concerns over GHG emissions and their effect on the environment have led, and could lead further, to reduced demand for coal-fired power, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Furthermore, according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, physical risks from climate change could include, but are not limited to, increased runoff and earlier spring peak discharge in many glacier and snow-fed rivers, warming of lakes and rivers, an increase in sea level, changes and variability in precipitation and in the intensity and frequency of extreme weather events. Physical impacts may have the potential to significantly affect our business and operations. For example, extreme weather events could result in increased downtime and operation and maintenance costs at our electric power generation facilities and our support facilities. Variations in weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity, would also be expected to affect the energy needs of customers. A decrease in energy consumption could decrease our revenues. In addition, while revenues would be expected to increase if the energy consumption of customers increased, such increase could prompt the need for additional investment in generation capacity. Changes in the temperature of lakes and rivers and changes in precipitation that result in drought could adversely affect the operations of our fossil-fuel fired electric power generation facilities. If any of the foregoing risks materialize, costs may increase or revenues may decrease and there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 If any of the foregoing risks materialize, costs may increase or revenues may decrease and there could be a material adverse effect on our business and on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, cash 
 
 24 

flows and reputation. Please see Item 1. Business - Environmental Matters for additional information of environmental matters impacting us, including those relating to regulation of GHG emissions. 
 
 We are subject to numerous environmental laws, rules and regulations that require capital expenditures, increase our cost of operations, may expose us to environmental liabilities or make continued operation of certain generating units unprofitable. 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state, regional and local environmental protection and health and safety laws, rules and regulations governing, among other things, the generation, storage, handling, use, disposal and transportation of regulated materials, including CCR; the use and discharge of water used in generation boilers and for cooling purposes; the emission and discharge of hazardous and other materials into the environment; and the health and safety of our employees. Such laws, rules and regulations can become stricter over time, and we could also become subject to additional environmental laws, rules and regulations and other requirements in the future. Environmental laws, rules and regulations also generally require us to comply with inspections and obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, and other governmental authorizations. These laws and regulations often require a lengthy and complex process of obtaining and renewing licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations from federal, state and local agencies. If we are not able to timely comply with inspections and obtain, maintain or comply with all environmental laws, rules and regulations, and all licenses, permits, and other government authorizations required to operate our business, then our operations could be prevented, delayed or subject to additional costs. A violation of environmental laws, rules, regulations, permits or other requirements can result in substantial fines, penalties, other sanctions, permit revocation, facility shutdowns, the imposition of stricter environmental standards and controls or other injunctive measures affecting operating assets. Compliance with these laws, regulations and other requirements requires us to expend significant funds and resources and could at some point become prohibitively expensive or result in our shutting down (temporarily or permanently) or altering the operation of our facilities. Under certain environmental laws, we could also be held responsible for costs relating to contamination at our past or present facilities and at third-party waste disposal sites. We could also be held strictly, jointly and severally liable for human exposure to hazardous substances or for other environmental damage. From time to time we are subject to enforcement and litigation actions for claims of noncompliance with environmental laws, rules and regulations or other environmental requirements. We cannot assure that we will be successful in defending against any claim of noncompliance. Any actual or alleged violation of environmental laws, rules, regulations and other requirements also may require us to expend significant resources to defend against any such alleged violations and expose us to unexpected costs. Our costs and liabilities relating to environmental matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 The amount of capital expenditures required to comply with environmental laws or regulations could be impacted by the outcome of the EPA s NOVs described in Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies - Environmental Loss Contingencies - New Source Review and other CAA NOVs to the Financial Statements. These NOVs could also result in fines, which could be material. IPL retired four coal-fired units at Eagle Valley in April 2016, as described in Item 1. Business - Environmental Matters - Unit Retirements and Replacement Generation. The primarily coal-fired units that have been retired and/or converted were not equipped with the advanced environmental control technologies needed to comply with existing and expected regulations. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to potentially significant remediation expenses, enforcement initiatives, private party lawsuits and reputational risk associated with CCR, which consists of bottom ash, fly ash, and air pollution control wastes generated at our current and former coal-fired generation plant sites . We expect to incur substantial costs to comply with CCR rules and requirements and any changes to the CCR rules or requirements or other new rules or requirements addressing CCR may require us to incur additional costs. Also, we may become subject to CCR-related lawsuits or involved in other CCR-related litigation that may requires us to incur other costs or expose us to unexpected liabilities, which could be significant. In addition, CCR and its production at our facilities have been the subject of interest from environmental non-governmental organizations and the media. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Please see Item 1. Business - Environmental Matters for additional information of environmental matters impacting us. 

25 

The use of non-derivative and derivative instruments in the normal course of business could result in losses that could negatively impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 We sometimes use non-derivative and derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures and forwards, to manage commodity and financial risks. We may at times enter into forward contracts to hedge the risk of volatility in earnings from wholesale marketing activities. These trades are affected by a range of factors, including variations in power demand, fluctuations in market prices, market prices for alternative commodities and optimization opportunities. We have attempted to manage our commodities price risk exposure by establishing and enforcing risk limits and risk management policies. Despite our efforts, however, these risk limits and management policies may not work as planned and fluctuating prices and other events could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these instruments can involve management s judgment or the use of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of some of these contracts. We could also recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of these contracts, a counterparty failing to perform, or the underlying transactions which the instruments are intended to hedge failing to materialize, which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act contains significant requirements related to derivatives that, among other things, could reduce the cost effectiveness of entering into derivative transactions. 
 
 In July 2010, The Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law. The Dodd-Frank Act contains significant requirements relating to derivatives, including, among others, a requirement that certain transactions be cleared on exchanges that would necessitate the posting of cash collateral for these transactions. We are considered an end-user under the Dodd-Frank Act and therefore are exempt from most of the collateral and margining requirements. We are required to report any bilateral derivative contracts, unless our counterparty is a major swap participant or has elected to report on our behalf. Even though we qualify for an exception from these requirements, our counterparties that do not qualify for the exception may pass along any increased costs incurred by them through higher prices and reductions in unsecured credit limits or be unable to enter into certain transactions with us. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our business is sensitive to weather and seasonal variations. 
 
 Weather conditions significantly affect the demand for electric power, and accordingly, our business is affected by variations in general weather conditions and unusually severe weather. As a result of these factors, our operating revenues and associated operating expenses are not generated evenly by month during the year. We forecast electric sales on the basis of normal weather, which represents a long-term historical average. Significant variations from normal weather (such as warmer winters and cooler summers) could have a material impact on our revenue, operating income and net income and cash flows. In addition, severe or unusual weather, such as floods, tornadoes and ice or snow storms, may cause outages and property damage that may require us to incur additional costs that may not be insured or recoverable from customers. While we are permitted to seek recovery of certain severe storm damage costs, if we are unable to fully recover such costs in a timely manner, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our membership in a regional transmission organization presents risks that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We are a member of MISO, a FERC-regulated regional transmission organization. MISO serves the electrical transmission needs of a 15-state area including much of the Mid-U.S. and Canada and maintains functional operational control over our electric transmission facilities, as well as that of the other utility members of MISO. We retain control over our distribution facilities. As a result of membership in MISO and its operational control, our continued ability to import power, when necessary, and export power to the wholesale market has been, and may continue to be, impacted. We offer our generation and bid our load into this market on a day-ahead basis and settle differences in real time. Given the nature of MISO s policies regarding use of transmission facilities, and its administration of the energy and ancillary services markets, it is difficult to predict near-term operational impacts. We cannot assure MISO s reliable operation of the regional transmission system, or the impact of its operation of the energy and ancillary services markets. 

26 

The rules governing the various regional power markets may also change from time to time which could affect our costs and revenues and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may expand or otherwise change our transmission system according to decisions made by MISO in addition to our internal planning process. In addition, various proposals and proceedings before the FERC relating to MISO or otherwise may cause transmission rates to change from time to time. We also incur fees and costs to participate in MISO. 
 
 To the extent that we rely, at least in part, on the performance of MISO to maintain the reliability of our transmission system, it puts us at some risk for the performance of MISO. In addition, actions taken by MISO to secure the reliable operation of the entire transmission system operated by MISO could result in voltage reductions, rolling blackouts, or sustained system-wide blackouts on IPL s transmission and distribution system, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See also Item 1. Business - MISO Operations and Item 1. Business - Regulation Retail Ratemaking. 
 
 If we were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, which likely would not be recoverable from customers through regulated rates. 
 
 As an owner and operator of a bulk power transmission system, IPL is subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by the NERC and enforced by the FERC. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and is guided by reliability and market interface principles. Compliance with reliability standards may subject us to higher operating costs or increased capital expenditures. Although we expect to recover costs and expenditures from customers through regulated rates, there can be no assurance that the IURC will approve full recovery in a timely manner. If we were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, which likely would not be recoverable from customers through regulated rates and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We rely on access to the financial markets. General economic conditions and disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect our ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all, and cause increases in our interest expense. 
 
 From time to time we rely on access to the capital and credit markets as a source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows. These capital and credit markets experience volatility and disruption from time to time and the ability of corporations to raise capital can be negatively impacted. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets make it harder and more expensive to raise capital. Our ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all can be adversely affected by unfavorable market conditions or declines in our creditworthiness, and we may be unable to access adequate funding to refinance our debt as it becomes due or finance capital expenditures. The extent of any impact will depend on several factors, including our operating cash flows, financial condition and prospects, the overall supply and demand in the credit markets, our credit ratings, credit capacity, the cost of financing, the financial condition, performance and prospects of other companies in our industry or with similar financial circumstances and other general economic and business conditions. It may also depend on the performance of credit counterparties and financial institutions with which we do business. Access to funds under our existing financing arrangements is also dependent on the ability of our counterparties to meet their financing commitments and our satisfying conditions to borrowing. Our inability to obtain financing on reasonable terms, or at all, with creditworthy counterparties could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If our available funding is limited or we are forced to fund our operations at a higher cost, these conditions may require us to curtail our business activities and increase our cost of funding, both of which would adversely impact our profitability. 
 
 See Note 7, Debt to the Financial Statements for information regarding indebtedness. See also Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for information related to market risks. 
 
 Our transmission and distribution system is subject to operational, reliability and capacity risks. 
 
 The ongoing reliable performance of our transmission and distribution system is subject to risks due to, among other things, weather damage, intentional or unintentional damage, equipment or process failure, catastrophic events, such as fires and/or explosions, facility outages, labor disputes, accidents or injuries, operator error, or inoperability of key infrastructure internal or external to us and events occurring on third party systems that 
 
 27 

interconnect to and affect our system. The failure of our transmission and distribution system to fully operate and deliver the energy demanded by customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and if such failures occur frequently and/or for extended periods of time, could result in adverse regulatory action. In addition, the advent and quick adaptation of new products and services that require increased levels of electrical energy cannot be predicted and could result in insufficient transmission and distribution system capacity. As with all utilities, potential concern with the adequacy of transmission capacity on IPL s system or the regional systems operated by MISO could result in MISO, the NERC, the FERC or the IURC requiring us to upgrade or expand our transmission system through additional capital expenditures or share in the costs of regional expansion. Also, as a result of the above risks and other potential risks and hazards associated with transmission and distribution operations, we may from time to time become exposed to significant liabilities for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. Except for IPL s large substations, transmission and distribution assets are not covered by insurance and are considered to be outside the scope of property insurance. Otherwise, we maintain an amount of insurance protection that we believe is adequate, but there can be no assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. Further, any increased costs or adverse changes in the insurance markets may cause delays or inability in maintaining insurance coverage on terms similar to those presently available to us or at all. A successful claim for which we are not fully insured could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Current and future conditions in the economy may adversely affect our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows have been and will continue to be affected by general economic conditions. Slowing economic growth, credit market conditions, fluctuating consumer and business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices, and other challenges affecting the general economy, have caused and may continue to cause some of our customers to experience deterioration of their businesses, cash flow shortages, and difficulty obtaining financing. As a result, existing customers may reduce their electricity consumption and may not be able to fulfill their payment obligations to us in the normal, timely fashion. In addition, some existing commercial and industrial customers may discontinue their operations. Sustained downturns, recessions or a sluggish economy generally affect the markets in which we operate and negatively influence our energy operations. A contracting, slow or sluggish economy could reduce the demand for energy in areas in which we are doing business. For example, during economic downturns, our commercial and industrial customers may see a decrease in demand for their products, which in turn may lead to a decrease in the amount of energy they require. Furthermore, projects which may result in potential new customers may be delayed until economic conditions improve. Some of our suppliers, customers and other counterparties, and others with whom we transact business experience financial difficulties, which may impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us or result in their declaring bankruptcy or similar insolvency-like proceedings. For example, our counterparties on forward purchase contracts and financial institutions involved in our credit facility may become unable to fulfill their contractual obligations. We may not be able to enter into replacement agreements on terms as favorable as our existing agreements. Reduced demand for our electric services, failure by our customers to timely remit full payment owed to us and supply delays or unavailability could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In particular, the projected economic growth and total employment in Indianapolis are important to the realization of our forecasts for annual energy sales. 
 
 The level of our indebtedness, and the security provided for this indebtedness, could adversely affect our financial flexibility. 
 
 As of December 31, 2019 , we had on a consolidated basis 2,651.6 million of indebtedness and total common shareholders equity of 546.5 million . IPL had 1,713.8 million of first mortgage bonds outstanding as of December 31, 2019 , which are secured by the pledge of substantially all of the assets of IPL under the terms of IPL s mortgage and deed of trust. This level of indebtedness and related security could have important consequences, including the following: 

increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 
 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund other corporate purposes; 
 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and 
 
 28 

limiting, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in our indebtedness, our ability to borrow additional funds, as needed. 
 
 We expect to incur additional debt in the future, subject to the terms of our debt agreements and regulatory approvals for any IPL debt. To the extent we become more leveraged, the risks described above would increase. Further, actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than expected. Accordingly, our cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay at maturity all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due and, in that event, we may not be able to borrow money, sell assets or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms or at all to refinance our debt as it becomes due. For a further discussion of outstanding debt, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 7, Debt to the Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. 
 
 We have variable rate debt that bears interest based on a prevailing rate that is reset based on a market index that can be affected by market demand, supply, market interest rates and other market conditions. We also maintain both cash on deposit and investments in cash equivalents from time to time that could be impacted by interest rate fluctuations. As such, any event which impacts market interest rates could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, ratings agencies issue credit ratings on us and our debt that affect our borrowing costs under our financial arrangements and affect our potential pool of investors and funding sources. Our credit ratings also govern the collateral provisions of certain of our contracts. If the rating agencies were to downgrade our credit ratings, our borrowing costs would likely further increase, our potential pool of investors and funding resources could be reduced, and we could be required to post additional cash collateral under selected contracts. These events would likely reduce our liquidity and profitability and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Economic conditions relating to the asset performance and interest rates of the Pension Plans could materially and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Pension costs are based upon a number of actuarial assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, level of employer contributions, the expected life span of pension plan beneficiaries and the discount rate used to determine the present value of future pension obligations. Any of these assumptions could prove to be wrong, resulting in a shortfall of our Pension Plans assets compared to pension obligations under the Pension Plans. Further, the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations under the Pension Plans. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below our projected return rates. A decline in the market value of the Pension Plans assets will increase the funding requirements under the Pension Plans if the actual asset returns do not recover these declines in value in the foreseeable future. Future pension funding requirements, and the timing of funding payments, may also be subject to changes in legislation. We are responsible for funding any shortfall of our Pension Plans assets compared to obligations under the Pension Plans, and a significant increase in our pension liabilities could materially and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We are subject to the Pension Protection Act of 2006, which requires underfunded pension plans to improve their funding ratios within prescribed intervals based on the level of their underfunding. As a result, our required contributions to these plans, at times, have increased and may increase in the future. In addition, our pension and postemployment benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. As interest rates decrease, the discounted liabilities increase benefit expense and funding requirements. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements for the obligations related to the pension and other postemployment benefit plans. Declines in market values and increased funding requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Please see Note 9, Benefit Plans to the Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 
 Counterparties providing materials or services may fail to perform their obligations, which could harm our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We enter into transactions with and rely on many counterparties in connection with our business, including for the purchase and delivery of inventory, including fuel and equipment components, for our capital improvements and additions and to provide professional services, such as actuarial calculations, payroll processing and various consulting services. If any of these counterparties fails to perform its obligations to us or becomes unavailable, our business plans may be materially disrupted, we may be forced to discontinue or delay certain operations if a cost-effective alternative is not readily available or we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then- 
 
 29 

current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices and cause delays. Although our agreements are designed to mitigate the consequences of a potential default by the counterparty, our actual exposure may be greater than the relief provided by these mitigation provisions. Any of the foregoing could result in regulatory actions, cost overruns, delays or other losses, any of which (or a combination of which) could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Further, our construction program calls for extensive expenditures for capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades, improvements to generation, transmission and distribution facilities, as well as other initiatives. As a result, we have engaged, and will continue to engage, numerous contractors and have entered into a number of agreements to acquire the necessary materials and/or obtain the required construction related services. In addition, some contracts provide for us to assume the risk of price escalation and availability of certain metals and key components. This could force us to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices and cause construction delays. It could also subject us to enforcement action by regulatory authorities to the extent that such a contractor failure resulted in a failure by IPL to comply with requirements or expectations, particularly with regard to the cost of the project. As a result of these events, we might incur losses or delays in completing construction. 
 
 Accidental improprieties and undetected errors in our internal controls and information reporting could result in the disallowance of cost recovery, noncompliant disclosure or incorrect payment processing. 
 
 Our internal controls, accounting policies and practices and internal information systems are designed to enable us to capture and process transactions and information in a timely and accurate manner in compliance with GAAP, laws and regulations, taxation requirements and federal securities laws and regulations in order to, among other things, disclose and report financial and other information in connection with the recovery of our costs and with our reporting requirements under federal securities, tax and other laws and regulations and to properly process payments. We have also implemented corporate governance, internal control and accounting policies and procedures in connection with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our internal controls and policies have been and continue to be closely monitored by management and our Board of Directors. While we believe these controls, policies, practices and systems are adequate to verify data integrity, unanticipated and unauthorized actions of employees, temporary lapses in internal controls due to shortfalls in oversight or resource constraints could lead to improprieties and undetected errors that could result in the disallowance of cost recovery, noncompliant disclosure and reporting or incorrect payment processing. The consequences of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 New accounting standards or changes to existing accounting standards could materially affect how we report our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The SEC, FASB or other authoritative bodies or governmental entities may issue new pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting standards that may require us to change our accounting policies. These changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could materially affect how we report our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which could adversely affect our financial condition. In addition, in preparing our Financial Statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
 
 We are subject to extensive laws and local, state and federal regulation, as well as litigation and other proceedings that could affect our operations and costs. 
 
 As an electric utility, we are subject to extensive regulation at both the federal and state level. For example, at the federal level, we are regulated by the FERC and the NERC and, at the state level, we are regulated by the IURC. The regulatory power of the IURC over IPL is both comprehensive and typical of the traditional form of regulation generally imposed by state public utility commissions. We face the risk of unexpected or adverse regulatory action. Regulatory discretion is reasonably broad in Indiana. We are subject to regulation by the IURC as to our services and facilities, the valuation of property, the construction, purchase, or lease of electric generating facilities, the classification of accounts, rates of depreciation, the increase or decrease in retail rates and charges, the issuance of securities and long-term debt, the acquisition and sale of some public utility properties or securities and certain other matters. 

30 

IPL s tariff rates for electric service to retail customers consist of basic rates and charges which are set and approved by the IURC after public hearings. In addition, IPL s rates typically include various adjustment mechanisms and we must seek approval from the IURC through such public proceedings of our rate adjustment mechanism factors to reflect changes in certain costs. There can be no assurance that we will be granted approval of rate adjustment mechanism factors that we request from the IURC. The failure to obtain IURC approval of requested relief, or any other adverse rate determination by the IURC could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 As a result of the EPAct and subsequent legislation affecting the electric utility industry, we have been required to comply with rules and regulations in areas including mandatory reliability standards, cyber security, transmission expansion and energy efficiency. We are currently unable to predict the long-term impact, if any, to our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows as a result of these rules and regulations. Complying with the regulatory environment to which we are subject requires us to expend a significant amount of funds and resources. The failure to comply with this regulatory environment could subject us to substantial financial costs and penalties and changes, either forced or voluntary, in the way we operate our business. 
 
 Independent of the IURC s ability to review basic rates and charges, Indiana law requires electric utilities under the jurisdiction of the IURC to meet operating expense and income test requirements as a condition for approval of requested changes in the FAC. Additionally, the fuel charge applied for can be reduced if a utility s rolling twelve-month operating income, determined at quarterly measurement dates, exceeds a utility s authorized annual jurisdictional net operating income and there are not sufficient applicable cumulative net operating income deficiencies against which the excess rolling twelve-month jurisdictional net operating income can be offset. 
 
 Future events, including the advent of retail competition within IPL s service territory, could result in the deregulation of part of IPL s existing regulated business. In addition to effects on our business that could result from any deregulation, such as a loss of customers and increased costs to retain or attract customers upon deregulation, adjustments to IPL s accounting records may be required to eliminate the historical impact of regulatory accounting. Such adjustments, as required by FASB ASC 980 Regulated Operations, could eliminate the effects of any actions of regulators that have been recognized as assets and liabilities. Required adjustments could include the expensing of any unamortized net regulatory assets, the elimination of certain tax liabilities, and a write down of any impaired utility plant balances. We expect IPL to meet the criteria for the application of ASC 980 for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We are subject to litigation, regulatory proceedings, administrative proceedings, audits, settlements, investigations and claims from time to time that require us to expend significant funds to address. There can be no assurance that the outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Asbestos and other regulated substances are, and may continue to be, present at our facilities, and we have been named as a defendant in asbestos litigation. The continued presence of asbestos and other regulated substances at these facilities could result in additional litigation being brought against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Please see Note 2, Regulatory Matters and Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies to the Financial Statements for a summary of significant regulatory matters and legal proceedings involving us. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain a qualified and properly motivated workforce, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 One of the challenges we face is to retain a skilled, efficient and cost-effective workforce while recruiting new talent to replace losses in knowledge and skills due to resignations, terminations or retirements. This undertaking could require us to make additional financial commitments and incur increased costs. If we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, we have employee compensation plans that reward the performance of our employees. We seek to ensure that our compensation plans encourage acceptable levels for risk and high performance through pay mix, performance metrics and timing. We also have policies and procedures in place to mitigate excessive risk-taking by employees since excessive risk-taking by our employees to achieve performance targets could result in events that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

31 

We are subject to collective bargaining agreements that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We are subject to collective bargaining agreements with employees who are members of a union. Approximately 69 of our employees are represented by a union in two bargaining units: a physical unit and a clerical-technical unit. While we believe that we maintain a satisfactory relationship with our employees, it is possible that labor disruptions affecting some or all of our operations could occur during the period of the collective bargaining agreements or at the expiration of the collective bargaining agreements before new agreements are negotiated. We may not be able to successfully train new personnel as current workers with significant knowledge and expertise retire. Work stoppages by, or poor relations or ineffective negotiations with, our employees or other workforce issues could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Potential security breaches (including cyber-security breaches) and terrorism risks could adversely affect our businesses. 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated systems and network infrastructure at our generation stations, fuel storage facilities and transmission and distribution facilities. We also use various financial, accounting and other systems in our businesses. These systems and facilities are vulnerable to unauthorized access due to hacking, viruses, other cyber-security attacks and other causes. In particular, given the importance of energy and the electric grid, there is the possibility that our systems and facilities could be targets of terrorism or acts of war. We have implemented measures to help prevent unauthorized access to our systems and facilities, including network and system monitoring, identification and deployment of secure technologies, and certain other measures to comply with mandatory regulatory reliability standards. Pursuant to NERC requirements, we have a robust cyber-security plan in place and are subject to regular audits by an independent auditor approved by NERC. We routinely test our systems and facilities against these regulatory requirements in order to measure compliance, assess potential security risks, and identify areas for improvement. In addition, we provide cyber-security training for our employees and perform exercises designed to raise employee awareness of cyber risks on a regular basis. To date, cyber-attacks on our business and operations have not had a material impact on our operations or financial results. Despite our efforts, if our systems or facilities were to be breached or disabled, we may be unable to recover them in a timely manner to fulfill critical business functions, including the supply of electric services to our customers, and we could experience decreases in revenues and increases in costs that could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 In the course of our business, we also store and use customer, employee, and other personal information and other confidential and sensitive information, including personally identifiable information and personal financial information. If our or our third-party vendors systems were to be breached or disabled, sensitive and confidential information and other data could be compromised, which could result in negative publicity, remediation costs and potential litigation, damages, consent orders, injunctions, fines and other relief. 
 
 To help mitigate these risks, we maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses, including coverage for illegal acts against us. However, insurance may not be adequate to protect us against all costs and liabilities associated with these risks. 
 
 IPALCO is a holding company and parent of IPL and other subsidiaries. IPALCO s cash flow is dependent on operating cash flows of IPL and its ability to pay cash to IPALCO. 
 
 IPALCO is a holding company with no material assets other than the common stock of its subsidiaries, and accordingly all cash is generated by the operating activities of our subsidiaries, principally IPL. As such, IPALCO s cash flow is largely dependent on the operating cash flows of IPL and its ability to pay cash to IPALCO. IPL s mortgage and deed of trust, its amended articles of incorporation and its Credit Agreement and unsecured notes contain restrictions on IPL s ability to issue certain securities or pay cash dividends to IPALCO. For example, there are restrictions that require maintenance of a leverage ratio which could limit the ability of IPL to pay dividends. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Capital Resources and Liquidity for a discussion of these restrictions. See Note 7, Debt to the Financial Statements for information regarding indebtedness. In addition, IPL is regulated by the IURC, which possesses broad oversight powers to ensure that the needs of utility customers are being met. The IURC could impose additional restrictions on the ability of IPL to distribute, loan or advance cash to IPALCO pursuant to these broad powers. While we do not expect any of the foregoing restrictions to significantly affect IPL s ability to pay funds to IPALCO in the future, a 
 
 32 

significant limitation on IPL s ability to pay dividends or loan or advance funds to IPALCO would have a material adverse effect on IPALCO s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the U.S. federal, state and local governments. From time to time, legislative measures may be enacted that could adversely affect our overall tax positions regarding income or other taxes. There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these legislative measures. 
 
 For example, the U.S. federal government enacted tax reform in 2017 that, among other things, reduces U.S. federal corporate income tax rates, imposes limits on tax deductions for interest expense and changes the rules related to capital expenditure cost recovery. There are a number of uncertainties and ambiguities as to the interpretation and application of many of the provisions of the newly enacted tax reform measure. Given the unpredictability of these possible changes and their potential interdependency, it remains difficult to assess the overall effect such tax changes will have on our earnings and cash flow, and the extent to which such changes could adversely impact our results of operations. As the impacts of the new law are determined, and as yet-to-be released regulations and other guidance interpreting the new law are issued and finalized, our financial results could be materially impacted. 
 
 In addition, U.S. federal, state and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. There can be no assurance that our tax positions will be sustained if challenged by relevant tax authorities and if not sustained, there could be a material impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Our ownership by AES subjects us to potential risks that are beyond our control. 
 
 All of IPL s common stock is owned by IPALCO, all of whose common stock is owned by AES U.S. Investments (82.35 and CDPQ (17.65 ). Due to our relationship with AES, any adverse developments and announcements concerning AES may impair our ability to access the capital markets and to otherwise conduct business. In particular, downgrades in AES s credit ratings could result in IPL s or IPALCO s credit ratings being downgraded. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Information relating to our properties is contained in Item 1. Business Properties . 
 
 Mortgage Financing on Properties 
 
 IPL s mortgage and deed of trust secures first mortgage bonds issued by IPL. Pursuant to the terms of the mortgage and deed of trust, substantially all property owned by IPL is subject to a direct first mortgage lien securing indebtedness of 1,713.8 million at December 31, 2019 . In addition, IPALCO has outstanding 875.0 million of debt obligations which are secured by its pledge of all of the outstanding common stock of IPL. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 In the normal course of business, we are subject to various lawsuits, actions, claims, and other proceedings. We are also from time to time involved in other reviews, investigations and proceedings by governmental and regulatory agencies regarding our business, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. We have accrued in our Financial Statements for litigation and claims where it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We believe the amounts provided in our Financial Statements, as prescribed by GAAP, for these matters are adequate in light of the probable and estimable contingencies. However, there can be no assurances that the actual amounts required to satisfy alleged liabilities from various legal proceedings, claims and other matters (including those matters noted below), and to comply with applicable laws and regulations will not exceed the amounts reflected in our Financial Statements. As such, costs, if any, that may be incurred in excess of those amounts provided for in our Financial 
 
 33 

Statements, cannot be reasonably determined, but could be material. Please see Item 1. Business Environmental Matters herein, Note 2, Regulatory Matters and Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies to the Financial Statements for a summary of significant legal proceedings involving us. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 As of February 27, 2020 , all of the outstanding common stock of IPALCO is owned by AES U.S. Investments 82.35 and CDPQ 17.65 ). As a result, our stock is not listed for trading on any stock exchange. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , we paid distributions to our shareholders totaling 136.4 million, 130.2 million and 105.1 million, respectively. Future distributions to our shareholders will be determined at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend primarily on dividends received from IPL and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. Please see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Resources and Liquidity of this Form 10-K for a discussion of limitations on dividends from IPL. In order for us to make any dividend payments to our shareholders, we must, at the time and as a result of such dividends, either maintain certain credit ratings on our senior long-term debt or be in compliance with leverage and interest coverage ratios contained in IPALCO s Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. We do not believe this requirement will be a limiting factor in paying dividends in the ordinary course of prudent business operations. 
 
 Dividend and Capital Structure Restrictions 
 
 IPL s mortgage and deed of trust and its amended articles of incorporation contain restrictions on IPL s ability to issue certain securities or pay cash dividends. So long as any of the several series of bonds of IPL issued under its mortgage remains outstanding, and subject to certain exceptions, IPL is restricted in the declaration and payment of dividends, or other distribution on shares of its capital stock of any class, or in the purchase or redemption of such shares, to the aggregate of its net income, as defined in the mortgage, after December 31, 1939. In addition, pursuant to IPL s articles, no dividends may be paid or accrued, and no other distribution may be made on IPL s common stock unless dividends on all outstanding shares of IPL preferred stock have been paid or declared and set apart for payment. As of December 31, 2019 , and as of the filing of this report, IPL was in compliance with these restrictions. 
 
 IPL is also restricted in its ability to pay dividends if it is in default under the terms of its Credit Agreement or unsecured notes, which could happen if IPL fails to comply with certain covenants. These covenants, among other things, require IPL to maintain total debt to total capitalization not in excess of 0.65 to 1. As of December 31, 2019 , and as of the filing of this report, IPL was in compliance with all covenants and no event of default existed. 
 
 IPALCO s Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation contain provisions which state that IPALCO may not make a distribution to its shareholders or make a loan to any of its affiliates (other than its subsidiaries), unless: (a) there exists no event of default (as defined in the articles) and no such event of default would result from the making of the distribution or loan; and either (b)(i) at the time of, and/or as a result of, the distribution or loan, IPALCO s leverage ratio does not exceed 0.67 to 1 and IPALCO s interest coverage ratio is not less than 2.50 to 1 or, (b)(ii) if such ratios are not within the parameters, IPALCO s senior long-term debt rating from one of the three major credit rating agencies is at least investment grade. As of December 31, 2019 , and as of the filing of this report, IPALCO was in compliance with all covenants and no event of default existed. 
 
 IPALCO is also restricted in its ability to pay dividends if it is in default under the terms of its Term Loan, which could happen if IPALCO fails to comply with certain covenants. These covenants, among other things, require IPALCO to maintain a ratio of total debt to total capitalization not in excess of 0.67 to 1. As of December 31, 2019 , and as of the filing of this report, IPALCO was in compliance with all covenants and no event of default existed. 
 
 34 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 The following table presents our selected consolidated financial data which should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements and the related notes thereto and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The Results of Operations discussion in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations addresses significant fluctuations in operating data. IPALCO is owned by AES U.S. Investments and CDPQ, and therefore does not report earnings or dividends on a per-share basis. Other data that management believes is important in understanding trends in our business is also included in this table. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2019 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 

(In Thousands) 
 Statement of Operations Data: 

Revenues 

1,481,643 

1,450,505 

1,349,588 

1,347,430 

1,250,399 
 
 Operating income 

296,752 

236,358 

239,198 

261,829 

204,483 
 
 Earnings from operations before income tax 

167,921 

147,474 

157,744 

192,270 

91,090 
 
 Net income 

132,393 

134,025 

108,793 

131,060 

59,524 
 
 Balance Sheet Data (end of period): 

Total assets 

4,928,669 

4,862,053 

4,740,561 

4,702,281 

4,217,169 
 
 Long-term debt (less current maturities) 

2,092,430 

2,649,064 

2,477,538 

2,474,840 

2,153,276 
 
 Common shareholders equity 

546,476 

573,266 

572,276 

571,183 

352,933 
 
 Cumulative preferred stock of subsidiary 

59,784 

59,784 

59,784 

59,784 

59,784 
 
 Other Data: 

Capital expenditures (1) 

219,242 

235,764 

228,861 

607,716 

686,064 

(1) Capital expenditures includes 5.6 million, 11.4 million, 10.6 million, 15.5 million and 13.2 of payments for financed capital 
 expenditures in 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements and the notes thereto. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from the results suggested by these forward-looking statements. Please see Forward-Looking Statements and Item 1A. Risk Factors. For a list of certain abbreviations or acronyms in this discussion, see Defined Terms at the beginning of this Form 10-K. 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 Compared with the prior year, the results for the year ended December 31, 2019 reflect higher earnings from operations before income tax of 20.4 million , or 14 , primarily due to factors including, but not limited to: 

increased retail rates following the 2018 Base Rate Order, which approved a 43.9 million, or 3.2 , increase in annual revenues and also increased the benchmark for recovery of wholesale margins and capacity sales. 
 
 This was partially offset by: 

a net decrease in the volume of retail kWh sold mostly due to milder weather; 
 
 increased maintenance expense primarily driven by higher distribution line clearance costs, including vegetation management; and 
 
 lower allowance for borrowed funds used during construction following the 2018 Base Rate order (resulting in higher interest expense). 
 
 See " Results of Operations " below for further discussion. 

35 

OVERVIEW OF 2019 RESULTS AND STRATEGIC PERFORMANCE 
 
 The most important matters on which we focus in evaluating our financial condition and operating performance and allocating our resources include: (i) recurring factors which have significant impacts on operating performance such as: regulatory action, environmental matters, weather and weather-related damage in our service area, customer growth and the local economy; (ii) our progress on performance improvement and growth strategies designed to maintain high standards in several operating areas (including safety, customer satisfaction, operations, financial and enterprise-wide performance, talent management/people, capital allocation/sustainability and corporate social responsibility) simultaneously; and (iii) our short-term and long-term financial and operating strategies. For a discussion of how we are impacted by regulation and environmental matters, please see Note 2, Regulatory Matters to the Financial Statements and Environmental Matters in Item 1. Business. 
 
 Operational Excellence 
 
 Our objective is to optimize IPL s performance in the U.S. utility industry by focusing on the following areas: safety, operations (reliability and customer satisfaction), financial and enterprise-wide performance (efficiency and cost savings, talent management/people, capital allocation/sustainability and corporate social responsibility). We set and measure these objectives carefully, balancing them in a way and to a degree necessary to ensure a sustainable high level of performance in these areas simultaneously as compared to our peers. We monitor our performance in these areas, and where practical and meaningful, compare performance in some areas to peer utilities. Because some of our financial and enterprise-wide performance measures are company-specific performance goals, they are not benchmarked. 
 
 Our safety performance is measured by both leading and lagging metrics. Our leading safety metrics track safety observations, safety meeting engagement and the reporting of non-injury near misses. Our lagging safety metrics track lost work day cases, severity rate, and recordable incidents. We are committed to excellence in safety and have implemented various programs to increase safety awareness and improve work practices. 
 
 IPL measures delivery reliability by Customer Average Interruption Duration Index ("CAIDI"), System Average Interruption Duration Index ("SAIDI") and System Average Interruption Frequency Index ("SAIFI") and benchmarks the reliability metrics against other utilities at both the state and national levels. IPL measures generation reliability by Commercial Availability CA , Equivalent Forced Outage Factor EFOF and Equivalent Availability Factor EAF metrics and benchmarks both EFOF and EAF results nationally. We measure Customer Satisfaction using J.D. Power in their Electric Utility Residential Customer Satisfaction Study and Research America Market Research - Consumer Insight. Monitoring performance in the areas such as competitive rates, operational reliability and customer service supports our ongoing work to deliver reliable service to our customers. 

36 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following review of consolidated results of operations and " Capital Resources and Liquidity" sections compare the results for the year ended December 31, 2019 to the results for the year ended December 31, 2018. For discussion comparing the results for the year ended December 31, 2018 to the results for the year ended December 31, 2017, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2019. 
 
 In addition to the discussion on operations below, please see the Statistical Information on Operations table included in Item 1. Business of this report for additional data such as kWh sales and number of customers by customer class. 
 
 Statements of Operations Highlights 

Years Ended December 31, 
 (In Thousands) 
 
 2019 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 REVENUES 

1,481,643 

1,450,505 

1,349,588 

OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES: 

Fuel 
 
 340,466 

331,701 

281,542 
 
 Power purchased 
 
 133,674 

164,542 

189,847 
 
 Operation and maintenance 
 
 428,201 

431,620 

385,906 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 240,314 

232,332 

208,451 
 
 Taxes other than income taxes 
 
 42,236 

53,952 

44,644 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 
 1,184,891 

1,214,147 

1,110,390 

OPERATING INCOME 
 
 296,752 

236,358 

239,198 

OTHER INCOME / (EXPENSE), NET: 

Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 
 3,486 

8,477 

25,798 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 (121,771) 
 
 (95,509) 
 
 (101,130) 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

(8,875) 
 Other income / (expense), net 
 
 (10,546) 
 
 (1,852) 
 
 2,753 
 
 Total other income / (expense), net 
 
 (128,831) 
 
 (88,884) 
 
 (81,454) 

EARNINGS FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAX 
 
 167,921 

147,474 

157,744 

Less: income tax expense 
 
 35,528 

13,449 

48,951 
 
 NET INCOME 
 
 132,393 

134,025 

108,793 

Less: dividends on preferred stock 
 
 3,213 

3,213 

3,213 
 
 NET INCOME APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCK 

129,180 

130,812 

105,580 

37 

2019 versus 2018 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Revenues increased in 2019 from the prior year by 31.1 million , which resulted from the following changes (dollars in thousands): 

2019 
 
 2018 
 
 Change 
 
 Percentage Change 
 Revenues: 

Retail Revenues 

1,399,374 

1,396,465 

2,909 

0.2 
 
 Wholesale Revenues 
 
 68,474 

38,789 

29,685 

76.5 
 
 Miscellaneous Revenues 
 
 13,795 

15,251 

(1,456) 
 
 (9.5) 
 Total Revenues 

1,481,643 

1,450,505 

31,138 

2.1 
 
 Heating Degree Days (1) : 

Actual 
 
 5,298 

5,417 

(119) 
 
 (2.2) 
 30-year Average 
 
 5,365 

5,367 

Cooling Degree Days (1) : 

Actual 
 
 1,318 

1,625 

(307) 
 
 (18.9) 
 30-year Average 
 
 1,074 

1,066 

(1) Heating and cooling degree-days are a measure of the relative heating or cooling required for a home or business. The heating degrees in a day are calculated as the degrees that the average actual daily temperature is below 65 degrees Fahrenheit. For example, if the average temperature on March 20th was 40 degrees Fahrenheit, the heating degree days for that day would be the 25-degree difference between 65 degrees and 40 degrees. Similarly, cooling degree days in a day are calculated as the degrees that the average actual daily temperature is above 65 degrees Fahrenheit. 
 
 Retail Revenues 
 
 The increase in retail revenues of 2.9 million was primarily due to the following (in millions): 
 Volume: 
 
 Net decrease in the volume of kWh sold, primarily due to milder weather in our service territory versus the comparable period (as demonstrated by the 2 decrease in heating degree days and 19 decrease in cooling degree days, as shown above) 
 
 (49.5) 
 Price: 
 
 Net increase in the weighted average price of retail kWh sold, primarily due to new basic rates and charges that were effective on December 5, 2018 as a result of implementing the 2018 Base Rate Order and favorable block rate (1) and other retail rate variances, partially offset by decreases in environmental and DSM program rate adjustment mechanism revenues (2) . 
 46.7 
 
 Increase in other retail revenues primarily due to updated estimates of 2018 DSM shared savings and lost revenues recorded in 2019. 
 5.7 
 
 Net increase in price 
 
 52.4 

Net increase in retail revenues 
 
 2.9 

(1) 
 Block rate variances are primarily attributable to our declining block rate structure, which generally provides for residential and commercial customers to be charged a higher per kWh rate at lower consumption levels. Therefore, as volumes decrease, the weighted average price per kWh increases and vice versa. 
 (2) 
 The decreases in environmental and DSM program rate adjustment mechanism revenues are offset by decreases in operating expenses. 

38 

Wholesale Revenues 
 
 The increase in wholesale revenues of 29.7 million was primarily due to a 46.2 million increase in the quantity of kWh sold primarily due to increased generation capacity as a result of the commencement of commercial operations of the newly constructed CCGT plant at Eagle Valley in April 2018 as well as increased unit availability as a result of outages, partially offset by a 16.5 million decrease in the weighted average price per kWh sold. We sold 2,718.4 million kWh in the wholesale market during 2019 compared to 1,241.4 million kWh during 2018. Our ability to be dispatched in the MISO market is primarily driven by the locational marginal price of electricity and variable generation costs. The amount of electricity available for wholesale sales is impacted by our retail load requirements, generation capacity and unit availability. For the comparable period in 2018, 50 of IPL's annual wholesale margins above (or below) an established benchmark of 6.3 million were passed back (or charged) to 
 customer rates through the Off System Sales Margin rider (in accordance with the 2016 Base Rate Order). Effective December 5, 2018, with the implementation of the 2018 Base Rate Order, 100 of annual wholesale margins earned above (or below) a benchmark of 16.3 million are passed back (or charged) to customer rates through the Off System Sales Margin rider. 
 
 Operating Costs and Expenses 
 
 The following table illustrates our changes in Operating costs and expenses from 2018 to 2019 (in thousands): 
 
 Years Ended 

December 31, 

2019 
 2018 
 Change 
 Change 
 Operating costs and expenses: 

Fuel 
 
 340,466 

331,701 

8,765 
 
 2.6 
 
 Power purchased 
 133,674 
 
 164,542 
 
 (30,868) 
 (18.8) 
 Operation and maintenance 
 428,201 
 
 431,620 
 
 (3,419) 
 (0.8) 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 240,314 
 
 232,332 
 
 7,982 
 
 3.4 
 
 Taxes other than income taxes 
 42,236 
 
 53,952 
 
 (11,716) 
 (21.7) 
 Total operating costs and expenses 
 
 1,184,891 

1,214,147 

(29,256) 
 (2.4) 

Fuel 
 
 The increase in fuel costs of 8.8 million was primarily due to (i) a 34.0 million increase in the quantity of fuel consumed versus the comparable period and (ii) a 15.7 million increase from deferred fuel costs, partially offset by (iii) a 30.5 million decrease due to the lower price of natural gas consumed versus the comparable period and (iv) a 11.4 million decrease due to the lower price of coal consumed versus the comparable period. We are generally permitted to recover underestimated fuel and purchased power costs to serve our retail customers in future rates through quarterly FAC proceedings. These variances are deferred when incurred and amortized into expense in the same period that our rates are adjusted to reflect these variances. Additionally, fuel and purchased power costs incurred for wholesale energy sales are considered in the Off System Sales Margin rider discussed above. As a result of the 100 sharing that began December 5, 2018, fluctuations in such costs will not have an impact on our earnings from operations before income taxes. 
 
 Power Purchased 
 
 The decrease in purchased power costs of 30.9 million was primarily due to (i) a 42 decrease in the volume of power purchased during the period 55.5 million) and (ii) capacity expense (including deferrals) declining by 3.6 million versus the prior period primarily due to the CCGT plant at Eagle Valley commencing commercial operations in April 2018 (as discussed above), partially offset by (iii) a 28.3 million increase in the market price of purchased power. The volume of power purchased each period is primarily influenced by retail demand, generating unit capacity and outages, and the relative cost of producing power versus purchasing power in the market. The primary driver for the 55.5 million volume decrease was lower demand and the commencement of commercial operations of the CCGT plant at Eagle Valley in April 2018, as well as the timing and duration of outages during these respective periods. The market price of purchased power is influenced primarily by changes in the market price of 
 
 39 

delivered fuel (primarily natural gas), the supply of and demand for electricity, and the time of day during which power is purchased. 
 
 Operation and Maintenance 
 
 The decrease in Operation and maintenance expense of 3.4 million was primarily due to the following: 

lower DSM program costs of 15.7 million (these program costs are recoverable through customer rates and are offset by a decrease in DSM revenues); and 
 
 decrease in deferred environmental project expenses of 15.6 million due to differences between the amount of recoverable expenses incurred in the period and the inclusion of such expenses in billing rates through IPL's environmental rider (these project expenses are recoverable through customer rates and are offset by a decrease in environmental revenues). 
 
 These were partially offset by: 

increased maintenance expenses of 18.2 million primarily due to increased distribution line clearance costs, including vegetation management; and 
 
 a 6.2 million write-off of materials and supplies inventory recorded in December 2019 (for further discussion, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters - IRP Filing ). 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 The increase in Depreciation and amortization expense of 8.0 million was mostly attributed to the impact of additional assets placed in service (primarily the newly constructed CCGT plant at Eagle Valley) and no longer deferring depreciation expense on the Eagle Valley CCGT (in accordance with the 2018 Base Rate Order). 
 
 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes 
 
 The decrease in Taxes other than income taxes of 11.7 million was mostly attributed to lower property taxes of 10.0 million primarily as a result of lower assessed values and a favorable adjustment related to 2018 property taxes recorded in 2019. 
 
 Other Income / (Expense), Net 
 
 The following table illustrates our changes in Other income / (expense), net from 2018 to 2019 (in thousands): 
 
 Years Ended 

December 31, 

2019 
 2018 
 Change 
 Change 
 Other income/(expense), net 

Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 
 3,486 

8,477 

(4,991) 
 (58.9) 
 Interest expense 
 (121,771) 
 (95,509) 
 (26,262) 
 27.5 
 
 Other income / (expense), net 
 (10,546) 
 (1,852) 
 (8,694) 
 469.4 
 
 Total other income/(expense), net 
 
 (128,831) 
 
 (88,884) 
 
 (39,947) 
 44.9 

Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction 
 
 The decrease in Allowance for equity funds used during construction of 5.0 million was primarily due to a lower average construction work in progress balance compared to the comparable period (due to the commencement of commercial operations at the Eagle Valley CCGT in April 2018). 

40 

Interest Expense 
 
 The increase in Interest expense of 26.3 million was primarily due to a 23.1 million decrease in the allowance for borrowed funds used during construction, which IPL earned in the prior period on the Eagle Valley CCGT until the 2018 Base Rate Order was approved in December 2018, and higher interest expense on long-term debt of 2.8 million. 
 
 Other Income/(Expense), Net 
 
 The decrease in Other income/(expense), net of 8.7 million was primarily due to an increase in defined benefit plan costs of 11.5 million due to a lower expected return on plan assets in 2019 compared to 2018. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 The following table illustrates our changes in income tax expense from 2018 to 2019 (in thousands): 
 
 Years Ended 

December 31, 

2019 
 2018 
 Change 
 Change 
 Income tax expense 
 
 35,528 

13,449 

22,079 
 
 164.2 

The increase in income tax expense of 22.1 million was primarily due to (i) tax benefits recorded in 2018 associated with the amortization of the impact of the lower income tax rate resulting from the TCJA on our deferred tax balances and (ii) higher pretax income versus the comparable period. 

KEY TRENDS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
 
 During 2020 and beyond, we expect that our financial results will be driven primarily by retail demand, weather, and maintenance costs. In addition, our financial results will likely be driven by many other factors including, but not limited to: 
 
 regulatory outcomes and impacts; 
 
 the passage of new legislation, implementation of regulations or other changes in regulation; and 
 
 timely recovery of capital expenditures. 
 
 If favorable outcomes related to these factors do not occur, or if the challenges described below and elsewhere in this report impact us more significantly than we currently anticipate, then these adverse factors, or other adverse factors unknown to us, may impact our operating margin, net income and cash flows. We continue to monitor our operations and address challenges as they arise. For a discussion of the risks related to our business, see Item 1. Business and Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 
 Operational 
 We plan to retire approximately 630 MW of coal-fired generation at Petersburg Units 1 and 2 by 2023 (for further discussion, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters - IRP Filing to the Financial Statements of this Form 10-K). 
 Regulatory Environment 
 For a discussion of the regulatory environment related to our business, including adjustments to fuel cost recovery that may be required by IPL's FAC if jurisdictional net operating income is higher than authorized, see Item 1. Business Regulation and Note 2, Regulatory Matters to the Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Macroeconomic and Political 
 
 Federal Taxes In December 2017, the U.S. federal government enacted the TCJA. The legislation significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax system by, among other things, lowering corporate income tax rates and introducing new limitations on interest expense deductions beginning in 2018. These changes impacted our 2018 and 2019 effective tax rates and will materially impact our effective tax rate in future periods. Our interpretation of 
 
 41 

the TCJA may change as the U.S. Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service issue additional guidance. Such changes may be material. 
 
 State Taxes The state of Indiana has largely conformed to the TCJA. 
 
 Reference Rate Reform 
 
 In July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. In the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rate Committee at the Federal Reserve identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR; alternative reference rates in other key markets are under development. While IPALCO maintains financial instruments referencing LIBOR as an interest rate benchmark, we have not yet executed any technical amendments or other contractual alternatives to address this matter. Although the full impact of the reform remains unknown, we have begun to engage with IPALCO and IPL counterparties to discuss specific action items to be undertaken in order to prepare for amendments when such contracts become due. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
 As of December 31, 2019 , we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 48.2 million and available borrowing capacity of 250 million under our unsecured revolving Credit Agreement. All of IPL s long-term borrowings must first be approved by the IURC and the aggregate amount of IPL s short-term indebtedness must be approved by the FERC. We have approval from the FERC to borrow up to 500 million of short-term indebtedness outstanding at any time through July 26, 2020. In December 2018, we received an order from the IURC granting us authority through December 31, 2021 to, among other things, issue up to 350 million in aggregate principal amount of long-term debt and refinance up to 185 million in existing indebtedness, all of which authority remains available under the order as of December 31, 2019 . This order also grants us authority to have up to 500 million of long-term credit agreements and liquidity facilities outstanding at any one time, of which 250 million remains available under the order as of December 31, 2019 . As an alternative to the sale of all or a portion of 65 million in principal of the long-term debt, we have the authority to issue up to 65 million of new preferred stock, all of which authority remains available under the order as of December 31, 2019 . We also have restrictions on the amount of new debt that may be issued due to contractual obligations of AES and by financial covenant restrictions under our existing debt obligations. We do not believe such restrictions will be a limiting factor in our ability to issue debt in the ordinary course of prudent business operations. 
 
 We believe that existing cash balances, cash generated from operating activities and borrowing capacity on our committed Credit Agreement will be adequate for the foreseeable future to meet anticipated operating expenses, interest expense on outstanding indebtedness, recurring capital expenditures and to pay dividends to AES U.S. Investments and CDPQ. Sources for principal payments on outstanding indebtedness and nonrecurring capital expenditures are expected to be obtained from: (i) existing cash balances; (ii) cash generated from operating activities; (iii) borrowing capacity on our committed Credit Agreement; (iv) additional debt financing; and (v) equity capital contributions. From time to time, we may elect to repurchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise when management believes such repurchases are favorable to make. The amounts involved in any such repurchases may be material. 
 
 IPL Unsecured Notes 
 
 IPL has 90 million of unsecured notes due December 22, 2020. For further discussion, please see Note 7, Debt - IPL Unsecured Notes. 
 
 IPALCO s Senior Secured Notes and Term Loan 
 
 IPALCO has 405 million of 3.45 Senior Secured Notes due July 15, 2020 and a 65 million Term Loan due July 1, 2020. For further discussion, please see Note 7, Debt - IPALCO's Senior Secured Notes and Term Loan. 

42 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table provides a summary of our cash flows: 

Years ended December 31, 
 
 Change 

2019 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2019 vs. 2018 

(in thousands) 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

397,815 

381,012 

285,260 

16,803 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 (237,448) 
 
 (253,952) 
 
 (236,432) 
 
 16,504 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 (145,414) 
 
 (124,142) 
 
 (53,100) 
 
 (21,272) 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 14,953 

2,918 

(4,272) 
 
 12,035 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 
 
 33,599 

30,681 

34,953 

2,918 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

48,552 

33,599 

30,681 

14,953 

2019 versus 2018 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 The following table summarizes the key components of our consolidated operating cash flows: 

Years ended December 31, 
 
 Change 

2019 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 
 2019 vs. 2018 

(in thousands) 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Net income 

132,393 

134,025 

108,793 

(1,632) 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 240,314 

232,332 

208,451 

7,982 
 
 Amortization of debt premium 
 
 4,109 

3,975 

4,202 

134 
 
 Deferred income taxes and investment tax credit adjustments 
 
 15,277 

(15,735) 
 
 (3,506) 
 
 31,012 
 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

8,875 

Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 
 (3,486) 
 
 (8,477) 
 
 (25,798) 
 
 4,991 
 
 Net income, adjusted for non-cash items 
 
 388,607 

346,120 

301,017 

42,487 
 
 Net change in operating assets and liabilities 
 
 9,208 

34,892 

(15,757) 
 
 (25,684) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

397,815 

381,012 

285,260 

16,803 

The net change in operating assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the year ended December 31, 2018 was driven by the following (in thousands): 
 Decrease from short-term and long-term regulatory assets and liabilities primarily due to proceeds IPL received in the prior year pursuant to a settlement agreement and a prior year increase to regulatory liabilities to record the impacts of the TCJA on customer rates. IPL has been passing both of these benefits on to customers in 2019. 

(75,726) 
 Decrease from accrued taxes payable/receivable primarily due to timing of tax sharing payments and lower current income tax expense in 2019. 
 
 (18,878) 
 Increase from pension and other postretirement benefit obligations primarily due to lower employer contributions 
 
 36,154 
 
 Increase from accounts receivable, primarily due to a decrease in Retail revenues at the end of 2019 as compared to the end of 2018 due to mild weather 
 
 16,413 
 
 Increase from inventories, primarily due to less consumption in 2019 
 
 17,226 
 
 Increase from accrued and other current liabilities and prepayments and other current assets primarily due to timing of payments 
 
 8,115 
 
 Other 
 
 (8,988) 
 Net change in operating assets and liabilities 

(25,684) 

43 

Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased 16.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the year ended December 31, 2018, which was primarily driven by (in thousands): 
 Lower cash outflows for capital expenditures due to decreased growth and environmental related capital expenditures, partially offset by higher maintenance related capital expenditures 

10,716 
 
 Lower cash outflows on cost of removal and regulatory recoverable ARO payments due to timing of such payments 
 
 7,705 
 
 Other 
 
 (1,917) 
 Net change in investing activities 

16,504 

Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased 21.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to December 31, 2018, which was primarily driven by (in thousands): 
 Decrease from long-term borrowings, net of discount due to the October 2018 issuance of a 65.0 million Term Loan and a November 2018 issuance of 105.0 million first mortgage bonds 

(169,936) 
 Increase from net short-term borrowings due to higher net repayments on IPL's line of credit in 2018 
 
 148,000 
 
 Higher distributions to shareholders 
 
 (6,247) 
 Lower payments for financed capital expenditures 
 
 5,806 
 
 Other 
 
 1,105 
 
 Net change in financing activities 

(21,272) 

Capital Requirements 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our capital expenditure program, including development and permitting costs, for the three-year period from 2020 through 2022 is currently estimated to cost approximately 1.1 billion (excluding environmental compliance), and includes estimates as follows (amounts in millions): 

For the three-year period 

2020 
 2021 
 2022 
 from 2020 through 2022 
 
 Transmission and distribution related additions, improvements and extensions 

208 

277 

307 

792 
 
 (1) 
 Power plant-related projects 
 
 61 
 
 59 
 
 70 
 
 190 

Other miscellaneous equipment 
 
 31 
 
 42 
 
 41 
 
 114 

Total estimated costs of capital expenditure program 

300 

378 

418 

1,096 

(1) Additions, improvements and extensions to transmission and distribution lines, substations, power factor and voltage regulating equipment, distribution transformers and street lighting facilities 

Additionally, IPL plans to spend 18 million on environmental compliance costs for the three-year period 2020 through 2022 (amounts in millions): 

Total Estimated Costs 
 
 Total Costs Expended 
 
 Remaining Costs 

of Project (1) 
 
 Through December 31, 2019 (1) 
 
 of Project 
 
 NAAQS Ozone 

25 

15 

10 

NAAQS SO 2 (2) 

29 

28 

1 

Cooling water intake regulations (3) 

8 

1 

7 

(1) Reflects total costs from project inception. 
 (2) IPL plans to spend a total of 29 million through 2020 for projects underway related to environmental compliance for NAAQS SO 2 . 
 (3) Includes spending for studies related to cooling water intake requirements in section 316(b) of the CWA. 

Please see Item 1. Business - Environmental Matters" for additional details on each of these projects. 

44 

The amounts described in the capital expenditure program above include spending under IPL's TDSIC plan filed with the IURC on July 24, 2019 for eligible transmission, distribution and storage system improvements totaling 1.2 billion from 2020 through 2027. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 As IPALCO is a holding company, substantially all of its cash is generated by the operating activities of its subsidiaries, principally IPL. None of its subsidiaries, including IPL, are obligated under or have guaranteed to make payments with respect to the Term Loan, 2020 IPALCO Notes or the 2024 IPALCO Notes; however, all of IPL s common stock is pledged to secure these debt obligations. Accordingly, IPALCO s ability to make payments on the Term Loan, 2020 IPALCO Notes and the 2024 IPALCO Notes depends on the ability of IPL to generate cash and distribute it to IPALCO. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 We expect our existing sources of liquidity to remain sufficient to meet our anticipated operating needs. Our business is capital intensive, requiring significant resources to fund operating expenses, construction expenditures, scheduled debt maturities and carrying costs, potential margin requirements related to energy hedges, taxes and dividend payments. For 2020 and subsequent years, we expect to satisfy these requirements with a combination of cash from operations, funds from debt financing, and funds from equity capital contributions as our internal liquidity needs and market conditions warrant. We also expect that the borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement will continue to be available to manage working capital requirements during those periods. The absence of adequate liquidity could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Indebtedness 
 
 Significant Debt Transactions 
 
 For further discussion of our significant debt transactions, please see Note 7, Debt to the Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Line of Credit 
 
 IPL entered into an amendment and restatement of its 5-year 250 million revolving credit facility on June 19, 2019 with a syndication of bank lenders, as discussed in Note 7, Debt - Line of Credit to the Financial Statements. This Credit Agreement is an unsecured committed line of credit to be used: (i) to finance capital expenditures; (ii) to refinance certain existing indebtedness, (iii) to support working capital; and (iv) for general corporate purposes. 
 
 We had the following amounts available under the revolving Credit Agreement: 
 in millions 
 
 Type 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Commitment 
 
 Amounts available at December 31, 2019 
 IPL 
 
 Revolving 
 
 June 2024 

250.0 

250.0 

Credit Ratings 
 
 Our ability to borrow money or to refinance existing indebtedness and the interest rates at which we can borrow money or refinance existing indebtedness are affected by our credit ratings. In addition, the applicable interest rates on IPL s Credit Agreement and other unsecured notes (as well as the amount of certain other fees in the Credit Agreement) are dependent upon the credit ratings of IPL. Downgrades in the credit ratings of AES could result in IPL s and/or IPALCO s credit ratings being downgraded. Any reduction in our debt or credit ratings may adversely affect the trading price of our outstanding debt securities. 

45 

The following table presents the debt ratings and credit ratings (issuer/corporate rating) and outlook for IPALCO and IPL, along with the dates each rating was effective or affirmed. 
 Debt ratings 
 
 IPALCO 
 
 IPL 
 
 Outlook 
 
 Effective or Affirmed 
 Fitch Ratings 
 
 BBB (a) 
 
 A (b) 
 
 Stable 
 
 November 2019 
 Moody's Investors Service 
 
 Baa3 (a) 
 
 A2 (b) 
 
 Stable 
 
 November 2018 
 S P Global Ratings 
 
 BBB- (a) 
 
 A- (b) 
 
 Stable 
 
 November 2019 

Credit ratings 
 
 IPALCO 
 
 IPL 
 
 Outlook 
 
 Effective or Affirmed 
 Fitch Ratings 
 
 BBB- 
 
 BBB+ 
 
 Stable 
 
 November 2019 
 Moody's Investors Service 

Baa1 
 
 Stable 
 
 November 2018 
 S P Global Ratings 
 
 BBB 
 
 BBB 
 
 Stable 
 
 November 2019 

(a) 
 Ratings relate to IPALCO's Senior Secured Notes. 
 (b) 
 Ratings relate to IPL's Senior Secured Bonds. 
 
 We cannot predict whether our current debt and credit ratings or the debt and credit ratings of IPL will remain in effect for any given period of time or that one or more of these ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Such ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 
 Contractual Cash Obligations 
 
 Our non-contingent contractual obligations as of December 31, 2019 are set forth below: 

Payment due 

Total 
 
 Less Than 1 Year 
 
 1 3 
 Years 
 
 3 5 
 Years 
 
 More Than 
 5 Years 

(In Millions) 
 Long-term debt 

2,678.8 

560.0 

95.0 

445.0 

1,578.8 
 
 Interest obligations 
 
 1,848.3 

109.4 

193.0 

186.0 

1,359.9 
 
 Purchase obligations 

Coal, gas, purchased power and 

related transportation 
 
 1,435.3 

249.4 

343.0 

212.1 

630.8 
 
 Other 
 
 81.4 

52.4 

11.4 

7.0 

10.6 
 
 Total 

6,043.8 

971.2 

642.4 

850.1 

3,580.1 

Long-term debt: 
 
 Our long-term debt at December 31, 2019 consists of IPL first mortgage bonds, IPL unsecured debt and IPALCO long-term debt. These long-term debt amounts include current maturities but exclude unamortized debt discounts and deferred financing costs. See Note 7, " Debt " to the Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Interest obligations: 
 
 Interest payment obligations are associated with the long-term debt described above. The interest payments relating to variable-rate debt are projected using the interest rates in effect at December 31, 2019. 
 
 Purchase obligations: 
 
 Electricity purchase commitments : 
 
 IPL enters into long-term contracts for the purchase of electricity. In general, these contracts are subject to variable quantities or prices and are terminable only in limited circumstances. 

46 

Purchase orders and other contractual obligations: 
 
 At December 31, 2019, we had various other contractual obligations including contracts to purchase goods and services with various terms and expiration dates. Due to uncertainty regarding the timing and payment of future obligations to the Service Company, and our ability to terminate such obligations upon 90 days' notice, we have excluded such amounts in the contractual obligations table above. This table also does not include (i) regulatory liabilities (see Note 2, " Regulatory Matters "), (ii) derivatives and incentive compensation (see Note 5, " Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities "), (iii) taxes (see Note 8, " Income Taxes "), (iv) pension and other postretirement employee benefit liabilities (see Note 9, " Benefit Plans ") and (v) contingencies (see Note 10, " Commitments and Contingencies "). See the indicated notes to the Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information on the items excluded. 
 
 Reserve for uncertain tax positions: 
 
 Due to the uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows associated with our unrecognized tax benefits of 7.1 million at December 31, 2019, we are unable to make a reliable estimate of the periods of cash settlement with the respective tax authorities and have not included such amounts in the contractual obligations table above. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. As such, we are required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are reasonable based upon the information available. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period presented. Therefore, the possibility exists for materially different reported amounts under different conditions or assumptions. Significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are described in Note 1 , Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Financial Statements. This section addresses only those accounting policies involving amounts material to our financial statements that require the most estimation, judgment or assumptions and should be read in conjunction with Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Revenues related to the sale of energy are generally recognized when service is rendered or energy is delivered to customers. However, the determination of the energy sales to individual customers is based on the reading of their meters, which occurs on a systematic basis throughout the month. At the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated and the corresponding unbilled revenue is accrued. In making our estimates of unbilled revenue, we use complex models that consider various factors including daily generation volumes; known amounts of energy usage by nearly all residential, small commercial and industrial customers; estimated line losses; and estimated customer rates based on prior period billings. Given the use of these models, and that customers are billed on a monthly cycle, we believe it is unlikely that materially different results will occur in future periods when revenue is billed. The effect on 2019 revenues and ending unbilled revenues of a one percentage point change in estimated line losses for the month of December 2019 is immaterial. An allowance for potential credit losses is maintained and amounts are written off when normal collection efforts have been exhausted. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We are subject to federal and state income taxes. Our income tax provision requires significant judgment and is based on calculations and assumptions that are subject to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the potential outcome of tax examinations when determining the adequacy of our income tax provisions by considering the technical merits of the filing position, case law, and results of previous tax examinations. Accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and measurement requirements for financial statement reporting of our income tax positions. Tax reserves have been established, which we believe to be adequate in relation to the potential for additional assessments. Once established, reserves are adjusted only when there is more information available or when an event occurs necessitating a change to the reserves. While we believe that the amount of the tax reserves is reasonable, it is possible that the ultimate outcome of current or future examinations may be materially different than the reserve amounts. 
 
 47 

Regulation 
 
 As a regulated utility, we apply the provisions of ASC 980 Regulated Operations, which gives recognition to the ratemaking and accounting practices of the IURC and the FERC. Regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in customer rates. Regulatory liabilities generally represent obligations to make refunds or future rate reductions to customers for previous overcollections or the deferral of revenues collected for costs that IPL expects to incur in the future. Specific regulatory assets and liabilities are disclosed in Note 2, Regulatory Matters - Regulatory Assets and Liabilities to the Financial Statements. 
 
 The deferral of costs (as regulatory assets) is appropriate only when the future recovery of such costs is probable. In assessing probability, we consider such factors as specific orders from the IURC, regulatory precedent and the current regulatory environment. To the extent recovery of costs is no longer deemed probable, related regulatory assets would be required to be expensed in current period earnings. Our regulatory assets and liabilities have been created pursuant to specific orders of the IURC or established regulatory practices, such as other utilities under the jurisdiction of the IURC being granted recovery of similar costs. It is probable, but not certain, that these regulatory assets will be recoverable, subject to IURC approval. 
 
 AROs 
 
 In accordance with the provisions of GAAP relating to the accounting for AROs, legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets are required to be recognized at their fair value at the time those obligations are incurred. Upon initial recognition of a legal liability, costs are capitalized as part of the related long-lived asset and allocated to expense over the useful life of the asset. These GAAP provisions also require that components of previously recorded depreciation related to the cost of removal of assets upon future retirement, whether legal AROs or not, must be removed from a company s accumulated depreciation reserve and be reclassified as a regulatory liability. We make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses as they relate to AROs. These assumptions and estimates are based on historical experience and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable at the time. See Note 3, " Property, Plant and Equipment - ARO " to the Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 Pension Costs 
 
 We account for and disclose pension and postemployment benefits in accordance with the provisions of GAAP relating to the accounting for pension and other postemployment plans. These GAAP provisions require the use of assumptions, such as the discount rate for liabilities and long-term rate of return on assets, in determining the obligations, annual cost and funding requirements of the plans. 
 Contingencies 
 We accrue for loss contingencies when the amount of the loss is probable and estimable. We are subject to various environmental regulations and are involved in certain legal proceedings. If our actual environmental and/or legal obligations are different from our estimates, the recognition of the actual amounts may have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows; although that has not been the case during the periods covered by this report. Please see Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies to the Financial Statements for information about significant contingencies involving us. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 
 Please see Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Financial Statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements and the potential impact to our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 48 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Overview 
 
 The primary market risks to which we are exposed are those associated with environmental regulation, debt and equity investments, fluctuations in interest rates and the prices of SO 2 allowances and certain raw materials. We sometimes use financial instruments and other contracts to hedge against such fluctuations, including, on a limited basis, financial and commodity derivatives. We generally do not enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Our U.S. Risk Management Committee (U.S. RMC), comprised of members of senior management, is responsible for establishing risk management policies and the monitoring and reporting of risk exposures related to our operations. The U.S. RMC meets on a regular basis with the objective of identifying, assessing and quantifying material risk issues and developing strategies to manage these risks. 
 
 Wholesale Sales 
 
 We engage in wholesale power marketing activities that primarily involve the offering of utility-owned or contracted generation into the MISO day-ahead and real-time markets. Our ability to compete effectively in the wholesale market is dependent on a variety of factors, including our generating availability, the supply of wholesale power, the demand by load-serving entities, and the formation of IPL s offers into the market. Our wholesale revenues are generated primarily from sales directly to the MISO energy market. The average price per MWh we sold in the wholesale market was 25.19, 31.26 and 31.99 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. For the periods presented in the Financial Statements of this Form 10-K, a decline in wholesale prices could have had a negative impact on earnings, because most of our non-fuel costs are fixed in the short term and lower wholesale prices can result in lower wholesale volumes sold. However, after the implementation of the 2018 Base Rate Order in December 2018, the impact is limited as the order provides that annual wholesale margins earned above (or below) a benchmark of 16.3 million shall be passed back (or charged) to customer rates through a rate adjustment mechanism. Our wholesale revenues represented 2.2 of our total electric revenues over the past five years. As a result, we anticipate that a 10 change in the market price for wholesale electricity would not have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Fuel 
 
 We have limited exposure to commodity price risk for the purchase of coal and natural gas, the primary fuels used by us for the production of electricity. We manage this risk for coal by providing for all of our current projected burn through 2020 and approximately 57 of our current projected burn for the three-year period ending December 31, 2022, under long-term contracts. In addition, IPL has established physical natural gas hedges for approximately 50 of the expected consumption at Eagle Valley during the 2020 winter period. Pricing provisions in some of our long-term contracts allow for price changes under certain circumstances. Fuel purchases made in 2020 have been and are expected to continue to be made at prices that are slightly lower than our weighted average price in 2019. Our exposure to fluctuations in the price of fuel is limited because pursuant to Indiana law, we may apply to the IURC for a change in our fuel charge every three months to recover our estimated fuel costs, which may be above or below the levels included in our basic rates. We must present evidence in each FAC proceeding that we have made every reasonable effort to acquire fuel and generate or purchase power or both so as to provide electricity to our retail customers at the lowest fuel cost reasonably possible. 
 
 Power Purchased 
 
 We depend on purchased power, in part, to meet our retail load obligations. As a result, we also have limited exposure to commodity price risk for the purchase of electric energy for our retail customers. Purchased power costs can be highly volatile. We are generally allowed to recover, through our FAC, the energy portion of purchased power costs incurred to meet jurisdictional retail load. In certain circumstances, we may not be allowed to recover a portion of purchased power costs incurred to meet our jurisdictional retail load. See Note 2, Regulatory Matters - FAC and Authorized Annual Jurisdictional Net Operating Income to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Equity Market Risk 
 
 Our Pension Plans are impacted significantly by the economy as a result of the Pension Plans being invested in common equity securities. The performance of the Pension Plans investments in such common equity securities and other instruments impacts our earnings as well as our funding liability. A hypothetical 10 decrease in prices 
 
 49 

quoted by stock exchanges would result in a 21.4 million reduction in fair value as of December 31, 2019 and approximately a 7.4 million increase to the 2020 pension expense. Please see Note 9, Benefit Plans to the Financial Statements for additional Pension Plan information. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We use long-term debt as a significant source of capital in our business, which exposes us to interest rate risk. We do not enter into market risk sensitive instruments for trading purposes. We manage our exposure to interest rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt and by refinancing existing long-term debt at times when it is deemed economic and prudent. In addition, IPL s Credit Agreement and IPALCO's Term Loan bear interest at variable rates based either on the Prime interest rate or on the LIBOR. IPL s Series 2015A and Series 2015B notes bear interest at variable rates based on the LIBOR. Fair values relating to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market rates of interest, primarily the LIBOR. At December 31, 2019, we had approximately 2,523.8 million principal amount of fixed rate debt and 155.0 million principal amount of variable rate debt outstanding. In regard to our fixed rate debt, the interest rate risk with respect to long-term debt primarily relates to the potential impact a decrease in interest rates has on the fair value of our fixed-rate debt and not on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Variable rate debt at December 31, 2019 was comprised of 90.0 million under IPL's Series 2015A and Series 2015B notes and 65.0 million under IPALCO's Term Loan. Based on amounts outstanding as of December 31, 2019, the effect of a 25 basis point change in the applicable rates on our variable-rate debt would change our annual interest expense and cash paid for interest by 0.4 million and (0.4 million), respectively. 
 
 The following table shows our consolidated indebtedness (in millions) by maturity as of December 31, 2019: 

2020 
 
 2021 
 
 2022 
 
 2023 
 
 2024 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 Total 
 
 Fair Value 
 Fixed-rate 

405.0 

95.0 

445.0 

1,578.8 

2,523.8 

2,876.1 
 
 Variable-rate 
 
 155.0 

155.0 

155.0 
 
 Total Indebtedness 

560.0 

95.0 

445.0 

1,578.8 

2,678.8 

3,031.1 
 
 Weighted Average Interest Rates by Maturity 
 
 3.144 
 
 3.875 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 3.648 
 
 5.016 
 
 4.357 

For further discussion of our fair value of our indebtedness and book value of our indebtedness please see Note 4, Fair Value and Note 7, Debt to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Retail Energy Market 
 
 The legislatures of several states have enacted laws that allow various forms of competition or that experiment with allowing some form of customer choice of electricity suppliers for retail sales of electric energy. Indiana has not done so. In Indiana, competition among electric energy providers for sales has focused primarily on the sale of bulk power to other public and municipal utilities. Indiana law provides for electricity suppliers to have exclusive retail service areas. In order to increase sales, we work to attract new customers into our service territory. Although the retail sales of electric energy are regulated, we face competition from other energy sources. For example, customers have a choice of installing electric or natural gas home and hot water heating systems or installing qualified generation facilities on their premises. 
 
 Counterparty Credit Risk 
 
 At times, we may utilize forward purchase contracts to manage the risk associated with power purchases and could be exposed to counterparty credit risk in these contracts. We manage this exposure to counterparty credit risk by entering into contracts with companies that are expected to fully perform under the terms of the contract. Individual credit limits are generally implemented for each counterparty to further mitigate credit risk. We may also require a counterparty to provide collateral in the event certain financial benchmarks are not maintained, or certain credit ratings are not maintained. 

50 

We are also exposed to counterparty credit risk related to our ability to collect electricity sales from our customers, which may be impacted by volatility in the financial markets and the economy. Historically, our write-offs of customer accounts have been immaterial, which is common for the electric utility industry. 
 
 51 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page No. 
 IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 55 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders Equity and Noncontrolling Interest 
 
 for the Years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 58 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 

Indianapolis Power Light Company and Subsidiary Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 95 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 96 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 97 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 98 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder s Equity for the Years Ended 
 
 December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 99 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 100 

52 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , the related consolidated statements of operations, common shareholders equity and noncontrolling interest, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019 , and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2019 and 2018 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 
 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 February 27, 2020 

53 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 (In Thousands) 

2019 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 REVENUES 

OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES: 

Fuel 

Power purchased 

Operation and maintenance 

Depreciation and amortization 

Taxes other than income taxes 

Total operating expenses 

OPERATING INCOME 

OTHER INCOME / (EXPENSE), NET: 

Allowance for equity funds used during construction 

Interest expense 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

() 
 Other income / (expense), net 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total other income / (expense), net 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

EARNINGS FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAX 

Less: income tax expense 

NET INCOME 

Less: dividends on preferred stock 

NET INCOME APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCK 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

54 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 (In Thousands) 
 
 2019 
 2018 
 2017 

Net income applicable to common stock 

Derivative activity: 

Change in derivative fair value, net of income tax benefit of 6,810, 0 and 0, for each respective period 
 () 

Net change in fair value of derivatives 
 () 

Other comprehensive loss 
 () 

Net comprehensive income 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

55 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In Thousands) 

December 31, 2019 
 
 December 31, 2018 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Regulatory assets, current 

Taxes receivable 

Prepayments and other current assets 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Construction work in progress 

Total net property, plant and equipment 

OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Intangible assets - net 

Regulatory assets, non-current 

Other non-current assets 

Total other non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Short-term and current portion of long-term debt (Note 7) 

Accounts payable 

Accrued taxes 

Accrued interest 

Customer deposits 

Regulatory liabilities, current 

Accrued and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Long-term debt (Note 7) 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

Taxes payable 

Regulatory liabilities, non-current 

Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits 

Asset retirement obligations 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 10) 

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY: 

Paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 () 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Total common shareholders' equity 

Preferred stock of subsidiary 

Total shareholders' equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 56 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 (In Thousands) 

2019 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt premium 

Deferred income taxes and investment tax credit adjustments - net 

() 
 
 () 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Change in certain assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 
 
 () 
 Inventories 

() 
 
 () 
 Accounts payable 

() 
 Accrued and other current liabilities 

() 

Accrued taxes payable/receivable 
 
 () 

() 
 Accrued interest 

Pension and other postretirement benefit expenses 

() 
 
 () 
 Short-term and long-term regulatory assets and liabilities 

Prepayments and other current assets 
 
 () 

() 
 Other - net 
 
 () 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Capital expenditures 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Project development costs 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Cost of removal and regulatory recoverable ARO payments 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Other 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Short-term debt borrowings 

Short-term debt repayments 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Long-term borrowings, net of discount 

Retirement of long-term debt, including early payment premium 

() 
 Distributions to shareholders 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Preferred dividends of subsidiary 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Deferred financing costs paid 

() 
 
 () 
 Payments for financed capital expenditures 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Other 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest (net of amount capitalized) 

Income taxes 

Non-cash investing activities: 

Accruals for capital expenditures 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 57 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders' Equity 
 and Noncontrolling Interest 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 (In Thousands) 

Paid in 
 Capital 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 
 Total Common Shareholders' Equity 
 
 Cumulative Preferred Stock of Subsidiary 
 Balance at January 1, 2017 

() 

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends 

() 
 Distributions to shareholders 

() 
 
 () 

Other 

Balance at December 31, 2017 

() 

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends 

() 
 Distributions to shareholders 

() 
 
 () 

Other 

Balance at December 31, 2018 

() 

Net comprehensive income 

() 

Preferred stock dividends 

() 
 Distributions to shareholders (1) 
 
 () 

() 
 
 () 

Other 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

1) IPALCO made return of capital payments of 7.2 million in 2019 for the portion of current year distributions to shareholders in excess of current year net income. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

58 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

1.) and CDPQ ). AES U.S. Investments is owned by AES U.S. Holdings, LLC and CDPQ ). IPALCO owns all of the outstanding common stock of IPL. Substantially all of IPALCO s business consists of generating, transmitting, distributing and selling of electric energy conducted through its principal subsidiary, IPL. IPL was incorporated under the laws of the state of Indiana in 1926. IPL has more than retail customers in the city of Indianapolis and neighboring cities, towns and communities, and adjacent rural areas all within the state of Indiana, with the most distant point being approximately miles from Indianapolis. IPL has an exclusive right to provide electric service to those customers. IPL owns and operates generating stations all within the state of Indiana. Our largest generating station, Petersburg, is coal-fired. The second largest station, Harding Street, uses natural gas and fuel oil to power combustion turbines. In addition, IPL operates a MW battery energy storage unit at this location, which provides frequency response. The third station, Eagle Valley, is a CCGT natural gas plant. IPL took operational control and commenced commercial operations of this CCGT plant in April 2018. The fourth station, Georgetown, is a small peaking station that uses natural gas to power combustion turbines. As of December 31, 2019, IPL s net electric generation capacity for winter is MW and net summer capacity is MW. 
 
 IPALCO s other direct subsidiary is Mid-America. Mid-America is the holding company for IPALCO s unregulated activities, which have not been material to the financial statements in the periods covered by this report. IPALCO s regulated business is conducted through IPL. IPALCO has business segments: utility and nonutility. The utility segment consists of the operations of IPL and everything else is included in the nonutility segment. 

59 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. 
 
 IPL s basic rates include a provision for fuel costs as established in IPL s most recent rate proceeding, which last adjusted IPL s rates in December 2018. IPL is permitted to recover actual costs of purchased power and fuel consumed, subject to certain restrictions. This is accomplished through quarterly FAC proceedings, in which IPL estimates the amount of fuel and purchased power costs in future periods. Through these proceedings, IPL is also permitted to recover, in future rates, underestimated fuel and purchased power costs from prior periods, subject to certain restrictions, and therefore the over or underestimated costs are deferred or accrued and amortized into fuel expense in the same period that IPL s rates are adjusted. See also Note 2, Regulatory Matters for a discussion of other costs that IPL is permitted to recover through periodic rate adjustment proceedings and the status of current rate adjustment proceedings. 
 
 In addition, we are one of many transmission system owner members of MISO, a regional transmission organization which maintains functional control over the combined transmission systems of its members and manages one of the largest energy markets in the U.S. See Note 13, " Revenue " for additional information of MISO sales and other revenue streams. 

60 

Unbilled revenue 

Amounts due from related parties 

Other 

Provision for uncollectible accounts 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Total accounts receivable, net 

Materials and supplies 

Total inventories 

Property, Plant and Equipment 
 , , and during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. Depreciation expense was million , million , and million for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. "Depreciation and amortization" expense on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations is presented net of regulatory deferrals of depreciation expense and also includes amortization of intangible assets and amortization of previously deferred regulatory costs. 
 
 , and during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 
 
 billion as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 . We do not believe any of these assets are currently impaired. In making this assessment, we consider such factors as: the overall condition and generating and distribution capacity of the assets; the expected ability to recover additional 
 
 61 

million and million and its corresponding accumulated amortization of million and million , as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. Amortization expense was million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. The estimated amortization expense of this capitalized software is approximately million over the next 5 years million in 2020, million in 2021, million in 2022, million in 2023 and million 
 
 million and million , respectively, which were included in Accrued and Other Current Liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 of IPL s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements in two bargaining units: a physical unit and a clerical-technical unit. IPL s contract with the physical unit expires on , and the contract with the clerical-technical unit expires . Additionally, IPL has long-term coal contracts with suppliers, with about of our existing coal under contract for the three-year period ending December 31, 2022 coming from one supplier. Substantially all of the coal is currently mined in the state of Indiana. 

62 

Other comprehensive loss 
 
 () 
 Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

See Note 2, " Regulatory Matters " for additional information. 
 
 IPALCO and its subsidiaries file U.S. federal income tax returns as part of the consolidated U.S. income tax return filed by AES. The consolidated tax liability is allocated to each subsidiary based on the separate return method which is specified in our tax allocation agreement and which provides a consistent, systematic and rational approach. See Note 8, " Income Taxes " for additional information. 
 
 Repair and Maintenance Costs 
 
 Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 

63 

64 

New Accounting Pronouncements Issued But Not Yet Effective 
 
 The following table provides a brief description of recent accounting pronouncements that could have a material impact on the Company s Financial Statements once adopted. Accounting pronouncements not listed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have no material impact on the Company s Financial Statements. 
 New Accounting Standards Issued But Not Yet Effective 
 ASU Number and Name 
 Description 
 Date of Adoption 
 Effect on the Financial Statements upon adoption 
 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting For Income Taxes 
 The standard removes certain exceptions for recognizing deferred taxes for investments, performing intra-period allocation and calculating income taxes in interim periods. It also adds guidance to reduce complexity in certain areas, including recognizing deferred taxes for tax goodwill and allocating taxes to members of a consolidated group. 
 
 Transition Method: various 
 January 1, 2021. Early adoption is permitted. 
 The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on the Financial Statements. 
 2016-13, 2018-19, 2019-04, 2019-05, 2019-10, 2019-11, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments 
 See discussion of the ASU below. 
 
 January 1, 2020. Early adoption is permitted only as of January 1, 2019. 
 The Company will adopt the standard on January 1, 2020; see below for the evaluation of the impact of the adoption on the standard on the Financial Statements. 

ASU 2016-13 and its subsequent corresponding updates will update the impairment model for financial assets measured at amortized cost, known as the Current Expected Credit Loss ("CECL") model. For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking "expected loss" model that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowance for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, there will be no change to the measurement of credit losses, except that unrealized losses due to credit-related factors will be recognized as an allowance on the balance sheet with a corresponding adjustment to earnings in the income statement. There are various transition methods available upon adoption. 
 
 The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on its Financial Statements; however, it is expected that the new current expected credit loss model will primarily impact the calculation of the Company's expected credit losses on million in gross trade accounts receivable. The Company does not expect a material impact to result from the application of CECL on our trade accounts receivable. 

2. 
 
 65 

million , or , increase to annual revenues (the "2018 Base Rate Order"). The 2018 Base Rate Order includes recovery through rates of the CCGT at Eagle Valley completed in the first half of 2018, as well as other construction projects and changes to operating income since the 2016 Base Rate Order (See below). New basic rates and charges became effective on December 5, 2018. The 2018 Base Rate Order also provides customers approximately million in benefits, which are flowing to customers over the two-year period that began March 2019, via the ECCRA rate adjustment mechanism. This liability, less amounts returned to IPL's customers during 2019, is recorded primarily in " Regulatory liabilities, current " with approximately million in "Regulatory liabilities, non-current" as of December 31, 2019 on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, the 2018 Base Rate Order provides that annual wholesale margins earned above (or below) the benchmark of million shall be passed back (or charged) to customer rates through a rate adjustment mechanism. Similarly, the 2018 Base Rate Order provides that all capacity sales above (or below) a benchmark of million shall be passed back (or charged) to customer rates through a rate adjustment mechanism. The 2018 Base Rate Order also approved changes to IPL's depreciation and amortization rates (including no longer deferring depreciation on the CCGT at Eagle Valley) which altogether represent a net expense increase of approximately million annually. 
 
 In March 2016, the IURC issued the 2016 Base Rate Order authorizing IPL to increase its basic rates and charges by million annually. IPL also received approval to implement three new rate riders for current recovery from customers of ongoing MISO costs and capacity costs , and for sharing with customers of wholesale sales margins above and below the established benchmark of million . 
 
 CCR 
 
 On April 26, 2017, the IURC approved IPL s CCR compliance request to install a bottom ash dewatering system at its Petersburg generating station and to recover of qualifying costs through a rate adjustment mechanism with the remainder recorded as a regulatory asset for recovery in a subsequent rate case. The approved capital cost of the CCR compliance plan was approximately million . IPL s bottom ash dewatering system at its Petersburg generating station went into service in September 2017. 
 
 NAAQS 
 
 On April 26, 2017, the IURC approved IPL s request for NAAQS SO 2 compliance at its Petersburg generation station with of qualifying costs recovered through a rate adjustment mechanism and the remainder recorded 
 
 66 

million . These projects went into service between August 2018 and August 2019. 
 
 Other 
 
 The DOE issued a Notice of Proposed Rule Making on September 29, 2017, which directed the FERC to exercise its authority to set just and reasonable rates that recognize the resiliency value provided by generation plants with certain characteristics, including having 90-days or more of on-site fuel and operating in markets where they do not receive rate base treatment through state ratemaking. Nuclear and coal-fired generation plants would have been most likely to be able to meet the requirements. As proposed, the DOE would value resiliency through rates that recover compensable costs that were defined to include the recovery of operating and fuel expenses, debt service and a fair return on equity. On January 8, 2018, the FERC issued an order terminating this docket stating that it failed to satisfy the legal requirements of Section 206 of the Federal Power Act of 1935. The FERC initiated a new docket to take additional steps to explore resilience issues in RTOs/ISOs. The goal of this new proceeding is to: (1) develop a common understanding among the FERC, State Commissions, RTOs/ISOs, transmission owners, and others as to what resilience of the bulk power system means and requires; (2) understand how each RTO and ISO assesses resilience in its geographic footprint; and (3) use this information to evaluate whether additional action regarding resilience is appropriate at this time. It is not possible to predict the impact of this proceeding on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 FAC and Authorized Annual Jurisdictional Net Operating Income 
 
 IPL may apply to the IURC for a change in IPL s fuel charge every three months to recover IPL s estimated fuel costs, including the energy portion of purchased power costs, which may be above or below the levels included in IPL s basic rates and charges. IPL must present evidence in each FAC proceeding that it has made every reasonable effort to acquire fuel and generate or purchase power or both so as to provide electricity to its retail customers at the lowest fuel cost reasonably possible. 
 
 Independent of the IURC s ability to review basic rates and charges, Indiana law requires electric utilities under the jurisdiction of the IURC to meet operating expense and income test requirements as a condition for approval of requested changes in the FAC. A utility may be unable to recover all of its fuel costs if its rolling twelve-month operating income, determined at quarterly measurement dates, exceeds its authorized annual jurisdictional net operating income and there are not sufficient applicable cumulative net operating income deficiencies Cumulative Deficiencies to offset it. The Cumulative Deficiencies calculation provides that only five years worth of historical earnings deficiencies or surpluses are included, unless it has been greater than five years since the most recent rate case. 
 
 In each of the last three calendar years, IPL has reported earnings in excess of the authorized level for each of the four quarterly reporting periods in those years. IPL was not required to reduce its fuel cost recovery, because of its Cumulative Deficiencies. The historical periods when IPL earned less than the authorized level, which put IPL in a Cumulative Deficiency position, all relate to earnings prior to IPL s 2018 Base Rate Order and therefore each quarter one of those under-earning periods drops out of the Cumulative Deficiency calculation. Consequently, it is likely that IPL s Cumulative Deficiencies will drop to zero in 2020 and IPL may then be required to decrease its fuel factor if it continues to earn above the authorized level. 
 
 ECCRA 
 
 IPL may apply to the IURC for approval of a rate adjustment known as the ECCRA periodically to recover costs (including a return) to comply with certain environmental regulations applicable to IPL s generating stations. The total amount of IPL s equipment approved for ECCRA recovery as of December 31, 2019 was million . The jurisdictional revenue requirement approved by the IURC to be included in IPL s rates for the twelve-month period ending February 2020 was a net credit to customers of million . This amount is significantly lower than prior ECCRA periods as a result of (i) having the vast majority of the ECCRA projects rolled into IPL s basic rates and charges effective December 5, 2018 as a result of the 2018 Base Rate Order and (ii) the approximately million of customer benefits being flowed through the ECCRA as a result of the 2018 Base Rate Order, as described above. The only equipment still remaining in the ECCRA as of December 31, 2019 are certain projects associated with NAAQS compliance. 

67 

million , million and million , respectively. 
 
 On February 7, 2018, the IURC approved a settlement agreement establishing a new three year DSM plan for IPL through 2020. The approval included cost recovery of programs as well as performance incentives, depending on the level of success of the programs. The order also approved recovery of lost revenues, consistent with the provisions of the settlement agreement. 
 
 Wind and Solar Power Purchase Agreements 
 
 We are committed under a power purchase agreement to purchase all wind-generated electricity through 2029 from a wind project in Indiana. We are also committed under another agreement to purchase all wind-generated electricity through 2031 from a project in Minnesota. The Indiana project has a maximum output capacity of approximately MW and the Minnesota project has a maximum output capacity of approximately MW. In addition, we have MW of solar-generated electricity in our service territory under long-term contracts (these long-term contracts have expiration dates ranging from 2021 to 2033), of which MW was in operation as of December 31, 2019 . We have authority from the IURC to recover the costs for all of these agreements through an adjustment mechanism administered within the FAC. If and when IPL sells the renewable energy attributes (in the form of renewable energy credits) generated from these facilities, the proceeds would pass back to benefit IPL s retail customers through the FAC. 
 
 Taxes 
 
 On January 3, 2018, the IURC opened a generic investigation to review and consider the impacts from the TCJA and how any resulting benefits should be realized by customers. The IURC s order opening this investigation directed Indiana utilities to apply regulatory accounting treatment, such as the use of regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities, for all estimated impacts resulting from the TCJA. On February 16, 2018, the IURC issued an order establishing two phases of the investigation. The first phase Phase I directed respondent utilities (including IPL) to make a filing to remove from respondents rates and charges for service, the impact of a lower federal income tax rate. The second phase Phase II was established to address remaining issues from the TCJA, including treatment of deferred taxes and how these benefits will be realized by customers. On August 29, 2018, the IURC approved a settlement agreement filed by IPL and various other parties to resolve the Phase I issues of the TCJA tax expense via a credit through the ECCRA rate adjustment mechanism of million . The 2018 Base Rate Order described above resolved the Phase II and all other issues regarding the TCJA impact on IPL's rates and includes an additional credit of million to be paid by IPL to its customers through the ECCRA rate adjustment mechanism over two years beginning in March 2019. See also Note 8, Income Taxes - U.S. Tax Reform for further information. 
 
 TDSIC Filing 
 
 In 2013, Senate Enrolled Act 560, the Transmission, Distribution, and Storage System Improvement Charge ("TDSIC") statute, was signed into law. The TDSIC statute was revised in 2019. Among other provisions, this legislation provides for cost recovery outside of a base rate proceeding for new or replacement electric and gas transmission, distribution, and storage projects that a public utility undertakes for the purposes of safety, reliability, system modernization, or economic development. Provisions of the TDSIC statute require that, among other things, requests for recovery include a plan of at least five years and not more than seven for eligible investments. Once the plan is approved by the IURC, percent of eligible costs can be recovered using a periodic rate adjustment mechanism. The cost recovery mechanism is referred to as a TDSIC mechanism. Recoverable costs include a return on, and of, the investment, including AFUDC, post-in-service carrying charges, operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation and property taxes. The remaining percent of recoverable costs are to be deferred for future recovery in the public utility s next base rate case. The periodic rate adjustment mechanism is capped at an annual increase of no more than percent of total retail revenues. 

68 

billion from 2020 through 2027. An IURC order is expected in the first quarter of 2020. There will be no revenues and/or cost recovery until approval of the TDSIC rider, which is not expected to occur until later in 2020. 
 
 IRP Filing 
 
 In December 2019, IPL filed its IRP, which describes IPL's Preferred Resource Portfolio for meeting generation capacity needs for serving IPL's retail customers over the next several years. IPL's Preferred Resource Portfolio is IPL's reasonable least cost option and provides a cleaner and more diverse generation mix for customers. IPL's Preferred Resource Portfolio includes the retirement of MW of coal-fired generation by 2023. Based on extensive modeling, IPL has determined that the cost of operating Petersburg Units 1 and 2 exceeds the value customers receive compared to alternative resources. Retirement of these units allows the company to cost-effectively diversify the portfolio and transition to lower cost and cleaner resources while maintaining a reliable system. 
 
 IPL issued an all-source Request for Proposal on December 20, 2019, in order to competitively procure replacement capacity by June 1, 2023, which is the first year IPL is expected to have a capacity shortfall. Current modeling indicates that a combination of wind, solar, storage, and energy efficiency would be the lowest reasonable cost option for the replacement capacity, but IPL will assess the type, size, and location of resources after bids are received. As a result of the decision to retire Petersburg Units 1 and 2, IPL recorded a million obsolescence loss in December 2019 for materials and supplies inventory IPL does not believe will be utilized by the planned retirement dates, which is recorded in " Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance " on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

69 

to years. Tax-related regulatory assets represent the net income tax costs to be considered in future regulatory proceedings generally as the tax-related amounts are paid. 
 
 The amounts of regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities at December 31 are as follows: 

Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Costs being recovered through basic rates and charges 

Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Total current regulatory assets 

Long-term: 

Unrecognized pension and other 

postretirement benefit plan costs 

Various (2) 
 Deferred MISO costs 

Through 2026 (1) 
 Unamortized Petersburg Unit 4 carrying 

charges and certain other costs 

Through 2026 (1)(3) 
 Unamortized reacquisition premium on debt 

Over remaining life of debt 
 Environmental projects 

Through 2046 (1)(3) 
 Other miscellaneous 

Various (4) 
 Total long-term regulatory assets 

Total regulatory assets 

Regulatory Liabilities 

Current: 

Overcollections and other credits being passed 

to customers through rate riders 

Approximately 1 year (1) 
 FTRs 

Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Total current regulatory liabilities 

Long-term: 

ARO and accrued asset removal costs 

Not applicable 
 Income taxes payable to customers through rates 

Various 
 Long-term portion of credits being passed to customers 

through rate riders 

Through 2021 
 Other miscellaneous 

To be determined 
 Total long-term regulatory liabilities 

Total regulatory liabilities 

70 

to , beginning January 1, 2018. As required by GAAP, on December 31, 2017, IPL and IPALCO remeasured their deferred income tax assets and liabilities using the new tax rate. The impact of the reduction of the income tax rate on deferred income taxes was utilized in the 2018 Base Rate Order to reduce jurisdictional retail rates. Accordingly, we have a net regulatory deferred income tax liability of million and million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. 
 
 Deferred MISO Costs 
 
 These consist of administrative costs for transmission services, transmission expansion cost sharing, and certain other operational and administrative costs from the MISO market. These costs are being recovered per specific rate order. 
 
 Environmental Costs 
 
 These consist of various costs incurred to comply with environmental regulations. These costs were approved for recovery either through IPL's ECCRA proceedings or in the 2018 Base Rate Order. Amortization periods vary, but all costs should be recovered by 2064. 
 
 ARO and Accrued Asset Removal Costs 
 
 In accordance with ASC 410 and ASC 980, IPL recognizes the amount collected in customer rates for costs of removal that do not have an associated legal retirement obligation as a deferred regulatory liability. This amount is net of the portion of legal ARO costs that is also currently being recovered in rates. 

71 

3. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

Transmission 

Distribution 

General plant 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Substantially all of IPL s property is subject to a million direct first mortgage lien, as of December 31, 2019 , securing IPL s first mortgage bonds. Total non-contractually or legally required removal costs of utility plant in service at December 31, 2019 and 2018 were million and million , respectively; and total contractually or legally required removal costs of property, plant and equipment at December 31, 2019 and 2018 were million and million , respectively. Please see ARO below for further information. 
 
 ARO 
 
 ASC 410 Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations addresses financial accounting and reporting for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development and/or normal operation. A legal obligation for purposes of ASC 410 is an obligation that a party is required to settle as a result of an existing law, statute, ordinance, written or oral contract or the doctrine of promissory estoppel. 
 
 IPL s ARO relates primarily to environmental issues involving asbestos-containing materials, ash ponds, landfills and miscellaneous contaminants associated with its generating plants, transmission system and distribution system. 

Liabilities settled 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Revisions to cash flow and timing estimates 

Accretion expense 

Balance as of December 31 

million primarily to reflect an increase to estimated ash pond closure costs, including groundwater remediation. In 2018, IPL recorded additional ARO liabilities of million to reflect revisions to cash flow and timing estimates due to accelerated ash pond closure dates, revised estimated closure costs after review of updates to the CCR rule and revised estimated costs associated with our coal storage areas, landfills, and asbestos remediation. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018 

4. 
 
 72 

million , which will settle when we refinance the debt. All changes in the market value of the interest rate hedges will be recorded in AOCI. See also Note 5, " Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities - Cash Flow Hedges " for further information. 
 
 73 

Mutual funds 

Total VEBA investments 

Financial transmission rights 

Total financial assets measured at fair value 

Financial liabilities: 

Interest rate hedges 

Total financial liabilities measured at fair value 

The fair value of assets and liabilities at December 31, 2018 measured on a recurring basis and the respective category within the fair value hierarchy for IPALCO was determined as follows: 
 Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Fair value at December 31, 2018 
 Based on quoted market prices in active markets 
 Other observable inputs 
 Unobservable inputs 
 
 (In Thousands) 
 Financial assets: 

VEBA investments: 

Money market funds 

Mutual funds 

Total VEBA investments 

Financial transmission rights 

Total financial assets measured at fair value 

Financial liabilities: 

Other derivative liabilities 

Total financial liabilities measured at fair value 

74 

Unrealized gain recognized in earnings 

Issuances 

Settlements 
 () 
 Balance at December 31, 2018 

Unrealized gain recognized in earnings 

Issuances 

Settlements 
 () 
 Balance at December 31, 2019 

Financial Instruments not Measured at Fair Value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 Debt 
 
 The fair value of our outstanding fixed-rate debt has been determined on the basis of the quoted market prices of the specific securities issued and outstanding. In certain circumstances, the market for such securities was inactive and therefore the valuation was adjusted to consider changes in market spreads for similar securities. Accordingly, the purpose of this disclosure is not to approximate the value on the basis of how the debt might be refinanced. 

Variable-rate 

Total indebtedness 

The difference between the face value and the carrying value of this indebtedness represents the following: 

unamortized deferred financing costs of million and million at December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively; and 
 million and million at December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. 

75 

FTRs 
 
 Not Designated 
 
 MWh 

Cash Flow Hedges 
 
 As part of our risk management processes, we identify the relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The fair values of cash flow hedges determined by current public market prices will continue to fluctuate with changes in market prices up to contract expiration. With the adoption of ASU 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities effective January 1, 2019, we are no longer required to calculate effectiveness and thus the entire change in the fair value of a hedging instrument is now recorded in other comprehensive income and amounts deferred are reclassified to earnings in the same income statement line as the hedged item in the period in which it settles. 
 
 In March 2019, we entered into forward interest rate swaps to hedge the interest risk associated with refinancing future debt. The interest rate swaps have a combined notional amount of million and will be settled when the associated debt is refinanced. The AOCI associated with the interest rate swaps will be amortized out of AOCI into interest expense over the remaining life of the underlying debt. 
 
 We use the income approach to value the swaps, which consists of forecasting future cash flows based on contractual notional amounts and applicable and available market data as of the valuation date. The most common market data inputs used in the income approach include volatilities, spot and forward benchmark interest rates (LIBOR). Forward rates with the same tenor as the derivative instrument being valued are generally obtained from published sources, with these forward rates being assessed quarterly at a portfolio-level for reasonableness versus comparable published rates. We will reclassify gains and losses on the swaps out of AOCI and into earnings in those periods in which hedged interest payments occur. 

Net losses associated with current period hedging transactions 
 
 () 
 Ending accumulated derivative loss in AOCI 

() 

Portion expected to be reclassified to earnings in the next twelve months 

Maximum length of time that we are hedging our exposure to variability in future cash flows related to forecasted transactions (in months) 

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge 
 
 FTRs do not qualify for hedge accounting or the normal purchases and sales exceptions under ASC 815. Accordingly, such contracts are recorded at fair value when acquired and subsequently amortized over the annual period as they are used. FTRs are initially recorded at fair value using the income approach. 
 
 Certain qualifying derivative instruments have been designated as normal purchases or normal sales contracts, as provided under GAAP. Derivative contracts that have been designated as normal purchases or normal sales under GAAP are not subject to hedge or mark to market accounting and are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations on an accrual basis. 

76 

Interest rate hedges 
 Cash Flow Hedge 
 
 Accrued and other current liabilities 

6. 
 to . As of December 31, 2019 . and as of the filing of this report, IPL was in compliance with all covenants and no event of default existed. 
 
 IPALCO s Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation contain provisions which state that IPALCO may not make a distribution to its shareholders or make a loan to any of its affiliates (other than its subsidiaries), unless: (a) there exists no event of default (as defined in the articles) and no such event of default would result from the making of the distribution or loan; and either (b)(i) at the time of, and/or as a result of, the distribution or loan, IPALCO s leverage ratio does not exceed to and IPALCO s interest coverage ratio is not less than to or, (b)(ii) if such ratios are not within the parameters, IPALCO s senior long-term debt rating from one of the three major credit rating agencies is at least investment grade. As of December 31, 2019 , and as of the filing of this report, IPALCO was in compliance with all covenants and no event of default existed. 
 
 IPALCO is also restricted in its ability to pay dividends if it is in default under the terms of its Term Loan, which could happen if IPALCO fails to comply with certain covenants. These covenants, among other things, require IPALCO to maintain a ratio of total debt to total capitalization not in excess of to 1 . As of December 31, 2019, and as of the filing of this report, IPALCO was in compliance with all covenants and no event of default existed. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , IPALCO paid distributions to its shareholders totaling million , million and million , respectively. 
 
 Cumulative Preferred Stock 
 
 IPL has separate series of cumulative preferred stock. Holders of preferred stock are entitled to receive dividends at rates per annum ranging from to . During each year ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , total preferred stock dividends declared were million . Holders of preferred stock are entitled to votes per share for IPL matters, and if four full quarterly dividends are in default on all shares of the preferred stock then outstanding, they are entitled to elect the smallest number of IPL directors to constitute a majority of IPL s Board of 
 
 77 

shares of preferred stock, which are now redeemable at par value, subject to certain restrictions, in whole or in part. Additionally, IPL has shares of preferred stock which are redeemable solely at the option of IPL and can be redeemed in whole or in part at any time at specific call prices. 

4.2 Series 

4.6 Series 

4.8 Series 

5.65 Series 

Total cumulative preferred stock 

7. 

3.875 (1) 
 
 August 2021 

3.125 (1) 
 
 December 2024 

January 2034 

October 2036 

June 2037 

November 2041 

June 2043 

June 2044 

September 2045 

May 2046 

November 2048 

Unamortized discount net 

() 
 
 () 
 Deferred financing costs 

() 
 
 () 
 Total IPL first mortgage bonds 

IPL unsecured debt: 

Variable (2) 
 
 December 2020 

Variable (2) 
 
 December 2020 

Deferred financing costs 

() 
 
 () 
 Total IPL unsecured debt 

Total long-term debt IPL 

Long-term debt IPALCO: 

Term Loan 
 
 July 2020 

3.45 Senior Secured Notes 
 
 July 2020 

3.70 Senior Secured Notes 
 
 September 2024 

Unamortized discount net 

() 
 
 () 
 Deferred financing costs 

() 
 
 () 
 Total long-term debt IPALCO 

Total consolidated IPALCO long-term debt 

Less: current portion of long-term debt 

Net consolidated IPALCO long-term debt 

(1) 
 First mortgage bonds issued to the Indiana Finance Authority, to secure the loan of proceeds from tax-exempt bonds issued by the Indiana Finance Authority. 
 The notes have a final maturity date of December 2038, but are subject to a mandatory put in December 2020. 
 
 78 

2021 

2022 

2023 

2024 

Thereafter 

Total 

Significant Transactions 
 
 IPL First Mortgage Bonds and Recent Indiana Finance Authority Bond Issuances 
 
 The mortgage and deed of trust of IPL, together with the supplemental indentures thereto, secure the first mortgage bonds issued by IPL. Pursuant to the terms of the mortgage, substantially all property owned by IPL is subject to a first mortgage lien securing indebtedness of million as of December 31, 2019 . The IPL first mortgage bonds require net earnings as calculated thereunder be at least two and one-half times the annual interest requirements before additional bonds can be authenticated on the basis of property additions. IPL was in compliance with such requirements as of December 31, 2019 . 
 
 In November 2018, IPL issued million aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds, Series, due November 2048, pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. Net proceeds from this offering were approximately million , after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and fees and expenses for the offering. The net proceeds from this offering were used to repay amounts due under IPL's Credit Agreement and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In August 2017, IPL repaid million in outstanding borrowings of IPL first mortgage bonds that were due in August 2017. 
 
 IPL Unsecured Notes 
 
 In December 2015, the Indiana Finance Authority issued on behalf of IPL an aggregate principal amount of million of Environmental Facilities Refunding Revenue Notes due December 2038 (Indianapolis Power Light Company Project). These unsecured notes were issued in two series: million Series 2015A notes and million 2015B notes. These notes were initially purchased by a syndication of banks who will hold the notes until the mandatory put date of December 22, 2020. 
 
 IPL has classified its outstanding million aggregate principal amount of these unsecured notes as short-term indebtedness as they are due December 2020. Management plans to refinance these unsecured notes with new debt. In the event that we are unable to refinance these unsecured notes on acceptable terms, IPL has available borrowing capacity on its revolving credit facility that could be used to satisfy the obligation. 
 
 IPALCO s Senior Secured Notes and Term Loan 
 
 IPALCO has million of Senior Secured Notes due July 15, 2020 ("2020 IPALCO Notes") and a million Term Loan due July 1, 2020. Although current liquid funds are not sufficient to pay the collective amounts due under the 2020 IPALCO Notes and Term Loan at their maturities, we believe that we will be able to refinance the 2020 IPALCO Notes and Term Loan based on our conversations with investment bankers, which currently indicate more than adequate demand for new IPALCO debt at our current credit ratings, and our previous successful issuance of our million IPALCO senior secured notes in 2017, which served to refinance notes existing at the time. Should the capital markets not be accessible to us at the time of the maturity of the 2020 
 
 79 

million credit facility maturing July 1, 2020. The Term Loan is variable rate and is secured by IPALCO s pledge of all the outstanding common stock of IPL. The lien on the pledged shares is shared equally and ratably with IPALCO existing senior secured notes. The Term Loan proceeds were used to repay amounts under IPL's Credit Agreement and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 IPALCO s Senior Secured Notes 
 
 In August 2017, IPALCO completed the sale of the million 2024 IPALCO Notes pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The 2024 IPALCO Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture dated August 22, 2017, by and between IPALCO and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee. The 2024 IPALCO Notes were priced to the public at of the principal amount. Net proceeds to IPALCO were approximately million after deducting underwriting costs and estimated offering expenses. These costs are being amortized to the maturity date using the effective interest method. We used the net proceeds from this offering, together with cash on hand, to redeem the million 2018 IPALCO Notes on September 21, 2017, and to pay certain related fees, expenses and make-whole premiums. A loss on early extinguishment of debt of million for the 2018 IPALCO Notes is included as a separate line item within Other Income/(Expense), Net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The 2020 IPALCO Notes and 2024 IPALCO Notes are secured by IPALCO s pledge of all of the outstanding common stock of IPL. The lien on the pledged shares is shared equally and ratably with IPALCO s Term Loan. IPALCO filed its registration statement on Form S-4 with respect to the 2024 IPALCO Notes with the SEC on November 13, 2017, and this registration statement was declared effective on December 5, 2017. The exchange offer was completed on January 12, 2018. 
 
 Line of Credit 
 
 IPL entered into an amendment and restatement of its -year million revolving credit facility on June 19, 2019 with a syndication of bank lenders. This Credit Agreement is an unsecured committed line of credit to be used: (i) to finance capital expenditures; (ii) to refinance certain existing indebtedness, (iii) to support working capital; and (iv) for general corporate purposes. This agreement matures on June 19, 2024, and bears interest at variable rates as described in the Credit Agreement. It includes an uncommitted million accordion feature to provide IPL with an option to request an increase in the size of the facility at any time prior to June 19, 2023, subject to approval by the lenders. The Credit Agreement also includes two one-year extension options, allowing IPL to extend the maturity date subject to approval by the lenders. Prior to execution, IPL and IPALCO had existing general banking relationships with the parties to the Credit Agreement. IPL had no outstanding borrowings on the committed line of credit as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. 
 
 Restrictions on Issuance of Debt 
 
 All of IPL s long-term borrowings must first be approved by the IURC and the aggregate amount of IPL s short-term indebtedness must be approved by the FERC. IPL has approval from FERC to borrow up to million of short-term indebtedness outstanding at any time through July 26, 2020. In December 2018, IPL received an order from the IURC granting IPL authority through December 31, 2021 to, among other things, issue up to million in aggregate principal amount of long-term debt and refinance up to million in existing indebtedness, all of which authority remains available under the order as of December 31, 2019. This order also grants IPL authority to have up to million of long-term credit agreements and liquidity facilities outstanding at any one time, of which million remains available under the order as of December 31, 2019. As an alternative to the sale of all or a portion of million in principal of the long-term debt mentioned above, we have the authority to issue up to million of new preferred stock, all of which authority remains available under the order as of December 31, 2019. IPL also has restrictions on the amount of new debt that may be issued due to contractual obligations of AES and by financial covenant restrictions under our existing debt obligations. Under such restrictions, IPL is generally allowed to fully draw the amounts available on its Credit Agreement, refinance existing debt and issue new debt approved by the IURC and issue certain other indebtedness. 
 
 80 

8. 
 million , million and million in 2019, 2018 and 2017 respectively. 
 
 On March 25, 2014, the state of Indiana amended Indiana Code 6-3-2-1 through Senate Bill 001, which phases in an additional reduction to the state corporate income tax rate that was initially being reduced by . While the statutory state income tax rate decreased to for the calendar year 2019, the deferred tax balances were adjusted according to the anticipated reversal of temporary differences. The change in required deferred taxes on plant and plant-related temporary differences resulted in a reduction to the associated regulatory asset of million . The change in required deferred taxes on non-property related temporary differences which are not probable to cause a reduction in future base customer rates resulted in a tax benefit of million . The statutory state corporate income tax rate will be for 2020. 
 
 In tax years prior to 2018, Internal Revenue Code Section 199 permitted taxpayers to claim a deduction from taxable income attributable to certain domestic production activities. IPL s electric production activities qualify for this deduction. Beginning in 2010 and through the 2017 tax year, the deduction is equal to of the taxable income attributable to qualifying production activity. The tax benefit associated with the Internal Revenue Code Section 199 domestic production deduction for the tax year 2017 was million . Due to the enactment of TCJA (as described below), the 2017 tax year was the final year for this deduction. 
 
 U.S. Tax Reform 
 
 On December 22, 2017, the U.S. federal government enacted the TCJA. The TCJA significantly changes U.S. corporate income tax law. Notable items impacting the effective tax rate for the 2018 tax year related to the TCJA include a rate reduction in the corporate tax rate to from and an increase in the estimated flow-through depreciation partially offset by the repeal of the manufacturer s production deduction. 
 
 In 2017, the Company recognized the income tax effects of the TCJA in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 SAB 118 which provides SEC guidance on the application of ASC 740, Income Taxes, in the reporting period in which the TCJA was signed into law. Accordingly, the Company s financial statements reflected the income tax effects of U.S. tax reform for which the accounting was complete and provisional amounts for those impacts for which the accounting under ASC 740 was incomplete, but a reasonable estimate could be determined. 
 
 The Company completed its calculation of the impact of the TCJA in its income tax provision during the year ended December 31, 2018 in accordance with its understanding of the TCJA and guidance available as of that date, and as a result recognized million and million of discrete tax expense in the fourth quarters of 2018 and 2017 , respectively. This total results from the remeasurement of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities from to . The most material deferred taxes to be remeasured related to property, plant and equipment. The remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities related to regulated utility property of million and million in 2018 and 2017 , respectively, was recorded as a regulatory liability, which was a non-cash adjustment. 

81 

State 

Total current income taxes 

Deferred income taxes: 

Federal 

() 
 
 () 
 State 

() 
 Total deferred income taxes 

() 
 
 () 
 Net amortization of investment credit 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Total income tax expense 

Effective and Statutory Rate Reconciliation 
 
 The provision for income taxes (including net investment tax credit adjustments) is different than the amount computed by applying the statutory tax rate to pretax income. 

State income tax, net of federal tax benefit 

Research and development credit 

() 

Depreciation flow through and amortization 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Additional funds used during construction - equity 

() 
 Manufacturers Production Deduction (Sec. 199) 

() 
 Other net 

() 
 
 () 
 Effective tax rate 

82 

Regulatory assets recoverable through future rates 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets: 

Investment tax credit 

Regulatory liabilities including ARO 

Employee benefit plans 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred income tax liability net 

Uncertain Tax Positions 

Gross increases current period tax positions 

Gross decreases prior period tax positions 

() 
 Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31 

The unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2019 represent tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting, other than interest and penalties, the timing of the deductions will not affect the annual effective tax rate but would accelerate the tax payments to an earlier period. 
 
 Tax-related interest expense and income is reported as part of the provision for federal and state income taxes. Penalties, if incurred, would also be recognized as a component of tax expense. There are no interest or penalties applicable to the periods contained in this report. 

83 

9. 
 of IPL s active employees are covered by the Thrift Plan, a qualified defined contribution plan. All union new hires are covered under the Thrift Plan. Participants elect to make contributions to the Thrift Plan based on a percentage of their base compensation. Each participant s contribution is matched up to certain thresholds of base compensation. The IBEW clerical-technical union new hires receive an annual lump sum company contribution into the Thrift Plan in addition to the company match. Employer contributions to the Thrift Plan were million , million and million for 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. 
 
 The RSP 
 
 Approximately of IPL s active employees are covered by the RSP, a qualified defined contribution plan containing a match, nondiscretionary and profit sharing component. All non-union new hires are covered under the RSP. Participants elect to make contributions to the RSP based on a percentage of their eligible compensation. Each participant s contribution is matched in amounts up to, but not exceeding, of the participant s eligible compensation. Starting in 2018 , the RSP also includes a nondiscretionary contribution based as a percentage of each participant's eligible compensation. Finally, the RSP included a profit sharing component through 2017 whereby IPL contributed a percentage of each employee s annual salary into the plan on a pre-tax basis. The profit sharing percentage was determined by the AES Board of Directors on an annual basis. Employer contributions (by IPL) relating to the RSP were million , million and million for 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. 
 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 
 Approximately of IPL s active employees are covered by the qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan; while approximately of active employees are IBEW clerical-technical unit employees who are only eligible for the Thrift Plan. The remaining of active employees are covered by the RSP. All non-union new hires are covered under the RSP, while IBEW physical unit union new hires are covered under the Defined Benefit Pension Plan and Thrift Plan. The IBEW clerical-technical unit new hires are no longer covered under the Defined Benefit Pension Plan but do receive an annual lump sum company contribution into the Thrift Plan, in addition to the company match. The Defined Benefit Pension Plan is noncontributory and is funded by IPL through a trust. Benefits for non-union participants in the Defined Benefit Pension Plan are based on salary, years of service and accrued benefits at April 1, 2015. Benefits for eligible union participants are based on each individual employee's pension band and years of service as opposed to their compensation. Pension bands are based primarily on job duties and responsibilities. 
 
 Additionally, a small group of former officers and their surviving spouses are covered under a funded non-qualified Supplemental Retirement Plan. The total number of participants in the plan as of December 31, 2019 was . The plan is closed to new participants. 
 
 IPL also provides postretirement health care benefits to certain active or retired employees and the spouses of certain active or retired employees. Approximately active employees and retirees (including spouses) were receiving such benefits or entitled to future benefits as of January 1, 2019. The plan is unfunded. These postretirement health care benefits and the related unfunded obligation of million and million at December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively, were not material to the consolidated financial statements in the periods covered by this report. 
 
 84 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial loss/(gain) 

() 
 Amendments (primarily increases in pension bands) 

Curtailments (1) 

Benefits paid 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Projected benefit obligation at December 31 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at January 1 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 
 Employer contributions 

Benefits paid 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Fair value of plan assets at December 31 

Unfunded status 

() 

() 
 Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position: 

Noncurrent liabilities 

() 

() 
 Net amount recognized at end of year 

() 

() 
 Sources of change in regulatory assets (2) : 

Prior service cost arising during period 

Net (gain)/loss arising during period 
 
 () 

Amortization of prior service cost 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Amortization of loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Total recognized in regulatory assets 

() 

() 
 Amounts included in regulatory assets: 

Net loss 

Prior service cost 

Total amounts included in regulatory assets 

(1) 
 As a result of the announced AES restructuring in the first quarter of 2018, we recognized a plan curtailment of million in the first quarter of 2018. 
 (2) 
 Amounts that would otherwise be charged/credited to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss upon application of ASC 715, Compensation Retirement Benefits, are recorded as a regulatory asset or liability because IPL has historically recovered and currently recovers pension and other postretirement benefit expenses in rates. These are unrecognized amounts not yet recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs. 
 
 Information for Pension Plans with a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets 

Plan assets 

Benefit obligation in excess of plan assets 

85 

million as of December 31, 2019 million Defined Benefit Pension Plan and million Supplemental Retirement Plan). 
 
 Information for Pension Plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets 

Plan assets 

Accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets 

IPL s total accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets was million as of December 31, 2019 million Defined Benefit Pension Plan and million Supplemental Retirement Plan). 
 
 Significant Gains and Losses Related to Changes in the Benefit Obligation for the Period 
 
 As shown in the table above, an actuarial loss of million increased the benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2019 and an actuarial gain of million reduced the benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2018. The actuarial loss in 2019 was primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate, while the actuarial gain in 2018 was primarily due to an increase in the discount rate. 
 
 Pension Benefits and Expense 
 
 Reported expenses relevant to the Defined Benefit Pension Plan are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience, including the performance of plan assets and actual benefits paid out in future years. Pension costs associated with the Defined Benefit Pension Plan are impacted by the level of contributions made to the plan, earnings on plan assets, the adoption of new mortality tables, and employee demographics, including age, job responsibilities, salary and employment periods. Changes made to the provisions of the Defined Benefit Pension Plan may impact current and future pension costs. Pension costs may also be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions, including anticipated rates of return on plan assets and the corporate bond discount rates, as well as, the adoption of a new mortality table used in determining the projected benefit obligation and pension costs. 
 
 The 2019 net actuarial gain of million recognized in regulatory assets is comprised of two parts: (1) a million pension asset actuarial gain primarily due to higher than expected return on assets; partially offset by (2) an million pension liability actuarial loss primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate used to value pension liabilities. The unrecognized net loss of million in the Pension Plans has accumulated over time primarily due to the long-term declining trend in corporate bond rates and the adoption of new mortality tables which increased the expected benefit obligation due to the longer expected lives of plan participants. During 2019, the accumulated net gain increased due to lower discount rates used to value pension liabilities; which was partially offset by a combination of higher than expected return on pension assets, as well as the year 2019 amortization of accumulated loss. The unrecognized net loss, to the extent that it exceeds of the greater of the benefit obligation or the assets, will be amortized and included as a component of net periodic benefit cost in future years. The amortization period is approximately years based on estimated demographic data as of December 31, 2019 . The projected benefit obligation of million less the fair value of assets of million results in an unfunded status of million at December 31, 2019 . 

86 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Amortization of prior service cost 

Recognized actuarial loss 

Recognized settlement loss 

Total pension cost 

Less: amounts capitalized 

Amount charged to expense 

Rates relevant to each year s expense calculations: 

Discount rate defined benefit pension plan 

Discount rate supplemental retirement plan 

Expected return on defined benefit pension plan assets 

Expected return on supplemental retirement plan assets 

Pension expense for the following year is determined as of the December 31 measurement date based on the fair value of the Pension Plans assets, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, a mortality table assumption that reflects the life expectancy of plan participants, and a discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation. For 2019, pension expense was determined using an assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets of . As of the December 31, 2019 measurement date, IPL decreased the discount rate from to for the Defined Benefit Pension Plan and decreased the discount rate from to for the Supplemental Retirement Plan. The discount rate assumptions affect the pension expense determined for 2020. In addition, IPL increased the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets from to effective January 1, 2020. The expected long-term rate of return assumption affects the pension expense determined for 2020. The effect on 2020 total pension expense of a basis point increase and decrease in the assumed discount rate is ) million and million , respectively. 
 
 In determining the discount rate to use for valuing liabilities we use the market yield curve on high-quality fixed income investments as of December 31, 2019 . We project the expected benefit payments under the plan based on participant data and based on certain assumptions concerning mortality, retirement rates, termination rates, etc. The expected benefit payments for each year are discounted back to the measurement date using the appropriate spot rate for each half-year from the yield curve, thereby obtaining a present value of all expected future benefit payments using the yield curve. Finally, an equivalent single discount rate is determined which produces a present value equal to the present value determined using the full yield curve. 
 
 Pension Plan Assets and Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Pension plan assets consist of investments in cash and cash equivalents, government debt securities, and mutual funds (equity and debt). Differences between actual portfolio returns and expected returns may result in increased or reduced pension costs in future periods. Pension costs are determined as of the plans' measurement date of December 31, 2019 . Pension costs are determined for the following year based on the market value of pension plan assets, expected employer contributions, a discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. 
 
 Fair value is defined under ASC 820 as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., an exit price). The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). 

87 

Debt Securities 

88 

Government debt securities 

Mutual fund - equities 

Mutual fund - debt 

Total (1) 

(1) 
 In 2019, the qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan moved all investments except for cash and cash equivalents into collective trusts; therefore, the 2019 balances under the Government debt securities, Mutual fund - equities, and Mutual fund - debt categories shown above as level 2 represent investments through collective trusts. The Defined Benefit Pension Plan has chosen collective trusts for which the underlying investments are mutual funds, mutual funds categories for which debt securities are the primary underlying investment, or real estate in alignment with the target asset allocation. 

Fair Value Measurements at 

December 31, 2018 

(in thousands) 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 
 
 Significant Observable Inputs 

Asset Category 
 
 Total 
 
 (Level 1) 
 
 (Level 2) 

Short-term investments 

Mutual funds: 

U.S. equities 

International equities 

Fixed income 

Fixed income securities: 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Total 

Pension Funding 
 
 We contributed million , million , and million to the Pension Plans in 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. Funding for the qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan is based upon actuarially determined contributions that take into account the amount deductible for income tax purposes and the minimum contribution required under ERISA, as amended by the Pension Protection Act of 2006, as well as targeted funding levels necessary to meet certain thresholds. 
 
 From an ERISA funding perspective, IPL s funded target liability percentage was estimated to be . In general, IPL must contribute the normal service cost earned by active participants during the plan year; however, this amount can be offset by any surplus or credit balance carried by the Pension Plan. The normal cost is expected to be approximately million in 2020 (including million for plan expenses), which is expected to be fully offset by the surplus amount. Each year thereafter, if the Pension Plans underfunding increases to more than the present value of the remaining annual installments, the excess is separately amortized over a seven-year period. IPL does not expect to make an employer contribution for the calendar year 2020. IPL s funding policy for the Pension Plans is to contribute annually no less than the minimum required by applicable law, and no more than the maximum amount that can be deducted for federal income tax purposes. 

89 

million , million and million , respectively. 

2021 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2024 through 2028 

10. 
 primarily coal-fired electric generating facilities at the time, dating back to 1986. The alleged violations primarily pertain to the PSD and nonattainment New Source Review requirements under the CAA. In addition, on October 1, 2015, IPL received a NOV from the EPA pursuant to CAA Section 113(a) alleging violations of the CAA, the Indiana SIP, and the Title V operating permit related to alleged particulate matter and opacity violations at IPL Petersburg Unit 3. Also, on February 5, 2016, the EPA issued a NOV pursuant to CAA Section 113(a) alleging violations of New Source Review and other CAA regulations, the Indiana SIP, and the Title V operating permit at Petersburg Generating Station. Since receiving the letters, IPL management has been working with the EPA staff regarding possible resolutions of the NOVs. Settlements and litigated outcomes of similar New Source Review cases have required companies to pay civil penalties, install additional pollution control technology on coal-fired electric generating units, retire existing generating units, and invest in additional environmental projects. A similar outcome in these cases could have a material impact on our business. At this time, we cannot determine whether these NOVs could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We would seek recovery of any operating or capital expenditures, but not fines or penalties, related to air pollution control technology to reduce regulated air emissions; however, there can be no assurances that we would be successful in recovering any operating or capital expenditures. IPL has recorded a contingent liability related to these New Source Review cases and other CAA NOV matters. 

90 

11. 
 million per occurrence deductible. Except for IPL s large substations, IPL does not carry insurance on transmission and distribution assets, which are considered to be outside the scope of property insurance. AES and other AES subsidiaries, including IPALCO, also participate in the AES global insurance program. IPL pays premiums for a policy that is written and administered by a third-party insurance company. The premiums paid to this third-party administrator by the participants are paid to AES Global Insurance Company and all claims are paid from a trust fund funded by and owned by AES Global Insurance Company, but controlled by the third-party administrator. IPL also has third-party insurance in which the premiums are paid directly to the third-party insurers. The cost to IPL of coverage under this program with AES Global Insurance Company was approximately million , million , and million in 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively, and is recorded in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , we had prepaid approximately million and million , respectively, which is recorded in Prepayments and other current assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 IPL participates in an agreement with Health and Welfare Benefit Plans LLC, an affiliate of AES, to participate in a group benefits program, including but not limited to, health, dental, vision and life benefits. Health and Welfare Benefit Plans LLC administers the financial aspects of the group insurance program, receives all premium payments from the participating affiliates, and makes all vendor payments. The cost of coverage under this program was approximately million , million , and million in 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively, and is recorded in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. We had no prepaids for coverage under this plan as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. 
 
 AES files federal and state income tax returns which consolidate IPALCO and its subsidiaries. Under a tax sharing agreement with AES, IPALCO is responsible for the income taxes associated with its own taxable income and records the provision for income taxes using a separate return method. IPALCO had a receivable balance under this agreement of million and million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively, which is recorded in Prepayments and other current assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Long-term Compensation Plan 
 
 During 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , many of IPL s non-union employees received benefits under the AES Long-term Compensation Plan, a deferred compensation program. This type of plan is a common employee retention tool used in our industry. Benefits under this plan are granted in the form of performance units payable in cash and AES restricted stock units. Restricted stock units vest ratably over a three-year period. The performance units payable in cash vest at the end of the three-year performance period and are subject to certain AES performance criteria. Total deferred compensation expense recorded during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 was million , million and million , respectively, and was included in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on IPALCO s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The value of these benefits is being recognized over the 36 month vesting period and a portion is recorded as miscellaneous deferred credits with the remainder recorded as Paid in capital on IPALCO s Consolidated Balance Sheets in accordance with ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation. 
 
 See also Note 9, Benefit Plans to the Financial Statements for a description of benefits awarded to IPL employees by AES under the RSP. 
 
 Service Company 
 
 Total costs incurred by the Service Company on behalf of IPALCO were million , million and million during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. Total costs incurred by IPALCO on behalf of the Service Company during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 were million , million and million , respectively, which are included as a reduction to charges from the Service Company. These costs were included in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on IPALCO s Consolidated Statements of Operations. IPALCO had a payable balance with the Service Company of million and 3.8 million as of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 , respectively, which is recorded in Accounts payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

91 

million . This vendor completed its service in 2018. 
 
 Additionally, transactions with various other related parties were million , million and million during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. These expenses were primarily recorded in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

12. 
 million and million of cash and cash equivalents, as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively; long-term investments of million and million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively; long-term liabilities for interest rate hedges of million and million as of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 , respectively; and income taxes and interest related to those items. All other assets represented less than of IPALCO s total assets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 . The accounting policies of the identified segment are consistent with those policies and procedures described in the summary of significant accounting policies. 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest expense 

Earnings/(loss) from operations before income tax 

() 

() 

() 

Capital expenditures (1) 

(1) Capital expenditures includes 5.6 million, 11.4 million and 10.6 million of payments for financed capital expenditures in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2019 
 
 As of December 31, 2018 
 
 As of December 31, 2017 
 Total assets 

13. 
 
 92 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. The following table presents our revenue from contracts with customers and other revenue (in thousands): 
 
 For the Year Ended, 
 For the Year Ended, 
 
 December 31, 2019 
 December 31, 2018 
 Retail Revenues 

Retail revenue from contracts with customers 

Other retail revenues (1) 

Wholesale Revenues 

Miscellaneous Revenues 

Transmission and other revenue from contracts with customers 

Other miscellaneous revenues (2) 

Total Revenues 

(1) Other retail revenue represents alternative revenue programs not accounted for under ASC 606 
 (2) Other miscellaneous revenue includes lease and other miscellaneous revenues not accounted for under ASC 606 
 
 The balances of receivables from contracts with customers are million and million as of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, respectively. Payment terms for all receivables from contracts with customers typically do not extend beyond 30 days. 
 
 The Company has elected to apply the optional disclosure exemptions under ASC 606. Therefore, the Company has not included disclosure pertaining to revenue expected to be recognized in any future year related to remaining performance obligations, as we exclude contracts with an original length of one year or less, contracts for which we 
 
 93 

14. LEASES 
 
 LESSEE 
 
 The Company enters into long-term non-cancelable lease arrangements which are classified as either operating or finance leases; however, lease balances were not material to the Financial Statements in the periods covered by this report. 
 
 LESSOR 
 
 The Company is the lessor under operating leases for land, office space and operating equipment. Minimum lease payments from such contracts are recognized as operating lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the lease term whereas contingent rentals are recognized when earned. Lease revenue included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations was 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 . Underlying gross assets and accumulated depreciation of operating leases included in Total net property, plant and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheet were 4.3 million and 0.7 million , respectively, as of December 31, 2019 . 
 
 The option to extend or terminate a lease is based on customary early termination provisions in the contract. The Company has not recognized any early terminations as of December 31, 2019 . 
 
 The following table shows the future minimum lease receipts through 2024 and thereafter (in thousands): 
 
 Operating Leases 
 2020 
 
 941 
 
 2021 
 994 
 
 2022 
 906 
 
 2023 
 906 
 
 2024 
 786 
 
 Thereafter 
 2,628 
 
 Total 
 
 7,161 

94 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Indianapolis Power Light Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Indianapolis Power Light Company and subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , the related consolidated statements of operations, common shareholder s equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019 , and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2019 and 2018 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 
 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 February 27, 2020 

95 

INDIANAPOLIS POWER LIGHT COMPANY and SUBSIDIARY 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 (In Thousands) 

2019 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 REVENUES 

OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES: 

Fuel 

Power purchased 

Operations and maintenance 

Depreciation and amortization 

Taxes other than income taxes 

Total operating expenses 

OPERATING INCOME 

OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSE), NET: 

Allowance for equity funds used during construction 

Interest expense 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Other income/(expense), net 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total other income/(expense), net 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

EARNINGS FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAX 

Less: income tax expense 

NET INCOME 

LESS: PREFERRED DIVIDEND REQUIREMENTS 

NET INCOME APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCK 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

96 

INDIANAPOLIS POWER LIGHT COMPANY and SUBSIDIARY 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In Thousands) 

December 31, 2019 
 
 December 31, 2018 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Regulatory assets, current 

Taxes receivable 

Prepayments and other current assets 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Construction work in progress 

Total net property, plant and equipment 

OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Intangible assets - net 

Regulatory assets, non-current 

Other non-current assets 

Total other non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Short-term and current portion of long-term debt (Note 7) 

Accounts payable 

Accrued taxes 

Accrued interest 

Customer deposits 

Regulatory liabilities, current 

Accrued and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Long-term debt (Note 7) 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

Taxes payable 

Regulatory liabilities, non-current 

Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits 

Asset retirement obligations 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 10) 

SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY: 

Common stock 

Paid in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total shareholder's equity 

Cumulative preferred stock 

Total shareholder's equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 97 

INDIANAPOLIS POWER LIGHT COMPANY and SUBSIDIARY 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 (In Thousands) 

2019 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt premium 

Deferred income taxes and investment tax credit adjustments - net 

() 
 
 () 
 Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Change in certain assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 
 
 () 
 Inventories 

() 
 
 () 
 Accounts payable 

() 
 Accrued and other current liabilities 

() 
 
 () 
 Accrued taxes payable/receivable 
 
 () 

() 
 Accrued interest 

() 
 Pension and other postretirement benefit expenses 

() 
 
 () 
 Short-term and long-term regulatory assets and liabilities 

Prepayments and other current assets 
 
 () 

() 
 Other - net 
 
 () 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Capital expenditures 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Project development costs 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Cost of removal and regulatory recoverable ARO payments 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Other 

() 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Short-term debt borrowings 

Short-term debt repayments 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Long-term borrowings, net of discount 

Dividends on common stock 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Dividends on preferred stock 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Equity contributions from IPALCO 

Payments for financed capital expenditures 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Other 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest (net of amount capitalized) 

Income taxes 

Non-cash investing activities: 

Accruals for capital expenditures 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 98 

INDIANAPOLIS POWER LIGHT COMPANY and SUBSIDIARY 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder's Equity 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 (In Thousands) 

Common Stock 
 
 Paid in Capital 
 
 Retained Earnings 
 
 Total 
 Balance at January 1, 2017 

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends 

() 
 
 () 
 Cash dividends declared on common stock 

() 
 
 () 
 Other 

Balance at December 31, 2017 

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends 

() 
 
 () 
 Cash dividends declared on common stock 

() 
 
 () 
 Contributions from IPALCO 

Other 

Balance at December 31, 2018 

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends 

() 
 
 () 
 Cash dividends declared on common stock 

() 
 
 () 
 Other 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

99 

INDIANAPOLIS POWER LIGHT COMPANY and SUBSIDIARY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

1. OVERVIEW AND) and CDPQ ). IPL is engaged primarily in generating, transmitting, distributing and selling of electric energy to more than retail customers in the city of Indianapolis and neighboring cities, towns and communities, and adjacent rural areas all within the state of Indiana, with the most distant point being approximately miles from Indianapolis. IPL has an exclusive right to provide electric service to those customers. IPL owns and operates generating stations all within the state of Indiana. Our largest generating station, Petersburg, is coal-fired. The second largest station, Harding Street, uses natural gas and fuel oil to power combustion turbines. In addition, IPL operates a MW battery energy storage unit at this location, which provides frequency response. The third station, Eagle Valley, is a CCGT natural gas plant. IPL took operational control and commenced commercial operations of this CCGT plant in April 2018. The fourth station, Georgetown, is a small peaking station that uses natural gas to power combustion turbines. As of December 31, 2019, IPL s net electric generation capacity for winter is MW and net summer capacity is MW. 

Certain amounts from prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

100 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. 
 
 IPL s basic rates include a provision for fuel costs as established in IPL s most recent rate proceeding, which last adjusted IPL s rates in December 2018. IPL is permitted to recover actual costs of purchased power and fuel consumed, subject to certain restrictions. This is accomplished through quarterly FAC proceedings, in which IPL estimates the amount of fuel and purchased power costs in future periods. Through these proceedings, IPL is also permitted to recover, in future rates, underestimated fuel and purchased power costs from prior periods, subject to certain restrictions, and therefore the over or underestimated costs are deferred or accrued and amortized into fuel expense in the same period that IPL s rates are adjusted. See also Note 2, Regulatory Matters for a discussion of other costs that IPL is permitted to recover through periodic rate adjustment proceedings and the status of current rate adjustment proceedings. 
 
 In addition, IPL is one of many transmission system owner members of MISO, a regional transmission organization which maintains functional control over the combined transmission systems of its members and manages one of the largest energy markets in the U.S. See Note 13, " Revenue " for additional information of MISO sales and other revenue streams. 

101 

Unbilled revenue 

Amounts due from related parties 

Other 

Provision for uncollectible accounts 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Total accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 
 
 IPL maintains coal, fuel oil, materials and supplies inventories for use in the production of electricity. These inventories are accounted for at the lower of cost or net realizable value, using the average cost. 

Materials and supplies 

Total inventories 

, , and during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. Depreciation expense was million , million , and million for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. "Depreciation and amortization" expense on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations is presented net of regulatory deferrals of depreciation expense and also includes amortization of intangible assets and amortization of previously deferred regulatory costs. 
 
 IPL capitalized amounts using pretax composite rates of , and during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. 
 
 billion as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 . IPL does not believe any of these assets are currently impaired. In making this assessment, IPL considers such factors as: the overall condition and generating and distribution capacity of the assets; the expected ability to recover 
 
 102 

million and million and its corresponding accumulated amortization of million and million , as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. Amortization expense was million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. The estimated amortization expense of this capitalized software is approximately million over the next 5 years million in 2020, million in 2021, million in 2022, million in 2023 and million in 2024). 
 
 million and million , respectively, which were included in Accrued and Other Current Liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 of IPL s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements in two bargaining units: a physical unit and a clerical-technical unit. IPL s contract with the physical unit expires on , and the contract with the clerical-technical unit expires . Additionally, IPL has long-term coal contracts with suppliers, with about of our existing coal under contract for the three-year period ending December 31, 2022 coming from one supplier. Substantially all of the coal is currently mined in the state of Indiana. 
 
 Financial 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of the existing assets and liabilities, and their respective income tax bases. IPL establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. IPL s tax positions are evaluated under a more likely than not recognition threshold and measurement analysis before they are recognized for financial statement reporting. 
 Uncertain tax positions have been classified as noncurrent income tax liabilities unless expected to be paid within one year. IPL s policy for interest and penalties is to recognize interest and penalties as a component of the provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 See Note 2, " Regulatory Matters " for additional information. 

103 

See Note 9, " Benefit Plans " for more information. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements Adopted in 2019 
 
 The following table provides a brief description of recent accounting pronouncements that had an impact on IPL's consolidated financial statements. Accounting pronouncements not listed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or did not have a material impact on IPL's consolidated financial statements. 
 New Accounting Standards Adopted 
 ASU Number and Name 
 Description 
 Date of Adoption 
 Effect on the Financial Statements upon adoption 
 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities 
 The standard updates the hedge accounting model to expand the ability to hedge nonfinancial and financial risk components, reduce complexity, and ease certain documentation and assessment requirements. When facts and circumstances are the same as at the previous quantitative test, a subsequent quantitative effectiveness test is not required. The standard also eliminates the requirement to separately measure and report hedge ineffectiveness. For cash flow hedges, this means that the entire change in the fair value of a hedging instrument will be recorded in other comprehensive income and amounts deferred will be reclassified to earnings in the same income statement line as the hedged item. 
 
 Transition method: modified retrospective with the cumulative effect adjustment recorded to the opening balance of retained earnings as of the initial application date. Prospective for presentation and disclosures. 
 
 January 1, 2019 
 The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on IPL's consolidated financial statements. 
 2016-02, 2018-01, 2018-10, 2018-11, 2018-20, 2019-01, Leases (Topic 842) 
 See discussion of the ASUs below. 

January 1, 2019 
 See impact upon adoption of the standard below. 

On January 1, 2019, IPL adopted ASC 842 Leases and its subsequent corresponding updates ASC 842 ). Under this standard, lessees are required to recognize assets and liabilities for most leases on the balance sheet, and recognize expenses in a manner similar to the current accounting method. For lessors, the guidance modifies the 
 
 104 

105 

2 
 million , or , increase to annual revenues (the "2018 Base Rate Order"). The 2018 Base Rate Order includes recovery through rates of the CCGT at Eagle Valley completed in the first half of 2018, as well as other construction projects and changes to operating income since the 2016 Base Rate Order (See below). New basic rates and charges became effective on December 5, 2018. The 2018 Base Rate Order also provides customers approximately million in benefits, which are flowing to customers over the two-year period that began March 2019, via the ECCRA rate adjustment mechanism. This liability, less amounts returned to IPL's 
 
 106 

million shall be passed back (or charged) to customer rates through a rate adjustment mechanism. Similarly, the 2018 Base Rate Order provides that all capacity sales above (or below) a benchmark of million shall be passed back (or charged) to customer rates through a rate adjustment mechanism. The 2018 Base Rate Order also approved changes to IPL's depreciation and amortization rates (including no longer deferring depreciation on the CCGT at Eagle Valley) which altogether represent a net expense increase of approximately million annually. 
 
 In March 2016, the IURC issued the 2016 Base Rate Order authorizing IPL to increase its basic rates and charges by million annually. IPL also received approval to implement three new rate riders for current recovery from customers of ongoing MISO costs and capacity costs , and for sharing with customers of wholesale sales margins above and below the established benchmark of million . 
 
 CCR 
 
 On April 26, 2017, the IURC approved IPL s CCR compliance request to install a bottom ash dewatering system at its Petersburg generating station and to recover of qualifying costs through a rate adjustment mechanism with the remainder recorded as a regulatory asset for recovery in a subsequent rate case. The approved capital cost of the CCR compliance plan was approximately million . IPL s bottom ash dewatering system at its Petersburg generating station went into service in September 2017. 
 
 NAAQS 
 
 On April 26, 2017, the IURC approved IPL s request for NAAQS SO 2 compliance at its Petersburg generation station with of qualifying costs recovered through a rate adjustment mechanism and the remainder recorded as a regulatory asset for recovery in a subsequent rate case. The approved capital cost of the NAAQS SO 2 compliance plan was approximately million . This project went into service between August 2018 and August 2019. 
 
 Other 
 
 The DOE issued a Notice of Proposed Rule Making on September 29, 2017, which directed the FERC to exercise its authority to set just and reasonable rates that recognize the resiliency value provided by generation plants with certain characteristics, including having 90-days or more of on-site fuel and operating in markets where they do not receive rate base treatment through state ratemaking. Nuclear and coal-fired generation plants would have been most likely to be able to meet the requirements. As proposed, the DOE would value resiliency through rates that recover compensable costs that were defined to include the recovery of operating and fuel expenses, debt service and a fair return on equity. On January 8, 2018, the FERC issued an order terminating this docket stating that it failed to satisfy the legal requirements of Section 206 of the Federal Power Act of 1935. The FERC initiated a new docket to take additional steps to explore resilience issues in RTOs/ISOs. The goal of this new proceeding is to: (1) develop a common understanding among the FERC, State Commissions, RTOs/ISOs, transmission owners, and others as to what resilience of the bulk power system means and requires; (2) understand how each RTO and ISO assesses resilience in its geographic footprint; and (3) use this information to evaluate whether additional action regarding resilience is appropriate at this time. It is not possible to predict the impact of this proceeding on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 FAC and Authorized Annual Jurisdictional Net Operating Income 
 
 IPL may apply to the IURC for a change in IPL s fuel charge every three months to recover IPL s estimated fuel costs, including the energy portion of purchased power costs, which may be above or below the levels included in IPL s basic rates and charges. IPL must present evidence in each FAC proceeding that it has made every reasonable effort to acquire fuel and generate or purchase power or both so as to provide electricity to its retail customers at the lowest fuel cost reasonably possible. 
 
 Independent of the IURC s ability to review basic rates and charges, Indiana law requires electric utilities under the jurisdiction of the IURC to meet operating expense and income test requirements as a condition for approval of requested changes in the FAC. A utility may be unable to recover all of its fuel costs if its rolling twelve-month 
 
 107 

million . The jurisdictional revenue requirement approved by the IURC to be included in IPL s rates for the twelve-month period ending February 2020 was a net credit to customers of million . This amount is significantly lower than prior ECCRA periods as a result of (i) having the vast majority of the ECCRA projects rolled into IPL s basic rates and charges effective December 5, 2018 as a result of the 2018 Base Rate Order and (ii) the approximately million 
 of customer benefits being flowed through the ECCRA as a result of the 2018 Base Rate Order, as described above. The only equipment still remaining in the ECCRA as of December 31, 2019 are certain projects associated with NAAQS compliance. 
 
 DSM 
 
 Through various rate orders from the IURC, IPL has been able to recover its costs of implementing various DSM programs throughout the periods covered by this report. In 2019 and 2018, IPL also had the ability to receive performance incentives, dependent upon the level of success of the programs. Performance incentives included in revenues for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were million , million and 0.0 million, respectively. 
 
 On February 7, 2018, the IURC approved a settlement agreement establishing a new three year DSM plan for IPL through 2020. The approval included cost recovery of programs as well as performance incentives, depending on the level of success of the programs. The order also approved recovery of lost revenues, consistent with the provisions of the settlement agreement. 
 
 Wind and Solar Power Purchase Agreements 
 
 IPL is committed under a power purchase agreement to purchase all wind-generated electricity through 2029 from a wind project in Indiana. IPL is also committed under another agreement to purchase all wind-generated electricity through 2031 from a project in Minnesota. The Indiana project has a maximum output capacity of approximately MW and the Minnesota project has a maximum output capacity of approximately MW. In addition, IPL has MW of solar-generated electricity in its service territory under long-term contracts (these long-term contracts have expiration dates ranging from 2021 to 2033), of which MW was in operation as of December 31, 2019 . IPL has authority from the IURC to recover the costs for all of these agreements through an adjustment mechanism administered within the FAC. If and when IPL sells the renewable energy attributes (in the form of renewable energy credits) generated from these facilities, the proceeds would pass back to benefit IPL s retail customers through the FAC. 
 
 Taxes 
 
 On January 3, 2018, the IURC opened a generic investigation to review and consider the impacts from the TCJA and how any resulting benefits should be realized by customers. The IURC s order opening this investigation directed Indiana utilities to apply regulatory accounting treatment, such as the use of regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities, for all estimated impacts resulting from the TCJA. On February 16, 2018, the IURC issued an 
 
 108 

million . The 2018 Base Rate Order described above resolved the Phase II and all other issues regarding the TCJA impact on IPL's rates and includes an additional credit of million to be paid by IPL to its customers through the ECCRA rate adjustment mechanism over two years beginning in March 2019. See also Note 8, Income Taxes - U.S. Tax Reform for further information. 
 
 TDSIC Filing 
 
 In 2013, Senate Enrolled Act 560, the Transmission, Distribution, and Storage System Improvement Charge ("TDSIC") statute, was signed into law. The TDSIC statute was revised in 2019. Among other provisions, this legislation provides for cost recovery outside of a base rate proceeding for new or replacement electric and gas transmission, distribution, and storage projects that a public utility undertakes for the purposes of safety, reliability, system modernization, or economic development. Provisions of the TDSIC statute require that, among other things, requests for recovery include a plan of at least five years and not more than seven for eligible investments. Once the plan is approved by the IURC, percent of eligible costs can be recovered using a periodic rate adjustment mechanism. The cost recovery mechanism is referred to as a TDSIC mechanism. Recoverable costs include a return on, and of, the investment, including AFUDC, post-in-service carrying charges, operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation and property taxes. The remaining percent of recoverable costs are to be deferred for future recovery in the public utility s next base rate case. The periodic rate adjustment mechanism is capped at an annual increase of no more than percent of total retail revenues. 
 
 On July 24, 2019, IPL filed a petition with the IURC seeking approval of a seven-year TDSIC Plan for eligible transmission, distribution and storage system improvements totaling billion from 2020 through 2027. An IURC order is expected in the first quarter of 2020. There will be no revenues and/or cost recovery until approval of the TDSIC rider, which is not expected to occur until later in 2020. 
 
 IRP Filing 
 
 In December 2019, IPL filed its IRP, which describes IPL's Preferred Resource Portfolio for meeting generation capacity needs for serving IPL's retail customers over the next several years. IPL's Preferred Resource Portfolio is its reasonable least cost option and provides a cleaner and more diverse generation mix for customers. IPL's Preferred Resource Portfolio includes the retirement of MW of coal-fired generation by 2023. Based on extensive modeling, IPL has determined that the cost of operating Petersburg Units 1 and 2 exceeds the value customers receive compared to alternative resources. Retirement of these units allows the company to cost-effectively diversify the portfolio and transition to lower cost and cleaner resources while maintaining a reliable system. 
 
 IPL issued an all-source Request for Proposal on December 20, 2019, in order to competitively procure replacement capacity by June 1, 2023, which is the first year IPL is expected to have a capacity shortfall. Current modeling indicates that a combination of wind, solar, storage, and energy efficiency would be the lowest reasonable cost option for the replacement capacity, but IPL will assess the type, size, and location of resources after bids are received. As a result of the decision to retire Petersburg Units 1 and 2, IPL recorded a million obsolescence loss in December 2019 for materials and supplies inventory IPL does not believe will be utilized by the planned retirement dates, which is recorded in " Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance " on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

109 

to years. Tax-related regulatory assets represent the net income tax costs to be considered in future regulatory proceedings generally as the tax-related amounts are paid. 
 
 The amounts of regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities at December 31 are as follows: 

Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Costs being recovered through basic rates and charges 

Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Total current regulatory assets 

Long-term: 

Unrecognized pension and other 

postretirement benefit plan costs 

Various (2) 
 Deferred MISO costs 

Through 2026 (1) 
 Unamortized Petersburg Unit 4 carrying 

charges and certain other costs 

Through 2026 (1)(3) 
 Unamortized reacquisition premium on debt 

Over remaining life of debt 
 Environmental projects 

Through 2046 (1)(3) 
 Other miscellaneous 

Various (4) 
 Total long-term regulatory assets 

Total regulatory assets 

Regulatory Liabilities 

Current: 

Overcollection or rate riders and other credits being passed 

to customers through rate riders 

Approximately 1 year (1) 
 FTRs 

Approximately 1 year (1) 
 Total current regulatory liabilities 

Long-term: 

ARO and accrued asset removal costs 

Not applicable 
 Deferred income taxes payable through rates 

Various 
 Long-term portion or credits being passed to customers 

through rate riders 

Through 2021 
 Other miscellaneous 

To be determined 
 Total long-term regulatory liabilities 

Total regulatory liabilities 

110 

to , beginning January 1, 2018. As required by GAAP, on December 31, 2017, IPL remeasured their deferred income tax assets and liabilities using the new tax rate. The impact of the reduction of the income tax rate on deferred income taxes will be used in future ratemaking to reduce jurisdictional retail rates. Accordingly, IPL has a net regulatory deferred income tax liability of million and million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. 
 
 Deferred MISO Costs 
 
 These consist of administrative costs for transmission services, transmission expansion cost sharing, and certain other operational and administrative costs from the MISO market. These costs are being recovered per specific rate order. 
 
 Environmental Costs 
 
 These consist of various costs incurred to comply with environmental regulations. These costs were approved for recovery either through IPL's ECCRA proceedings or in the 2018 Base Rate Order. Amortization periods vary, but all costs should be recovered by 2064. 
 
 ARO and Accrued Asset Removal Costs 
 
 In accordance with ASC 410 and ASC 980, IPL recognizes the amount collected in customer rates for costs of removal that do not have an associated legal retirement obligation as a deferred regulatory liability. This amount is net of the portion of legal ARO costs that is also currently being recovered in rates. 

111 

3 

Transmission 

Distribution 

General plant 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Substantially all of IPL s property is subject to a million direct first mortgage lien, as of December 31, 2019 , securing IPL s first mortgage bonds. Total non-contractually or legally required removal costs of utility plant in service at December 31, 2019 and 2018 were million and million , respectively; and total contractually or legally required removal costs of property, plant and equipment at December 31, 2019 and 2018 were million and million , respectively. Please see ARO below for further information. 
 
 ARO 
 
 ASC 410 Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations addresses financial accounting and reporting for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development and/or normal operation. A legal obligation for purposes of ASC 410 is an obligation that a party is required to settle as a result of an existing law, statute, ordinance, written or oral contract or the doctrine of promissory estoppel. 
 
 IPL s ARO relates primarily to environmental issues involving asbestos-containing materials, ash ponds, landfills and miscellaneous contaminants associated with its generating plants, transmission system and distribution system. 

Liabilities settled 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Revisions to cash flow and timing estimates 

Accretion expense 

Balance as of December 31 

million primarily to reflect an increase to estimated ash pond closure costs, including groundwater remediation. In 2018, IPL recorded additional ARO liabilities of million to reflect revisions to cash flow and timing estimates due to accelerated ash pond closure dates, revised estimated closure costs after review of updates to the CCR rule and revised estimated costs associated with our coal storage areas, landfills, and asbestos remediation. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018 

4. 
 
 112 

113 

Mutual funds 

Total VEBA investments 

Financial transmission rights 

Total financial assets measured at fair value 

The fair value of assets and liabilities at December 31, 2018 measured on a recurring basis and the respective category within the fair value hierarchy for IPL was determined as follows: 
 Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Fair value at December 31, 2018 
 Based on quoted market prices in active markets 
 Other observable inputs 
 Unobservable inputs 
 
 (In Thousands) 
 Financial assets: 

VEBA investments: 

Money market funds 

Mutual funds 

Total VEBA investments 

Financial transmission rights 

Total financial assets measured at fair value 

Financial liabilities: 

Other derivative liabilities 

Total financial liabilities measured at fair value 

114 

Unrealized gain recognized in earnings 

Issuances 

Settlements 
 () 
 Balance at December 31, 2018 

Unrealized gain recognized in earnings 

Issuances 

Settlements 
 () 
 Balance at December 31, 2019 

Financial Instruments not Measured at Fair Value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 Debt 
 
 The fair value of IPL s outstanding fixed-rate debt has been determined on the basis of the quoted market prices of the specific securities issued and outstanding. In certain circumstances, the market for such securities was inactive and therefore the valuation was adjusted to consider changes in market spreads for similar securities. Accordingly, the purpose of this disclosure is not to approximate the value on the basis of how the debt might be refinanced. 

Variable-rate 

Total indebtedness 

The difference between the face value and the carrying value of this indebtedness represents the following: 

unamortized deferred financing costs of million and million at December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively; and 
 million and million at December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. 

115 

(a) 
 Refers to whether the derivative instruments have been designated as a cash flow hedge. 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge 
 
 FTRs do not qualify for hedge accounting or the normal purchases and sales exceptions under ASC 815. Accordingly, such contracts are recorded at fair value when acquired and subsequently amortized over the annual period as they are used. FTRs are initially recorded at fair value using the income approach. 
 
 Certain qualifying derivative instruments have been designated as normal purchases or normal sales contracts, as provided under GAAP. Derivative contracts that have been designated as normal purchases or normal sales under GAAP are not subject to hedge or mark to market accounting and are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations on an accrual basis. 
 
 When applicable, IPL has elected not to offset derivative assets and liabilities and not to offset net derivative positions against the right to reclaim cash collateral pledged (an asset) or the obligation to return cash collateral received (a liability) under derivative agreements. As of December 31, 2019 , IPL did not have any offsetting positions. 
 
 The following table summarizes the fair value, balance sheet classification and hedging designation of IPL's derivative instruments: 

6. 
 million credit facility maturing July 1, 2020. The Term Loan is variable rate and is secured by IPALCO s pledge of all the outstanding common stock of IPL. The lien on the pledged shares is shared equally and ratably with IPALCO existing senior secured notes. The Term Loan proceeds were used to repay amounts under IPL's Credit Agreement and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 IPL had capital contributions from IPALCO of million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 
 
 All of the outstanding common stock of IPL is owned by IPALCO. IPL s common stock is pledged under the Term Loan, 2020 IPALCO Notes and 2024 IPALCO Notes. There have been no changes in the capital stock of IPL during the three years ended December 31, 2019 . 
 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 
 IPL s mortgage and deed of trust and its amended articles of incorporation contain restrictions on IPL s ability to issue certain securities or pay cash dividends. So long as any of the several series of bonds of IPL issued under its mortgage remains outstanding, and subject to certain exceptions, IPL is restricted in the declaration and payment of dividends, or other distribution on shares of its capital stock of any class, or in the purchase or redemption of such shares, to the aggregate of its net income, as defined in the mortgage, after December 31, 1939. In addition, pursuant to IPL s articles, no dividends may be paid or accrued, and no other distribution may be made on IPL s common stock unless dividends on all outstanding shares of IPL preferred stock have been paid or declared and 
 
 116 

to . As of December 31, 2019 , and as of the filing of this report, IPL was in compliance with all covenants and no event of default existed. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , IPL declared dividends to its shareholder totaling million , million , and million , respectively. 
 
 Cumulative Preferred Stock 
 
 IPL has separate series of cumulative preferred stock. Holders of preferred stock are entitled to receive dividends at rates per annum ranging from to . During each year ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , total preferred stock dividends declared were million . Holders of preferred stock are entitled to votes per share for IPL matters, and if four full quarterly dividends are in default on all shares of the preferred stock then outstanding, they are entitled to elect the smallest number of IPL directors to constitute a majority of IPL s Board of Directors. Based on the preferred stockholders ability to elect a majority of IPL s Board of Directors in this circumstance, the redemption of the preferred shares is considered to be not solely within the control of the issuer and the preferred stock was considered temporary equity and presented in the mezzanine level of the audited consolidated balance sheets in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance for non-controlling interests and redeemable securities. IPL has issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock, which are now redeemable at par value, subject to certain restrictions, in whole or in part. Additionally, IPL has shares of preferred stock which are redeemable solely at the option of IPL and can be redeemed in whole or in part at any time at specific call prices. 

4.2 Series 

4.6 Series 

4.8 Series 

5.65 Series 

Total cumulative preferred stock 

7 

3.875 (1) 
 
 August 2021 

3.125 (1) 
 
 December 2024 

January 2034 

October 2036 

June 2037 

November 2041 

June 2043 

June 2044 

September 2045 

May 2046 

November 2048 

Unamortized discount net 

() 
 
 () 
 Deferred financing costs 

() 
 
 () 
 Total IPL first mortgage bonds 

IPL unsecured debt: 

Variable (2) 
 
 December 2020 

Variable (2) 
 
 December 2020 

Deferred financing costs 

() 
 
 () 
 Total IPL unsecured debt 

Total consolidated IPL long-term debt 

Less: current portion of long-term debt 

Net consolidated IPL long-term debt 

(1) 
 First mortgage bonds issued to the Indiana Finance Authority, to secure the loan of proceeds from tax-exempt bonds issued by the Indiana Finance Authority. 
 The notes have a final maturity date of December 2038, but are subject to a mandatory put in December 2020. 

117 

2021 

2022 

2023 

2024 

Thereafter 

Total 

Significant Transactions 
 
 IPL First Mortgage Bonds and Recent Indiana Finance Authority Bond Issuances 
 
 The mortgage and deed of trust of IPL, together with the supplemental indentures thereto, secure the first mortgage bonds issued by IPL. Pursuant to the terms of the mortgage, substantially all property owned by IPL is subject to a first mortgage lien securing indebtedness of million as of December 31, 2019 . The IPL first mortgage bonds require net earnings as calculated thereunder be at least two and one-half times the annual interest requirements before additional bonds can be authenticated on the basis of property additions. IPL was in compliance with such requirements as of December 31, 2019 . 
 
 In November 2018, IPL issued million aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds, Series, due November 2048, pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. Net proceeds from this offering were approximately million , after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and fees and expenses for the offering. The net proceeds from this offering were used to repay amounts due under IPL's Credit Agreement and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In August 2017, IPL repaid million in outstanding borrowings of IPL first mortgage bonds that were due in August 2017. 
 
 IPL Unsecured Notes 
 
 In December 2015, the Indiana Finance Authority issued on behalf of IPL an aggregate principal amount of million of Environmental Facilities Refunding Revenue Notes due December 2038 (Indianapolis Power Light Company Project). These unsecured notes were issued in two series: million Series 2015A notes and million 2015B notes. These notes were initially purchased by a syndication of banks who will hold the notes until the mandatory put date of December 22, 2020. 
 
 IPL has classified its outstanding million aggregate principal amount of these unsecured notes as short-term indebtedness as they are due December 2020. Management plans to refinance these unsecured notes with new debt. In the event that we are unable to refinance these unsecured notes on acceptable terms, IPL has available borrowing capacity on its revolving credit facility that could be used to satisfy the obligation. 
 
 Line of Credit 
 
 IPL entered into an amendment and restatement of its -year million revolving credit facility on June 19, 2019 with a syndication of bank lenders. This Credit Agreement is an unsecured committed line of credit to be used: (i) to finance capital expenditures; (ii) to refinance certain existing indebtedness, (iii) to support working capital; and (iv) for general corporate purposes. This agreement matures on June 19, 2024, and bears interest at variable rates as described in the Credit Agreement. It includes an uncommitted million accordion feature to provide IPL with an option to request an increase in the size of the facility at any time prior to June 19, 2023, subject to approval by the lenders. The Credit Agreement also includes two one-year extension options, allowing IPL to extend the maturity 
 
 118 

million of short-term indebtedness outstanding at any time through July 26, 2020. In December 2018, IPL received an order from the IURC granting IPL authority through December 31, 2021 to, among other things, issue up to million in aggregate principal amount of long-term debt and refinance up to million in existing indebtedness, all of which authority remains available under the order as of December 31, 2019. This order also grants IPL authority to have up to million of long-term credit agreements and liquidity facilities outstanding at any one time, of which million remains available under the order as of December 31, 2019. As an alternative to the sale of all or a portion of million in principal of the long-term debt mentioned above, we have the authority to issue up to million of new preferred stock, all of which authority remains available under the order as of December 31, 2019. IPL also has restrictions on the amount of new debt that may be issued due to contractual obligations of AES and by financial covenant restrictions under our existing debt obligations. Under such restrictions, IPL is generally allowed to fully draw the amounts available on its Credit Agreement, refinance existing debt and issue new debt approved by the IURC and issue certain other indebtedness. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 
 IPL s ability to borrow money or to refinance existing indebtedness and the interest rates at which IPL can borrow money or refinance existing indebtedness are affected by IPL s credit ratings. In addition, the applicable interest rates on IPL s Credit Agreement and other unsecured notes are dependent upon the credit ratings of IPL. Downgrades in the credit ratings of AES and/or IPALCO could result in IPL s credit ratings being downgraded. 

8. 
 million , million and million in 2019, 2018 and 2017 respectively. 
 
 On March 25, 2014, the state of Indiana amended Indiana Code 6-3-2-1 through Senate Bill 001, which phases in an additional reduction to the state corporate income tax rate that was initially being reduced by . While the statutory state income tax rate decreased to for the calendar year 2019, the deferred tax balances were adjusted according to the anticipated reversal of temporary differences. The change in required deferred taxes on plant and plant-related temporary differences resulted in a reduction to the associated regulatory asset of million . The change in required deferred taxes on non-property related temporary differences which are not probable to cause a reduction in future base customer rates resulted in a tax benefit of million . The statutory state corporate income tax rate will be for 2020. 
 
 In tax years prior to 2018, Internal Revenue Code Section 199 permitted taxpayers to claim a deduction from taxable income attributable to certain domestic production activities. IPL s electric production activities qualify for this deduction. Beginning in 2010 and through the 2017 tax year, the deduction is equal to of the taxable income attributable to qualifying production activity. The tax benefit associated with the Internal Revenue Code Section 199 domestic production deduction for 2017 was million . Due to the enactment of TCJA (as described below), the 2017 tax year was the final year for this deduction. 

119 

from and an increase in the estimated flow-through depreciation partially offset by the repeal of the manufacturer s production deduction. 
 
 In 2017, IPL recognized the income tax effects of the TCJA in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 SAB 118 which provides SEC guidance on the application of ASC 740, Income Taxes, in the reporting period in which the TCJA was signed into law. Accordingly, IPL s financial statements reflected the income tax effects of U.S. tax reform for which the accounting was complete and provisional amounts for those impacts for which the accounting under ASC 740 was incomplete, but a reasonable estimate could be determined. 
 
 IPL completed its calculation of the impact of the TCJA in its income tax provision during the year ended December 31, 2018 in accordance with its understanding of the TCJA and guidance available as of that date, and as a result recognized million and million of discrete tax expense in the fourth quarters of 2018 and 2017 , respectively. This total results from the remeasurement of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities from to . The most material deferred taxes to be remeasured related to property, plant and equipment. The remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities related to regulated utility property of million and million in 2018 and 2017 , respectively, was recorded as a regulatory liability, which was a non-cash adjustment. 
 
 Income Tax Provision 

State 

Total current income taxes 

Deferred income taxes: 

Federal 

() 
 
 () 
 State 

() 
 Total deferred income taxes 

() 
 
 () 
 Net amortization of investment credit 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Total income tax expense 

120 

State income tax, net of federal tax benefit 

Amortization of investment tax credits 

() 
 
 () 
 Research and development credit 

() 

Depreciation flow through and amortization 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Additional funds used during construction - equity 

() 
 Manufacturers Production Deduction (Sec. 199) 

() 
 Other net 

() 
 
 () 
 Effective tax rate 

Deferred Income Taxes 

Regulatory assets recoverable through future rates 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets: 

Investment tax credit 

Regulatory liabilities including ARO 

Employee benefit plans 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred income tax liability net 

Uncertain Tax Positions 

Gross increases current period tax positions 

Gross decreases prior period tax positions 

() 
 Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31 

The unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2019 represent tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. Because of the impact of 
 
 121 

9. 
 of IPL s active employees are covered by the Thrift Plan, a qualified defined contribution plan. All union new hires are covered under the Thrift Plan. Participants elect to make contributions to the Thrift Plan based on a percentage of their base compensation. Each participant s contribution is matched up to certain thresholds of base compensation. The IBEW clerical-technical union new hires receive an annual lump sum company contribution into the Thrift Plan in addition to the company match. Employer contributions to the Thrift Plan were million , million and million for 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. 
 
 The RSP 
 
 Approximately of IPL s active employees are covered by the RSP, a qualified defined contribution plan containing a match, nondiscretionary and profit sharing component. All non-union new hires are covered under the RSP. Participants elect to make contributions to the RSP based on a percentage of their eligible compensation. Each participant s contribution is matched in amounts up to, but not exceeding, of the participant s eligible compensation. Starting in 2018 , the RSP also includes a nondiscretionary contribution based as a percentage of each participant's eligible compensation. Finally, the RSP included a profit sharing component through 2017 whereby IPL contributed a percentage of each employee s annual salary into the plan on a pre-tax basis. The profit sharing percentage was determined by the AES Board of Directors on an annual basis. Employer contributions (by IPL) relating to the RSP were million , million and million for 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. 
 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 
 Approximately of IPL s active employees are covered by the qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan; while approximately of active employees are IBEW clerical-technical unit employees who are only eligible for the Thrift Plan. The remaining of active employees are covered by the RSP. All non-union new hires are covered under the RSP, while IBEW physical unit union new hires are covered under the Defined Benefit Pension Plan and Thrift Plan. The IBEW clerical-technical unit new hires are no longer covered under the Defined Benefit Pension Plan but do receive an annual lump sum company contribution into the Thrift Plan, in addition to the company match. The Defined Benefit Pension Plan is noncontributory and is funded by IPL through a trust. Benefits for non-union participants in the Defined Benefit Pension Plan are based on salary, years of service and accrued benefits at April 1, 2015. Benefits for eligible union participants are based on each individual employee's pension band and years of service as opposed to their compensation. Pension bands are based primarily on job duties and responsibilities. 
 
 Additionally, a small group of former officers and their surviving spouses are covered under a funded non-qualified Supplemental Retirement Plan. The total number of participants in the plan as of December 31, 2019 was . The plan is closed to new participants. 
 
 IPL also provides postretirement health care benefits to certain active or retired employees and the spouses of certain active or retired employees. Approximately active employees and retirees (including spouses) were receiving such benefits or entitled to future benefits as of January 1, 2019. The plan is unfunded. These postretirement health care benefits and the related unfunded obligation of million and million at December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively, were not material to the consolidated financial statements in the periods covered by this report. 

122 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial loss/(gain) 

() 
 Amendments (primarily increases in pension bands) 

Curtailments (1) 

Benefits paid 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Projected benefit obligation at December 31 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at January 1 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 
 Employer contributions 

Benefits paid 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Fair value of plan assets at December 31 

Unfunded status 

() 

() 
 Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position: 

Noncurrent liabilities 

() 

() 
 Net amount recognized at end of year 

() 

() 
 Sources of change in regulatory assets (2) : 

Prior service cost arising during period 

Net (gain)/loss arising during period 
 
 () 

Amortization of prior service cost 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Amortization of loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Total recognized in regulatory assets 

() 

() 
 Amounts included in regulatory assets: 

Net loss 

Prior service cost 

Total amounts included in regulatory assets 

(1) 
 As a result of the announced AES restructuring in the first quarter of 2018, we recognized a plan curtailment of million in the first quarter of 2018. 
 (2) 
 Amounts that would otherwise be charged/credited to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss upon application of ASC 715, Compensation Retirement Benefits, are recorded as a regulatory asset or liability because IPL has historically recovered and currently recovers pension and other postretirement benefit expenses in rates. These are unrecognized amounts not yet recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs. 

123 

Plan assets 

Benefit obligation in excess of plan assets 

IPL s total benefit obligation in excess of plan assets was million as of December 31, 2019 million Defined Benefit Pension Plan and million Supplemental Retirement Plan). 
 
 Information for Pension Plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets 

Plan assets 

Accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets 

IPL s total accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets was million as of December 31, 2019 million Defined Benefit Pension Plan and million Supplemental Retirement Plan). 
 
 Significant Gains and Losses Related to Changes in the Benefit Obligation for the Period 
 
 As shown in the table above, an actuarial loss of million increased the benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2019 and an actuarial gain of million reduced the benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2018. The actuarial loss in 2019 was primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate, while the actuarial gain in 2018 was primarily due to an increase in the discount rate. 
 
 Pension Benefits and Expense 
 
 Reported expenses relevant to the Defined Benefit Pension Plan are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience, including the performance of plan assets and actual benefits paid out in future years. Pension costs associated with the Defined Benefit Pension Plan are impacted by the level of contributions made to the plan, earnings on plan assets, the adoption of new mortality tables, and employee demographics, including age, job responsibilities, salary and employment periods. Changes made to the provisions of the Defined Benefit Pension Plan may impact current and future pension costs. Pension costs may also be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions, including anticipated rates of return on plan assets and the corporate bond discount rates, as well as, the adoption of a new mortality table used in determining the projected benefit obligation and pension costs. 
 
 The 2019 net actuarial gain of million recognized in regulatory assets is comprised of two parts: (1) a million pension asset actuarial gain primarily due to higher than expected return on assets; partially offset by (2) an million pension liability actuarial loss primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate used to value pension liabilities. The unrecognized net loss of million in the Pension Plans has accumulated over time primarily due to the long-term declining trend in corporate bond rates and the adoption of new mortality tables which increased the expected benefit obligation due to the longer expected lives of plan participants. During 2019, the accumulated net gain increased due to lower discount rates used to value pension liabilities, which was partially offset by a combination of higher than expected return on pension assets, as well as the year 2019 amortization of accumulated loss. The unrecognized net loss, to the extent that it exceeds of the greater of the benefit obligation or the assets, will be amortized and included as a component of net periodic benefit cost in future years. The amortization period is approximately years based on estimated demographic data as of December 31, 
 
 124 

million less the fair value of assets of million results in an unfunded status of million at December 31, 2019 . 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Amortization of prior service cost 

Recognized actuarial loss 

Recognized settlement loss 

Total pension cost 

Less: amounts capitalized 

Amount charged to expense 

Rates relevant to each year s expense calculations: 

Discount rate defined benefit pension plan 

Discount rate supplemental retirement plan 

Expected return on defined benefit pension plan assets 

Expected return on supplemental retirement plan assets 

Pension expense for the following year is determined as of the December 31 measurement date based on the fair value of the Pension Plans assets, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, a mortality table assumption that reflects the life expectancy of plan participants, and a discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation. For 2019 , pension expense was determined using an assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets of . As of the December 31, 2019 measurement date, IPL decreased the discount rate from to for the Defined Benefit Pension Plan and decreased the discount rate from to for the Supplemental Retirement Plan. The discount rate assumptions affect the pension expense determined for 2020. In addition, IPL increased the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets from to effective January 1, 2020. The expected long-term rate of return assumption affects the pension expense determined for 2020 . The effect on 2020 total pension expense of a basis point increase and decrease in the assumed discount rate is ) million and million , respectively. 
 
 In determining the discount rate to use for valuing liabilities we use the market yield curve on high-quality fixed income investments as of December 31, 2019 . We project the expected benefit payments under the plan based on participant data and based on certain assumptions concerning mortality, retirement rates, termination rates, etc. The expected benefit payments for each year are discounted back to the measurement date using the appropriate spot rate for each half-year from the yield curve, thereby obtaining a present value of all expected future benefit payments using the yield curve. Finally, an equivalent single discount rate is determined which produces a present value equal to the present value determined using the full yield curve. 
 
 Pension Plan Assets and Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Pension plan assets consist of investments in cash and cash equivalents, government debt securities, and mutual funds (equity and debt). Differences between actual portfolio returns and expected returns may result in increased or reduced pension costs in future periods. Pension costs are determined as of the plans' measurement date of December 31, 2019 . Pension costs are determined for the following year based on the market value of pension plan assets, expected employer contributions, a discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. 
 
 Fair value is defined under ASC 820 as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., an exit price). The fair value 
 
 125 

Debt Securities 

126 

Government debt securities 

Mutual fund - equities 

Mutual fund - debt 

Total (1) 

(1) 
 In 2019, the qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan moved all investments except for cash and cash equivalents into collective trusts; therefore, the 2019 balances under the Government debt securities, Mutual fund - equities, and Mutual fund - debt categories shown above as level 2 represent investments through collective trusts. The Defined Benefit Pension Plan has chosen collective trusts for which the underlying investments are mutual funds, mutual funds categories for which debt securities are the primary underlying investment, or real estate in alignment with the target asset allocation. 

Fair Value Measurements at 

December 31, 2018 

(in thousands) 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 
 
 Significant Observable Inputs 

Asset Category 
 
 Total 
 
 (Level 1) 
 
 (Level 2) 

Short-term investments 

Mutual funds: 

U.S. equities 

International equities 

Fixed income 

Fixed income securities: 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Total 

Pension Funding 
 
 IPL contributed million , million , and million to the Pension Plans in 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. Funding for the qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan is based upon actuarially determined contributions that take into account the amount deductible for income tax purposes and the minimum contribution required under ERISA, as amended by the Pension Protection Act of 2006, as well as targeted funding levels necessary to meet certain thresholds. 
 
 From an ERISA funding perspective, IPL s funded target liability percentage was estimated to be . In general, IPL must contribute the normal service cost earned by active participants during the plan year; however, this amount can be offset by any surplus or credit balance carried by the Pension Plan. The normal cost is expected to be approximately million in 2020 (including million for plan expenses), which is expected to be fully offset by the surplus amount. Each year thereafter, if the Pension Plans' underfunding increases to more than the present value of the remaining annual installments, the excess is separately amortized over a seven-year period. IPL does not expect to make an employer contribution for the calendar year 2020. IPL s funding policy for the Pension Plans is to contribute annually no less than the minimum required by applicable law, and no more than the maximum amount that can be deducted for federal income tax purposes. 

127 

million , million and million , respectively. Expected benefit payments are expected to be paid out of the Pension Plans as follows: 

2021 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2024 through 2028 

10. 
 primarily coal-fired electric generating facilities at the time, dating back to 1986. The alleged violations primarily pertain to the PSD and nonattainment New Source Review requirements under the CAA. In addition, on October 1, 2015, IPL received a NOV from the EPA pursuant to CAA Section 113(a) alleging violations of the CAA, the Indiana SIP, and the Title V operating permit related to alleged particulate matter and opacity violations at IPL Petersburg Unit 3. Also, on February 5, 2016, the EPA issued a NOV pursuant to CAA Section 113(a) alleging violations of New Source Review and other CAA regulations, the Indiana SIP, and the Title V operating permit at Petersburg Generating Station. Since receiving the letters, IPL management has been working with the EPA staff regarding possible resolutions of the NOVs. Settlements and litigated outcomes of similar New Source Review cases have required companies to pay civil penalties, install additional pollution control technology on coal-fired electric generating units, retire existing generating units, and invest in additional environmental projects. A similar outcome in these cases could have a material impact on our business. At this time, IPL cannot determine whether these NOVs could have a material impact on its business, financial condition and results of operations. IPL would seek recovery of any operating or capital expenditures, but not fines or penalties, related to air pollution control technology to reduce regulated air emissions; however, there can be no assurances that IPL would be successful in recovering any operating or capital expenditures. IPL has recorded a contingent liability related to these New Source Review cases and other CAA NOV matters. 

128 

11. 
 million per occurrence deductible. Except for IPL s large substations, IPL does not carry insurance on transmission and distribution assets, which are considered to be outside the scope of property insurance. AES and other AES subsidiaries, including IPL, also participate in the AES global insurance program. IPL pays premiums for a policy that is written and administered by a third-party insurance company. The premiums paid to this third-party administrator by the participants are paid to AES Global Insurance Company and all claims are paid from a trust fund funded by and owned by AES Global Insurance Company, but controlled by the third-party administrator. IPL also has third-party insurance in which the premiums are paid directly to the third-party insurers. The cost to IPL of coverage under this program with AES Global Insurance Company was approximately million , million , and million in 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively, and is recorded in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , IPL had prepaid approximately million and million , respectively, which is recorded in Prepayments and other current assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 IPL participates in an agreement with Health and Welfare Benefit Plans LLC, an affiliate of AES, to participate in a group benefits program, including but not limited to, health, dental, vision and life benefits. Health and Welfare Benefit Plans LLC administers the financial aspects of the group insurance program, receives all premium payments from the participating affiliates, and makes all vendor payments. The cost of coverage under this program was approximately million , million , and million in 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively, and is recorded in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. IPL had no prepaids for coverage under this plan as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. 
 
 AES files federal and state income tax returns which consolidate IPALCO and its subsidiaries, including IPL. Under a tax sharing agreement with IPALCO, IPL is responsible for the income taxes associated with its own taxable income and records the provision for income taxes using a separate return method. IPL had a receivable under this agreement of million and million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively, which is recorded in Prepayments and other current assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Long-term Compensation Plan 
 
 During 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , many of IPL s non-union employees received benefits under the AES Long-term Compensation Plan, a deferred compensation program. This type of plan is a common employee retention tool used in our industry. Benefits under this plan are granted in the form of performance units payable in cash and AES restricted stock units. Restricted stock units vest ratably over a three-year period. The performance units payable in cash vest at the end of the three-year performance period and are subject to certain AES performance criteria. Total deferred compensation expense recorded during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 was million , million and million , respectively, and was included in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on IPL s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The value of these benefits is being recognized over the 36 month vesting period and a portion is recorded as miscellaneous deferred credits with the remainder recorded as Paid in capital on IPL s Consolidated Balance Sheets in accordance with ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation. 
 
 See also Note 9, Benefit Plans to the audited consolidated financial statements of IPL for a description of benefits awarded to IPL employees by AES under the RSP. 
 
 Service Company 
 
 Total costs incurred by the Service Company on behalf of IPL were million , million and million during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. Total costs incurred by IPL on behalf of the Service Company during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 were million , million and million , respectively, which are included as a reduction to charges from the Service Company. These costs were included in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on IPL s Consolidated Statements of Operations. IPL had a payable balance with the Service Company of million and 3.8 million as of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 , respectively, which is recorded in Accounts payable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

129 

million . This vendor completed its service in 2018. 
 
 Additionally, transactions with various other related parties were million , million and million during 2019 , 2018 and 2017 , respectively. These expenses were primarily recorded in Operating expenses - Operation and maintenance on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

12. 
 reportable segment. 

13. REVENUE 

130 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. T 

Other retail revenues (1) 

Wholesale Revenues 

Miscellaneous Revenues 

Transmission and other revenue from contracts with customers 

Other miscellaneous revenues (2) 

Total Revenues 

(1) Other retail revenue represents alternative revenue programs not accounted for under ASC 606 
 (2) Other miscellaneous revenue includes lease and other miscellaneous revenues not accounted for under ASC 606 
 
 The balances of receivables from contracts with customers are million and million as of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, respectively. Payment terms for all receivables from contracts with customers typically do not extend beyond 30 days. 
 
 IPL has elected to apply the optional disclosure exemptions under ASC 606. Therefore, IPL has not included disclosure pertaining to revenue expected to be recognized in any future year related to remaining performance obligations, as we exclude contracts with an original length of one year or less, contracts for which we recognize revenue based on the amount we have the right to invoice for services performed, and contracts with variable consideration allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation when the consideration relates specifically to our efforts to satisfy the performance obligation and depicts the amount to which IPL expects to be entitled. 

14. LEASES 
 
 LESSEE 
 
 The Company enters into long-term non-cancelable lease arrangements which are classified as either operating or finance leases; however, lease balances were not material to the Financial Statements in the periods covered by this report. 
 
 LESSOR 
 
 The Company is the lessor under operating leases for land, office space and operating equipment. Minimum lease payments from such contracts are recognized as operating lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the lease term whereas contingent rentals are recognized when earned. Lease revenue included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations was 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 . Underlying gross assets and accumulated depreciation of operating leases included in Total net property, plant and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheet were 4.3 million and 0.7 million , respectively, as of December 31, 2019 . 
 
 The option to extend or terminate a lease is based on customary early termination provisions in the contract. The Company has not recognized any early terminations as of December 31, 2019 . 

131 

The following table shows the future minimum lease receipts through 2024 and thereafter (in thousands): 
 
 Operating Leases 
 2020 
 
 941 
 
 2021 
 994 
 
 2022 
 906 
 
 2023 
 906 
 
 2024 
 786 
 
 Thereafter 
 2,628 
 
 Total 
 
 7,161 

132 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 The Company carried out the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b), under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon this evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that as of December 31, 2019, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements are prevented or detected timely. 
 
 Management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. In addition, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls is subject to risks that those internal controls may become inadequate in future periods because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures deteriorates. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019. In 
 making this assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the COSO in 2013. Based on this assessment, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: 
 
 During the second quarter of 2019, we implemented a new core enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, which we expect to enhance our system of internal controls over financial reporting. As a result of this implementation, we modified certain existing internal controls as well as implemented new controls and procedures related to the new ERP. We continued to evaluate the design and operating effectiveness of these internal controls during the fourth quarter of 2019. 

133 

Except with respect to the implementation of the ERP, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred in the quarter ending December 31, 2019 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item with respect to Directors and Executive Officers of IPALCO will be set forth under the captions Directors and Executive Officers in IPALCO s Proxy Statement to be furnished to shareholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item for IPALCO with respect to the identification of the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee financial expert and the registrant s code of ethics will be set forth under the caption Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item for IPALCO will be set forth under the caption Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item for IPALCO will be set forth under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item for IPALCO will be set forth under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

134 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The Financial Audit Committee of AES pre-approves the audit and non-audit services provided by the independent auditors for itself and its subsidiaries, including IPALCO and its subsidiaries. The AES Financial Audit Committee maintained its policy established in 2002 within which to judge if the independent auditor may be eligible to provide certain services outside of its main role as outside auditor. Services within the established framework include audit and related services and certain tax services. Services outside of the framework require AES Financial Audit Committee approval prior to the performance of the service. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 addresses auditor independence and this framework is consistent with the provisions of the Act. No services performed by the independent auditor with respect to IPALCO and its subsidiaries were approved after the fact by the AES Financial Audit Committee other than those that were considered to be de minimis and approved in accordance with Regulation 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) to Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act. 
 
 In addition to the pre-approval policies of the AES Financial Audit Committee, the IPALCO Board of Directors has established a pre-approval policy for audit, audit related, and certain tax and other non-audit services. The Board of Directors will specifically approve the annual audit services engagement letter, including terms and fees, with the independent auditor. Other audit, audit related and tax consultation services are specifically identified in the pre-approval policy and the policy is subject to review at least annually. This pre-approval allows management to request the specified services on an as-needed basis during the year. Any such services are reviewed with the Board of Directors on a timely basis. Any audit or non-audit services that involve a service not listed on the pre-approval list must be specifically approved by the Board of Directors prior to commencement of such work. No services were approved after the fact by the IPALCO Board of Directors other than those that were considered to be de minimis and approved in accordance with Regulation 2-01 (c)(7)(i)(c) to Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Audit fees are fees billed or expected to be billed by our principal accountant for professional services for the audit of the Financial Statements, included in IPALCO s annual report on Form 10-K and review of financial statements included in IPALCO s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory, regulatory or other filings or engagements or any other service performed to comply with generally accepted auditing standards and include comfort and consent letters in connection with SEC filings and financing transactions. 
 
 The following table lists fees billed to IPALCO for products and services provided by our principal accountants: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2019 
 
 2018 
 Audit Fees 

1,021,700 

929,600 
 
 Audit Related Fees: 

Fees for the audit of IPL s employee benefit plans 
 
 61,200 

60,000 
 
 Assurance services for debt offering documents 

68,000 
 
 Fees for tax services 

Other 
 
 8,500 

17,000 
 
 Total Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

1,091,400 

1,074,600 

135 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Index to the financial statements, supplementary data and financial statement schedules 
 IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 
 55 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 58 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 
 Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 140 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
 148 

Indianapolis Power Light Company and Subsidiary Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 95 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 96 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 97 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 98 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder s Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 99 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 100 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
 148 

136 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 Document 
 3.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.1 to IPALCO s Form 8-K dated as of February 18, 2015) 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.2 to IPALCO s Form 8-K dated as of February 18, 2015) 
 4.1 
 Pledge Agreement between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. dated as of November 14, 2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No 4.1 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 4.2 
 Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of May 1, 1940, between IPL and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, NA, as successor in interest to American National Bank Trust Company of Chicago, Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.2 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 4.3 
 The following supplemental indentures to the Mortgage and Deed of Trust referenced in 4.2 above: 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 1949 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 1960 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 
 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 15, 1974 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 
 Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 
 Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 
 Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 
 Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 
 Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 
 Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s December 31, 2011 Form 10-K) 
 
 Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to IPALCO s June 30, 2013 Form 10-Q) 
 
 Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to IPALCO s June 30, 2014 Form 10-Q) 
 
 Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on September 28, 2015) 
 
 Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to IPALCO s June 30, 2016 Form 10-Q) 
 
 Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO s December 31, 2016 Form 10-K) 
 
 Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to IPALCO's December 31, 2018 Form 10-K) 
 4.5 
 Indenture between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Trustee, dated June 25, 2015 for IPALCO s 3.45 Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to IPALCO s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 25, 2015) 
 4.6 
 Pledge Agreement Supplement between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Collateral Agent, dated June 25, 2015 to the Pledge Agreement between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company dated November 14, 2001, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to IPALCO s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2015) 
 4.7 
 Indenture between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Trustee, dated August 22, 2017 for IPALCO s 3.70 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to IPALCO s August 22, 2017 Form 8-K) 
 4.8 
 Pledge Agreement Supplement between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon trust Company, N.A., as Collateral Agent, dated August 22, 2017 to the Pledge Agreement between IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company dated November 14, 2001, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.2 to IPALCO s August 22, 2017 Form 8-K) 
 10.1 
 Interconnection Agreement, dated April 1, 2008, between American Electric Power Service Corporation, as agent for Indiana Michigan Power Company, and IPL (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 10.2 
 Interconnection Agreement, dated December 2, 1969, between IPL and Southern Indiana Gas and Electric Company as modified through Modification Number 11 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 

137 

10.3 
 Interconnection Agreement dated December 1, 1981, between IPL and Hoosier Energy Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc., as modified through Modification 6 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.3 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 10.4 
 Tenth Supplemental Agreement to the Interconnection Agreement between IPL and PSI Energy, Inc., dated as of June 26, 2002, amending and completely restating prior agreements (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.4 to IPALCO s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2011) 
 10.5 
 250,000,000 Revolving Credit Facility Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 19, 2019, among Indianapolis Power Light Company, each lender from time to time party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Joint Bookrunner and Joint Lead Arranger, U.S. Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, Joint Bookrunner and Joint Lead Arranger and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. and Fifth Third Bank, as Co-Documentation Agents (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to IPALCO's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2019) 
 
 10.6 
 Subscription Agreement by and between IPALCO and CDP Infrastructures Fund G.P., a wholly owned subsidiary of La Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec dated December 14, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to IPALCO s December 31, 2014 10-K/A) 
 10.7 
 IPALCO s Shareholders Agreement by and among AES U.S. Investments, Inc., IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. and CDP Infrastructures Fund G.P. dated as of February 11, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to IPALCO s March 31, 2015 10-Q) 
 10.8 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among IPL, the Lenders party thereto, Fifth Third Bank, as syndication agent, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as documentation agent and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, dated as of October 16, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to IPALCO s September 30, 2015 10-Q) 
 
 10.9 
 Loan Agreement between Indiana Financing Authority and Indianapolis Power Light Company relating to 30,000,000 Environmental Facilities Refunding Revenue Notes, Series 2015A (Indianapolis Power Light Company Project) and 60,000,000 Environmental Facilities Refunding Revenue Notes, Series 2015B (Indianapolis Power Light Company Project) dated as of December 1, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to IPALCO s December 31, 2015 10-K) 
 
 10.10 
 Note Purchase and Covenants Agreement by and among Indianapolis Power Light Company the Lenders Party Hereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent relating to 30,000,000 Indiana Finance Authority Environmental Facilities Refunding Revenue Notes, Series 2015A (Indianapolis Power Light Company Project) and 60,000,000 Indiana Finance Authority Environmental Facilities Refunding Revenue Notes, Series 2015B (Indianapolis Power Light Company Project) dated as of December 22, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to IPALCO s December 31, 2015 10-K) 
 
 10.11 
 Second Amendment dated as of April 22, 2016 to Credit Agreement by and among IPL, the Lenders party thereto, Fifth Third Bank, as syndication agent, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as document agent and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, dated as of May 6, 2014, as amended by First Amendment thereto dated as of October 16, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to IPALCO s June 30, 2016 10-Q) 
 
 10.12 
 First Amendment dated as of April 29, 2016 to Note Purchase and Covenants Agreement by and among IPL, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent relating to 30,000,000 Indiana Finance Authority Environmental Facilities Refunding Revenue Notes, Series 2015A (Indianapolis Power Light Company Project) and 60,000,000 Indiana Finance Authority Environmental Facilities Refunding Revenue Notes, Series 2015B (Indianapolis Power Light Company Project) dated as of December 22, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.3 to IPALCO s June 30, 2016 10-Q) 
 10.13 
 The AES Corporation 2003 Long Term Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, dated April 23, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of The AES Corporation s Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2015) 
 10.14 
 The AES Corporation Performance Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on April 23, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of The AES Corporation s Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2015) 
 10.15 
 The AES Corporation Severance Plan, as amended and restated on August 4, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of The AES Corporation s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017) 
 10.16 
 The AES Corporation Restoration Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of The AES Corporation s Form S-8 filed on August 6, 2019) 

10.17 
 Form of AES Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under The AES Corporation 2003 Long Term Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of The AES Corporation s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015) 
 10.18 
 Form of AES Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under The AES Corporation 2003 Long Term Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of The AES Corporation s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015) 
 10.19 
 Form of AES Performance Unit Award Agreement under The AES Corporation 2003 Long Term Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of The AES Corporation s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015) 
 10.20 
 Form of AES Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under The AES Corporation 2003 Long Term Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of The AES Corporation s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015) 
 10.21 
 Form of AES Performance Cash Unit Award Agreement under The AES Corporation 2003 Long Term Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of The AES Corporation s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015) 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to IPALCO's December 31, 2018 Form 10-K) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

138 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document (furnished herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (furnished herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (furnished herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (furnished herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 

139 

(c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Schedules other than those listed below are omitted as the information is either not applicable, not required, or has been furnished in the financial statements or notes thereto included in Item 8 hereof. 

SCHEDULE I CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 Unconsolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In Thousands) 

December 31, 

2019 
 
 2018 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepayments and other current assets 

Total current assets 

OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Deferred tax asset long term 

Other non-current assets 

Total other non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Short-term and current portion of long-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Accrued taxes 

Accrued interest 

Accrued and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Long-term debt 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 () 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Total shareholders' equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

See notes to Schedule I. 

140 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 Unconsolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In Thousands) 

2019 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 OTHER INCOME / (EXPENSE), NET: 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

Interest expense 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

() 
 Other income / (expense), net 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total other income / (expense), net 

EARNINGS FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAX 

Less: income tax expense / (benefit) 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 NET INCOME 

See notes to Schedule I. 
 
 141 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 Unconsolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 
 (In Thousands) 
 
 2019 
 2018 
 2017 

Net income 

Derivative activity: 

Change in derivative fair value, net of income tax benefit of 6,810, 0 and 0, for each respective period 
 () 

Net change in fair value of derivatives 
 () 

Other comprehensive loss 
 () 

Net comprehensive income 

See notes to Schedule I. 

142 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 Unconsolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In Thousands) 

2019 
 
 2018 
 
 2017 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATIONS: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash 

provided by operating activities: 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Cash dividends received from subsidiary companies 

Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt premium 

Deferred income taxes net 

() 

Charges related to early extinguishment of debt 

Change in certain assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

() 
 
 () 
 Accrued and other current liabilities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other net 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Investment in subsidiaries 

() 

Other 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Long-term borrowings, net of discount 

Retirement of long-term debt and early tender premium 

() 
 Distributions to shareholders 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Other 

() 
 
 () 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest (net of amount capitalized) 

Income taxes 

See notes to Schedule I. 
 
 143 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 Unconsolidated Statements of Common Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 (In Thousands) 

Paid in Capital 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total 
 Balance at January 1, 2017 

() 

Net income 

Distributions to shareholders 

() 
 
 () 
 Other 

Balance at December 31, 2017 

() 

Net income 

Distributions to shareholders 

() 
 
 () 
 Other 

Balance at December 31, 2018 

() 

Net comprehensive income 

() 

Distributions to shareholders 
 
 () 

() 
 
 () 
 Other 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

1) IPALCO made return of capital payments of 7.2 million in 2019 for the portion of current year distributions to shareholders in excess of current year net income. 

See notes to Schedule I. 

144 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 Notes to Schedule I 

1. 

(a) 
 Refers to whether the derivative instruments have been designated as a cash flow hedge. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 
 As part of our risk management processes, we identify the relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The fair values of cash flow hedges determined by current public market prices will continue to fluctuate with changes in market prices up to contract expiration. With the adoption of ASU 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities effective January 1, 2019, we are no longer required to calculate effectiveness and thus the entire change in the fair value of a hedging instrument is now recorded in other comprehensive income and amounts deferred are reclassified to earnings in the same income statement line as the hedged item in the period in which it settles. 
 
 In March 2019, we entered into forward interest rate swaps to hedge the interest risk associated with refinancing future debt. The interest rate swaps have a combined notional amount of million and will be settled when the associated debt is refinanced. The AOCI associated with the interest rate swaps will be amortized out of AOCI into interest expense over the remaining life of the underlying debt. 
 
 We use the income approach to value the swaps, which consists of forecasting future cash flows based on contractual notional amounts and applicable and available market data as of the valuation date. The most common market data inputs used in the income approach include volatilities, spot and forward benchmark interest rates (LIBOR). Forward rates with the same tenor as the derivative instrument being valued are generally obtained from published sources, with these forward rates being assessed quarterly at a portfolio-level for reasonableness versus comparable published rates. We will reclassify gains and losses on the swaps out of AOCI and into earnings in those periods in which hedged interest payments occur. 

145 

Net losses associated with current period hedging transactions 
 
 () 
 Ending accumulated derivative loss in AOCI 

() 

Portion expected to be reclassified to earnings in the next twelve months 

Maximum length of time that we are hedging our exposure to variability in future cash flows related to forecasted transactions (in months) 

When applicable, IPALCO has elected not to offset derivative assets and liabilities and not to offset net derivative positions against the right to reclaim cash collateral pledged (an asset) or the obligation to return cash collateral received (a liability) under derivative agreements. As of December 31, 2019 , IPALCO did not have any offsetting positions. 
 
 The following table summarizes the fair value, balance sheet classification and hedging designation of IPALCO's derivative instruments: 

December 31, 
 Commodity 
 Hedging Designation 
 
 Balance sheet classification 
 
 2019 
 
 2018 
 Interest rate hedges 
 Cash Flow Hedge 
 
 Accrued and other current liabilities 

26,560 

3. 

3.45 Senior Secured Notes 
 
 July 2020 

3.70 Senior Secured Notes 
 
 September 2024 

Unamortized discount net 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Deferred financing costs net 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 Total long-term debt 

Less: current portion of long-term debt 

Net long-term debt 

IPALCO Term Loan 
 
 On October 31, 2018, IPALCO closed on a new Term Loan consisting of a million credit facility maturing July 1, 2020. The term Loan is variable rate and is secured by IPALCO s pledge of all the outstanding common stock of IPL. The lien on the pledged shares is shared equally and ratably with IPALCO s existing senior secured notes. The Term Loan proceeds were used to repay amounts due under IPL's Credit Agreement and for general corporate purposes. 

146 

million 2024 IPALCO Notes pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The 2024 IPALCO Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture dated August 22, 2017, by and between IPALCO and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee. The 2024 IPALCO Notes were priced to the public at of the principal amount. Net proceeds to IPALCO were approximately million after deducting underwriting costs and estimated offering expenses. These costs are being amortized to the maturity date using the effective interest method. We used the net proceeds from this offering, together with cash on hand, to redeem the million 2018 IPALCO Notes on September 21, 2017, and to pay certain related fees, expenses and make-whole premiums. A loss on early extinguishment of debt of million for the 2018 IPALCO Notes is included as a separate line item in the accompanying Unconsolidated Statements of Operations. 

147 

SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES 

Year ended December 31, 2018 

Accumulated Provisions Deducted from 

Assets Doubtful Accounts 

Year ended December 31, 2017 

Accumulated Provisions Deducted from 

Assets Doubtful Accounts 

Year ended December 31, 2018 

Accumulated Provisions Deducted from 

Assets Doubtful Accounts 

Year ended December 31, 2017 

Accumulated Provisions Deducted from 

Assets Doubtful Accounts 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 148 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 (Registrant) 
 
 Date: February 27, 2020 /s/ Barry J. Bentley 
 Barry J. Bentley 
 Interim President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 
 /s/ Barry J. Bentley 
 
 Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Barry J. Bentley 

/s/ Kenneth J. Zagzebski 
 
 Director and Chairman 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Kenneth J. Zagzebski 

/s/ Sanjeev Addala 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Sanjeev Addala 

/s/ Paul L. Freedman 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Paul L. Freedman 

/s/ Mark E. Miller 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Mark E. Miller 

/s/ Marc Michael 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Marc Michael 

/s/ Gustavo Pimenta 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Gustavo Pimenta 

/s/ Lisa Krueger 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Lisa Krueger 

/s/ Vincent Parisi 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Vincent Parisi 

/s/ Fr d ric Lesage 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Fr d ric Lesage 

/s/ Antoine Reze 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Antoine Reze 

/s/ Gustavo Garavaglia 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Gustavo Garavaglia 

/s/ Karin M. Nyhuis 
 
 Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 27, 2020 
 Karin M. Nyhuis 

Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15 (d) of the Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act 
 
 No annual report or proxy material has been sent to security holders. 
 
 149 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a201910-kexhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Barry J. Bentley, certify that: 
 1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2020 /s/ Barry J. Bentley 
 Barry J. Bentley 
 Interim President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a201910-kexhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Gustavo Garavaglia, certify that: 
 1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2020 /s/ Gustavo Garavaglia 
 Gustavo Garavaglia 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a201910-kexhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (the Report for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 Barry J. Bentley, Chief Executive Officer of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. IPALCO ), certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 
 1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of IPALCO. 

Date: February 27, 2020 /s/ Barry J. Bentley 
 Barry J. Bentley 
 Interim President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to IPALCO and will be retained by IPALCO and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a201910-kexhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (the Report for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 Gustavo Garavaglia, Chief Financial Officer of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. IPALCO ), certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 
 1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of IPALCO. 

Date: February 27, 2020 /s/ Gustavo Garavaglia 
 Gustavo Garavaglia 
 Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to IPALCO and will be retained by IPALCO and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ipl-20191231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ipl-20191231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ipl-20191231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ipl-20191231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ipl-20191231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

