<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20200529_10-K_edgar_data_1612188_0001079973-20-000464.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2284580</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>136960</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>167415</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>712250</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>681427</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>525235</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-20-000464.hdr.sgml : 20200529
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20200529162602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-20-000464
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200529
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200529

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TEO FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001612188
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				471209532
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-226801
		FILM NUMBER:		20928291

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		455 54TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92114
		BUSINESS PHONE:		619-269-5850

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		455 54TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92114

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-20-000464.txt : 20200529

10-K
 1
 teo_10k-123119.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

x ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2019 

o TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

For the transition
period from ________________ to _______________ 

333-226801 

 (Commission file
number) 

TEO FOODS
INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 
 
 47-1209532 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

2739 Via Orange
Way #110 

 Spring
Valley, CA, 91978 

 (619) 758
1973 

 (Address
and telephone number of principal executive offices) 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No x 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes x No o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). .
 Yes x No o 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in the definitive proxy or information statement incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or, any amendment to Form 10-K. Yes x No o 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting
company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 o 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 x 

Emerging growth company 
 x 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o 
No x 

The aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2019, was 266,474. 

As
of May 29, 2020, there were 12,622,245 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TEO Foods
Inc. 

 Index 

Page
 
 Number 
 
 PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Description of Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff
 Comments 
 
 9 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 9 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 9 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 9 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity,
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 10 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 10 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 11 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
 Market Risk 
 
 12 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants
 on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 16 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 16 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 16 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance 
 
 17 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 19 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 21 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
 and Director Independence 
 
 21 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 22 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 23 

Item 16. 
 Form 10K Summary 
 
 23 

SIGNATURES 
 
 24 

2 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual
Report on Form 10-K (including the section regarding Management's Discussion and Analysis and Results of Operation) contains forward-looking
statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, 
 anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates 
and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not deemed to
represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally,
statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements. 

Although forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based
on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties
and our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of several factors, including but not limited to, our ability to obtain necessary equity or debt financing to continue
operations, and ultimately our ability to generate profit from sales of packaged food products. Readers are urged not to place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We undertake
no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after
the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the
various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this Annual Report. 

PART I 

Item 1. Description
of Business 

General 

 Teo Foods Inc. TEO Foods or the Company intends to produce and sell packaged food products for retail in the frozen,
refrigerated and shelf stable categories. The Company has a license to use the TEO name and logo on food products it sells and
to apply the TEO pasteurization/sterilization processes to its products for improved shelf life and safety. 

The Company
intends to sell packaged food products under our brands in the refrigerated meal and meal component categories. The initial markets
are domestically and in Mexico. We are also utilizing our production capacities to co-pack for other brands sold domestically and
in Mexico. 

On January 31,
2019, we completed an acquisition of Commercial Targa S.A. De C.V. Targa and several brands of products which included
the NERYS brand primarily sold in Mexico. Targa is located in Tijuana Mexico and produces and sells products in Mexico, which include
the NERYS line of imported California cheese products, along with the acquired brands of frozen pizzas, various pasta meals and
other products sold in the major stores such as Wal-Mart, Soriana, Calimax, Smart Final, OXXO and others. 

In the acquired
facility, we remodeled the cheese processing area, revised production processes, removed and replaced some obsolete equipment at
the facility in Mexico. These improvements resulted in our being able to achieve higher food safety certifications which were required
by Walmart and OXXO in 2019. 

The pizza and
meal processing area were shut down for remodeling and revision of production processes. We began to replace some of the pizza
and meal production equipment as part of the planned remodel during 2019. At year end 2019, we divested the pizza and pasta brands
back to their creator in exchange for cancellation of the purchase equity paid. 

We have acted
on an opportunity to move into a larger facility with newer improvements. Effective October 1, 2019, we were assigned lease rights
to three building suites adjoining our existing suite. We agreed to allow them to be subleased until December 31, 2019, enabling
us to prepare for transferring primary production operations in 2020. In January 2020, we took possession of one of the three units
and have the other two adjoining units leased to a temporary tenant through the building owner until August 2020 to allow us time
to prepare for these additional facilities. 

3 

We created a
new subsidiary BC TEO Foods S.A de C.V. in January 2020, which will operate the new facilities. We have begun to prepare the new
facility to move our cold processing and packaging equipment. We intend for the new facilities to achieve a high food safety certification
in support of access to global markets. 

We transferred
the TEO Pasteurizer/Sterilizer to the new facilities in Mexico for final R D and validation for production. We anticipate placing
the sterilizer in one of the new building units in August 2020. 

In April of 2020, we entered into an agreement
whereby we exchanged certain production equipment and facilities that we did not intend to transfer to the new facility for production
or continue to use thereafter. We transferred the lease of the old production suite, along with certain production equipment and
licensed the Nerys Brand for cheese products in Mexico. In exchange we receive a royalty on the NERYS cheese products sold in Mexico,
a portion of net revenue from all products equivalent to five percent and five percent of the proceeds of any sale of the business. 

We are continuing
to develop our packaged products for initial retail placements in Mexico. We reworked the branding of a frozen 550g lasagna product
the retailers requested and expanded its placements in the Baja region of Mexico. 

We expect that
the production planning, formulation, equipment and supply lead times, testing, validation, branding and sales of the new trayed
meal products will extend into 2021 for a limited regional new product offering. This assumes that we are able to secure additional
capital to purchase the necessary equipment, supplies (trays, film, carton/print materials, etc.) retain consultants/staff and
provide for other costs of production. 

We will maintain
a website located at www.teofoods.com, and electronic copies of our filings with the SEC will be available on our website as soon
as practicable after such material is filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

Product Overview 

 Our product
offering will be single serve and multi-serve entrees and side dishes focusing on convenience items that drive superior margins. 
We will offer varying levels of vegetarian, organic, all natural, ethnic and home-style entrees that command a premium price in
the market place. Each meal will contain a starch and multiple vegetables with an exquisite sauce to compliment the meal. 
Sauce quality will help us differentiate our products along with our unique production process. The vegetables will be high quality
vegetables such as broccoli florets with no stems. (Example: Teriyaki Rice Bowl with Vegetables or Home Style Garlic Mashed
Potatoes). The meals will have universal appeal but will also target specific demographic groups such as vegetarians and
consumers who value organic meals. This type of product was selected based on current trends, our unique production process and
handling requirements needed to process USDA meat components. Secondarily, these products are expected to have higher pricing to
consumers which supports the use of high-quality components and the limited initial production throughput. 

This preliminary
product mix may change prior to initial production based on additional market research and customer input. There is a unique
opportunity to market multiple products, so consumers can mix 'n match meal components such as buying a side dish of
garlic mashed potatoes and a serving of their favorite vegetable in sauce. 

Management will
initially produce single and multi-serve entrees side dishes that have extended shelf life in a refrigerated 
format with the long-term intent to market shelf stable meals. The refrigerated status will allow us to create
critical mass while simultaneously seeking Food and Drug Administration FDA approval for our new production process. 

The total market
for frozen, refrigerated and shelf stable entrees and side dishes is a very dynamic marketplace that welcomes new product ideas. 
We expect the extended shelf life will be embraced by wholesale customers due to supply chain issues of refrigerated foods and
the application of a pasteurization/sterilization process in this category adds a food safety component that is not provided by
other products in this category. 

4 

Benefits
of the Licensed Process and Improved Products 

 Quality, safety
and convenience are what we believe to be the primary benefits to the licensed process. 

The process
is expected to produce sterilized meals in less than 15 minutes of processing time with time at sterilization temperatures targeted
to preserve quality and assure safety. Pasteurization is expected in less processing time. We believe that achieving rapid heat
rise times to sterilization temperature and rapid cool time back to near ambient or refrigerated temperature will produce meals
that have improved taste, texture, color and nutritional values over conventional retort sterilization methods which can subject
the food to high temperatures for an hour or more. 

Our process
utilizes microwave energy to achieve rapid heating of packaged food products. Food packages are filled and sealed using standard
industry systems and enter our system via conveyor. Multiple tuned cavities apply varying power levels to rapidly and evenly heat
the food to the desired temperature. 

Retort methods
place the product in a steam chamber and must rely on thermal transfer of heat from the outer surfaces to reach the center. Like
cooking a roast in a conventional oven, it can take a very long time for the center to reach the desired temperature. 

Microwave energy
penetrates the food and can heat throughout the product with some limitations on depth of penetration and the challenges of overheating
patterns. 

The currently
licensed 200-kilowatt system we intend to use for our products is designed to process twelve-ounce rigid tray packages. The system
may be utilized in different configurations to achieve different levels of pasteurization /sterilization. The tray passing
through the exposure cavities is heated to the desired temperature in about two minutes. 

We believe the
quality related to pasteurized/refrigerated foods will be comparable as these products are not subjected to high sterilization
temperatures for extended periods. These products have a consumer perception of being high quality, healthy and nearly fresh prepared
foods. We believe our products will be of equal or better quality and have a near fresh taste. 

Our products
will have an added safety benefit over many current offerings of refrigerated and frozen products because we will have subjected
the products to pasteurization/sterilization temperatures; killing off resistant microorganisms that may remain viable in many
traditional frozen and refrigerated products. Consumers often put themselves to health risks by failing to heat frozen and refrigerated
products to safe temperatures prior to consumption. Consumers may not realize that the frozen or refrigerated products they are
purchasing may not have undergone any sterilization processes. The importance of warning labels and instructions to cook thoroughly
before eating can go ignored by a consumer heating a meal hastily during a lunch break. 

We believe retailers
and consumers will benefit from our distribution as a refrigerated product due to the extended shelf life we intend to provide.
Our products can be processed at sterilization temperatures and will have packaging with high barrier properties; resulting in
the ability to offer longer shelf life as a refrigerated product. This can result in less waste to the retailer and better quality
to the consumer throughout the shelf life of the product. 

We believe our
products will be less susceptible to distribution variables that can affect safety and quality of frozen and refrigerated products.
Frozen products can thaw and refreeze several times before they are eaten by the consumer. Variation of refrigeration temperatures
during distribution and at the retailers can cause safety risks and quality issues to consumers refrigerated products. 

Once our products
are approved for shelf stable distribution, we expect consumers, customers and retailers to eventually prefer the convenience of
the ambient ready to eat meal versus frozen or refrigerated meals. 

When consumers
become familiar and trust our products as refrigerated, we hope to transition those products out of refrigeration where we expect
consumers to embrace the convenience of a high quality, healthy, ready to eat meal. The ambient meal can be warmed in 30 to 60
seconds. A typical comparable frozen meal can require 5 minutes or more and often requires multiple steps of heating and stirring. 

5 

We will likely
maintain distribution as refrigerated products even after we are approved for shelf stable distribution due to the negative quality
perception and low price point of the existing shelf stable products in the U.S. markets. 

Market Overview 

 The global frozen
food market size was valued at USD 291.3 billion in 2019. Growing importance of Ready-to-Eat (RTE) food products as a result of
hectic lifestyles among working class individuals on a global level is expected to expand the industry size over the next few years.
Moreover, increasing spending on shelf-stable foods among consumers is anticipated to expand the market for frozen food in the
near future. 

The frozen ready
meals segment accounted for more than 30.0 of revenue share in 2019 in the frozen food market. The segment is expected to maintain
its dominance over the forecast period [2020 to 2026] on account of pre-dominant consumption of ready meals among working class
people around the globe. 

Some of the
manufacturers include Wawona Frozen Foods; Bellisio Foods; McCain Foods; ConAgra Foods, Inc.; General Mills, Inc.; and Nestle S.A.
Industry participants have been focusing on ensuring the continuous stock access in the supermarkets and hypermarkets amid the
coronavirus breakdown. In March 2020, the CEO of the Kraft Heinz Co. has officially announced that the company is working hard
for filling the demand supply gap owning to the seismic changes in the food industry. The company confirmed that frozen food, macaroni,
cheese, and vinegar are one of the largest selling products and their demand has been witnessing surge significantly amid coronavirus
breakdown. (https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/frozen-food-market) 

The global ready
meals market size was valued at USD 159.15 billion in 2019 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 5.5 
from 2020 to 2027. Shifting consumers food preferences towards ready-to-eat food products owing to busy lifestyle of working
individuals as well as hectic work schedules of college grads and students is expected to be a key factor for the market growth.
Moreover, growing demand for minimally processed and additive-free food products with extended shelf life is expected to fuel the
market growth. 

In recent years,
the employment has been growing across the globe, which has changed the food preferences of the consumers. Customers around the
globe are more inclining towards food items that can easily be consumed without any efforts. Due to hectic work schedules, people
around the globe are buying Ready-to-Eat (RTE) food products and meals, which are easy to cook and less time consuming. These consumer
food preferences are propelling the demand for ready meals. 

The world is
witnessing the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic since the beginning of 2020. Moreover, from the second month of the year
2020, nearly all the countries around the world have proposed a country level lockdown, which led to the restriction on going outside
their houses. Under this panic situation, consumers are increasingly buying these ready meals owing to their higher shelf life
and convenience in cooking. In addition, ready meals can last a long time, thus leading to the least number of visits to the marketplaces
for the purchase of food products. These global market trends are anticipated to fuel the demand for ready meals in the year 2020. 

Frozen and chilled
meals held the largest revenue share of more than 50.0 in 2019 and are expected to maintain their lead over the forecast period
owing to a wide range of products with high shelf life. Frozen pizza is the most popular frozen ready meal, thereby significantly
contributing to the global revenue. 

Supermarket
and hypermarket held the largest revenue share of 59.4 in 2019 and are expected to maintain their lead over the forecast period.
Some of the largest chains of supermarket and hypermarket, such as Walmart, Tesco, 7Eleven, Apar, and Aldi, are expanding their
stores across the globe. These market giants are increasing their product offerings in order to attract the customers. https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/ready-meals-market) 

We believe we
can market long shelf life refrigerated and shelf stable Ready-to-Eat (RTE) food products and meals that capitalize on consumer
trends with great nutrition, value, taste and texture. 

6 

The Consumer 

 We expect domestic
consumers to have initial reservations regarding ambient ready to eat meals. Consumers are familiar with frozen products of this
type and will likely have quality, taste, health and safety concerns related to sterilization and ambient storage. 

We will initially
market our products as refrigerated. Consumers can transition to accept our ambient product through familiarity with an extended
life refrigerated product. Based on our success with consumers in the refrigerated category we envision having both refrigerated
and shelf stable entrees and sides. Consumers will need to slowly transition to shelf stable entrees and sides once they gain trust
in product quality. An example of this transition in the U.S. market was the marketing of UHT soy and dairy products
in the chilled section of the supermarkets. These products are shelf stable for months but required marketing in the chilled dairy
section to develop sales with U.S. consumers. Slowly we saw these products moved from chilled to the shelf. 

We expect consumers,
customers and retailers to eventually prefer the convenience of the ambient ready to eat meal versus frozen or refrigerated meals.
The meal can be eaten as is or heated. We expect the most popularly used heating method will be in a common home microwave
oven. Consumers are expected to enjoy a more appealing final reheated meal. The ambient meal can be warmed in 30 to 60 seconds.
A typical comparable frozen meal requires 5 minutes or more and often requires multiple steps of heating and stirring. 

Distribution 

 We anticipate
using traditional supply chain partners to get to market. We expect to market products regionally based on our first production
line. Upon regional success, we will add lines when needed to service customers on a national basis. Management believes
our biggest distribution challenge will be creating critical mass to drive reasonable supply chain costs from storage to actual
frequent shipments to customers, so they have acceptable inventory turns. 

Other foodservice,
c-store, vending and military customers may also place our product and force distribution accordingly, but we will still be faced
with supporting reasonable supply chain costs. 

We will initially
distribute all our products as chilled. We have no domestic distribution agreements established at this time. We can distribute
in Mexico through our subsidiary, Targa, and its existing brand placements in grocery and convenience stores. 

Branding 

 We intend to
build a new brand in refrigerated and shelf stable entrees and sides. We will also produce private label products for other
brands and retailers. 

We will be faced
with the traditional challenges of introducing, marketing and gaining consumer acceptance of food products to consumers in highly
competitive markets dominated by mega companies with generationally established brand recognition. 

Management believes
by changing the technology in refrigerated and shelf stable entree product life/shelf life, it is an ideal opportunity to carve
out a new branded position. We view the use of extended refrigerated shelf life and subsequent introduction of quality long-life,
high-quality shelf stable entrees as a means to establish a new brand in the market. The benefit of refining the sterilization
process is a major point of differentiation in the marketplace. We expect to receive limited competitive response since price 
won't be a determining factor due to our extended shelf life and high quality. 

We will brand
and also offer private label to continue the current perception of prepared on premise with national retailers. 
In other segments such as military, c-store, etc., private label may be more prevalent. 

7 

Competition 

 We will be competing
with major food companies that have substantially more resources and influence over retail placements, distribution and supply
chain. 

Mega companies
like Con-Agra, Nestle, Tyson and others dominate the markets and have many brands and products competing for retail shelf space. 

If we are able
to gain a market presence with our unique products and process in the domestic refrigerated category these larger competitors could
utilize their vast resources to develop and market products to compete. 

There is room
for new competitors in both refrigerated and shelf stable entrees sides. Frozen competitors are not expected to view
us as an immediate threat due to the convenience and long life of current frozen food formats. Once retailers embrace our
product offerings due to their long shelf life and as we fine tune our process we expect competitors will then react to us more
aggressively. 

Certain Agreements 

 Our current
agreements consist primarily of business to business agreements. These agreements enable and facilitate the introduction of our
branded products into the market. 

Royalty and
License Agreement 

 On September
30, 2017, the Company entered into a Master Agreement with TEO Inc. TEO ). TEO is the founder and majority controlling
shareholder of the Company. The Master Agreement provides the Company a license to use the TEO name and logo on food products it
sells and to apply TEO's pasteurization/sterilization processes to its products for improved shelf life and safety. Additional
provisions provide the Company production rights to TEO's pasteurizer/sterilizer and rights to lease its own system when certain
sales/production increase. 

Research and Development 

 We do not engage
in research and development activities as part of our business at this time. We will cooperate with TEO Inc. in its research and
development of its pasteurization/sterilization technology pursuant to the terms of the Master Agreement. 

Intellectual Property and Licenses 

 We have a license
agreement with TEO Inc. The Master Agreement provides the Company a license to use the TEO name and logo on food products
it sells and to apply TEO's pasteurization/sterilization processes to its products for improved shelf life and safety. Additional
provisions provide the Company production rights to TEO's pasteurizer/sterilizer and rights to lease its own system when certain
sales/production increase. 

We do not currently
hold Patent rights. We may develop certain recipes and formulae related to our products in the ordinary course of business. We
may develop additional trademark and other branding related intellectual property as we launch and market our products. 

Government Regulation 

 We will be producing
and selling food products in the domestic and international markets. We will be required to comply with various regulations in
each jurisdiction related to food safety and consumer protection. We will be required to comply with regulations related to food
handling, packaging, labeling, storage and shipping. International sales will have to comply with customs regulations. 

We intend to
introduce our initial products in the refrigerated category which does not require regulatory approval. When we choose to proceed
with the introduction of products in the shelf stable category we will be required to have approval from the FDA to sell our products
in the United States as shelf stable. Although, microwave sterilization technology for packaged shelf stable meals was accepted
by FDA in 2010, each process and product application must be approved prior to any sales as shelf stable. 

Obtaining these
approvals can take more than a year and require extensive data and expert support to obtain an approval which with the application
of any novel technology may never be granted. It was a concern for many years that any microwave-based sterilization process would
ever be approved by the FDA given the challenges to validation data where many traditional temperature measurement methods are
incompatible with the application of microwave energy. 

8 

We believe that
the system production data from our sale of products in the refrigerated category will be supportive to an application to the FDA
by TEO Inc. for shelf stable approval. TEO Inc. would make the determination of when to proceed with an application and bear the
costs related to the application. TEO Inc. does not have an application for shelf stable approval pending with the FDA at
this time. 

We are not currently aware of any
pending regulations that would materially impact our operations. 

Employees 

 We currently
have Jeffrey Mackay as CEO, President and Director and John O'Keefe as CFO and Director. 

Jeffrey Mackay
currently devotes approximately 90 of his time to the business of TEO Foods, Inc. and the remainder of his time on other business
ventures. 

John O'Keefe
currently has made available approximately 20 of his time for the business of TEO Foods, Inc. based on the current business needs
at this time. 

We expect to
increase our future employee levels on an as-needed basis in connection with our expected growth. 

The Company
utilizes two staffing agencies in Mexico that currently provide us with staffing as needed for production, warehouse, merchandising
and administration. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we currently have only three people working in Tijuana. We are planning to bring
on additional staff as businesses are allowed to reopen and expand beyond essential operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Not Applicable. 

Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not Applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our office address
in the United States is 2739 Via Orange Way #110, Spring Valley CA 91978. It is provided care of our CEO. We use this facility
to receive mail and use the office facilities on an as needed basis for meetings. The warehouse at this location is also available
to receive items. Beginning in May of 2020, we reimburse half of the costs of this facility which is approximately 600 per month.
The facility is approximately 900 square feet and comprises an office, restroom and warehouse. 

In January of
2020, we took possession of a an approximately 18,000 square foot facility located in Tijuana Mexico that leases for approximately
 6,800 per month. The facility is predominantly configured for cold storage and production operations. It also has a large dry
warehouse area and four truck loading docks. Office space is also included at the facility for management and accounting staff. 

Item 3. Legal
Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

9 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for
Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

 Our Common
Stock is not currently listed for quotation or trading on any exchange. It is our intention to seek quotation on the OTCQB if we
qualify for listing on the same. There can be no assurances that our Common Stock will be approved for trading on the OTCQB, or
any other quotation or trading exchange. 

Holders 

 As of the date of this report, an
aggregate of 12,622,245 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding and held by approximately 44 holders of record. 

Dividends 

 We have never
paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future but
rather intend to retain future earnings, if any, for reinvestment in our future business. Any future determination to pay cash
dividends will be in compliance with our contractual obligations and otherwise at the discretion of the board of directors and
based upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the board of directors
deems relevant. 

Transfer
Agent 

 Our registrar
and transfer agent is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Equity Compensation
Plan Information 

 We did not have
any equity compensation plans or arrangements for any director, officer, employee and/or consultant through December 31, 2019. 

Our Board of
Directors may adopt an equity compensation plan in the future to provide common stock option grants to selected employees, non-employee
directors, consultants and advisors. 

Issuer Purchase
of Securities 

 None. 

Recent Sales
of Unregistered Securities 

Common Shares 

 In January 2019,
the Company sold a total of 37,500 common shares at 0.20 per share to three purchasers for a total of 7,500. 

Stock Purchase
Agreement 

 On February
4, 2019, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with one investor. The resulting 120,000 note purchased in February can
be converted to common stock at 0.20 per share and converts automatically upon certain conditions. The note bears no interest
until June 30, 2019 and then bears 8 interest, if not converted to common stock. 

There were no
other sales of unregistered securities during fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 and to date of this report that were not previously
reported. 

Item 6. Selected
Financial Data. 

Not required
for smaller reporting companies. 

10 

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following
Management's Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes thereto
included elsewhere in this report. The Management's Discussion and Analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Any statements that are
not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. When used, the words believe, plan, 
 intend, anticipate, target, estimate, expect, and the like, and/or
future-tense or conditional constructions will, may, could, should, etc.), or
similar expressions, identify certain of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements in this report. 

The risks, uncertainties, and other
factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in this Annual Report on Form
10-K include: 

our ability to successfully develop and sell our products; 

our ability to obtain additional financing at favorable rates to maintain and develop our operations; 

competitive conditions in our industry; and 

the ability to attract and retain key personnel. 

There may be
other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We can give no assurances
that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will occur or, if any of them do, what impact they will have
on our results of operations and financial condition. Readers should carefully consider this information as well as the risks and
other uncertainties described in our other filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. They reflect opinions, assumptions, and estimates only as of the date they
were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future events or circumstances, or otherwise. 

Overview 

 The Company
was incorporated in the state of Nevada on December 27, 2012 but did not commence operations until September of 2017. 

The Company
intends to produce and sell packaged food products for retail in the frozen, refrigerated and shelf stable categories. The Company
has a license to use the TEO name and logo on food products it sells and to apply the TEO pasteurization/sterilization processes
to its products for improved shelf life and safety. 

The Company
intends to sell packaged food products under our brands in the refrigerated meal and meal component categories. The initial markets
are domestically and in Mexico. We are also utilizing our production capacities to co-pack for other brands sold domestically and
in Mexico. 

On January 31,
2019, we completed an acquisition of Commercial Targa S.A. De C.V. Targa and several brands of products which included
the NERYS brand primarily sold in Mexico. Targa is located in Tijuana Mexico and produces and sells products in Mexico which include
the NERYS line of imported California cheese products, along with the acquired brands of frozen pizzas, various pasta meals and
other products sold in the major stores such as Wal-Mart, Soriana, Calimax, Smart Final, OXXO and others. 

In the acquired
facility, we remodeled the cheese processing area, revised production processes, removed and replaced some obsolete equipment at
the facility in Mexico. These improvements resulted in our being able to achieve higher food safety certifications, which were
required by Walmart and OXXO in 2019. 

The pizza and
meal processing area were shut down for remodeling and revision of production processes. We began to replace some of the pizza
and meal production equipment as part of the planned remodel during 2019. At year end 2019, we divested the pizza and pasta brands
back to their creator in exchange for cancellation of the purchase equity paid. 

11 

We have acted
on an opportunity to move into a larger facility with newer improvements. Effective October 1, 2019, we were assigned lease rights
to three building suites adjoining our existing suite. We agreed to allow them to be subleased until December 31, 2019, enabling
us to prepare for transferring primary production operations in 2020. In January we took possession of one of the three units and
have the other two adjoining units leased to a temporary tenant through the building owner until August 2020 to allow us time to
prepare for these additional facilities. 

We created a
new subsidiary, BC TEO Foods S.A de C.V., in January 2020, which will operate the new facilities. We have begun to prepare the
new facility to move our cold processing and packaging equipment. We intend the new facilities to achieve a high food safety certification
in support of access to global markets. 

We transferred
the TEO Pasteurizer/Sterilizer to the new facilities in Mexico for final R D and validation for production. We anticipate placing
the sterilizer in one of the new building units in August 2020. 

In April of
2020 we entered into an agreement whereby we exchanged certain production equipment and facilities that we did not intend to transfer
to the new facility for production or continue to use thereafter. We transferred the lease of the old production suite and licensed
the Nerys Brand for cheese products in Mexico. In exchange we receive a royalty on the NERYS cheese products sold in Mexico, a
portion of net revenue from all products equivalent to five percent and five percent of the proceeds of any sale of the business. 

We
are continuing to develop our packaged products for initial retail placements in Mexico. We reworked the branding of a frozen 550g
lasagna product the retailers requested and expanded its placements in the Baja region of Mexico. We expect the production planning,
formulation, equipment and supply lead times, testing, validation, branding and sales of the new trayed meal products will extend
into 2021 for a limited regional new product offering. This assumes that we are able to secure additional capital to purchase the
necessary equipment, supplies (trays, film, carton/print materials, etc.) , retain
consultants/staff and provide for other costs of production. 

We have received
equity and debt investments both from insiders and from private investors. As we expand operational activities, we may continue
to experience operating losses and/or negative cash flows from operations and may be required to obtain additional financing to
fund operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able obtain additional financing, if at all, or upon terms that will
be acceptable to us. 

Our prospects
must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in our stage of development.
Such risks include, but are not limited to, an evolving business model and the management of growth. 

To address these
risks we must, among other things, implement and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy and attract, retain and
motivate qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to
do so can have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Results of
Operations 

Results of Operations for the
Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 

During the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had 3,335,815 and 0 in revenue, respectively. The change in revenue was a result
of the completion of the acquisition of Targa. The revenue from the operations of Targa are primarily sales of food products which
include packaged cheese under the retail brand Nery s, frozen pizzas, frozen pasta meals and food service sales of cheese,
pizza sauce, flour and pizza toppings. 

The Company
began operations with the entry into a Master Agreement with TEO Inc. TEO in September 2017. TEO is the founder
and majority controlling shareholder of the Company. The Master Agreement provides the Company a license to use the TEO name and
logo on food products it sells and to apply TEO's pasteurization/sterilization processes to its products for improved shelf life
and safety. Additional provisions provide the Company production rights to TEO's pasteurizer/sterilizer and rights to lease its
own system when certain sales/production increase. 

During the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had general and administrative expenses of 384,342 and 11,575, respectively. Payroll expenses
were 486,451 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Rent and lease expenses were 143,157 and 0
for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Depreciation expenses were 19,676 and 11,575 for the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Advertising and marketing expenses were 42,369 and 0 for the years ended December 31,
2019 and 2018, respectively. The increases are due to the acquisition of Targa operations. 

12 

Interest expense
was 36,385 and 9,119 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. This interest is related to notes payable. 

The Company's
net loss for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was 254,765 and 20,694, respectively. Although the year ended December
31, 2019 had a net operating loss of 542,221 this was offset significantly by the Bargain Purchase Gain of 232,529 related to
the acquisition. 

Targa experienced
a significant loss in sales primarily resulting from the retaliatory tariffs Mexico placed on imports of cheese produced in the
USA. In June of 2018, the USA placed a tariff on steel imported from Mexico to the USA. Mexico retaliated with tariffs on imports
of cheese produced in the USA. The tariffs ranged from 20 to 25 . Targa lost customers as a result. The tariffs were lifted on
May 20, 2019. 

We have been
working to recover the loss of sales. We have sought to offset lost revenue by increasing revenue from converting services. Targa
received the necessary approvals in late March 2019 to operate as a maquiladora enabling it to import cheese from the USA, process
it and export it back to the USA without incurring tariffs in Mexico. Although this will not provide relief from any future tariffs
on cheese sales in Mexico, it may insulate us from future tariffs on sales or processing services back to the USA. 

We intend to
generate revenue for cutting, shredding and packaging of products to be exported back to the USA. We believe that the development
of higher volume production capacity in the new production facility we have begun to prepare will improve our ability to be competitive. 

Expenses are
expected to increase as our operations develop and we begin to introduce new products into the market. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

 During the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company paid 182,000 and 95,000, respectively, toward the current portion of the license
fee payable. During the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had total assets of 971,394 and 382,139, respectively. During
the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had total liabilities of 1,842,029 and 1,346,458, respectively. 

Net cash used in investing activities
for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was 26,516 and 160,000, respectively. Net cash (used) and provided from financing
activities for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was 138,500) and 164,274, respectively. 

The Company
began to receive IVA tax refunds on accumulated credits beginning in September 2019. At December 31, 2019 approximately 446,972
remains available for recovery. Some of this amount is available for cash refund and some can be recovered by offset of net future
IVA payments due. 

Over the next
twelve months, we believe that we will require additional capital and anticipated funds from operations to further develop and
sustain our operations. The Company will need to seek additional financing to expand operations and create revenue with the introduction
of its products to the market. The TEO license requires future payments and royalty payments on related revenue. 

We believe that
we will need to raise an additional 1,000,000 over the next 12 months and intend to seek additional investment through a private
or a public equity offering. We will use the proceeds to cover our product development, auditing and accounting costs, licensing,
necessary equipment, supplies (trays, film, carton/print materials, etc.), retain consultants/staff, provide for other costs of
production and other working capital needs. 

There can be
no assurance that we will be able obtain additional financing, if at all or upon terms that will be acceptable to us. There can
be no assurance of when, if ever, our operations become profitable. 

13 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements
or financing activities with special purpose entities. 

Going Concern 

 The Company
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to realize its assets
and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has
insufficient working capital as of December 31, 2019 to develop its business plan and meet its obligation of the next 12 months.
These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The continuation of the Company
as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders, the Company's ability to obtain necessary
equity or debt financing to continue operations, and ultimately the Company's ability to generate profit from sales of packaged
food products. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates 

 The discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ). The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses. We have identified the following accounting policies that we believe are key to an understanding
of our financial statements. These are important accounting policies that require management's most difficult, subjective
judgments. 

Basis of
Presentation and Consolidation 

 The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We consolidate the financial statements of our
wholly-owned subsidiaries and all intercompany transactions and account balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

All amounts
referred to in the notes to the consolidated financial statements are in United States Dollars ) unless stated otherwise. 

Cash and
Cash Equivalents 

 The Company
considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity date of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash equivalents. 

 Beneficial
Conversion Feature of Convertible Notes Payable 

 The Company
considers whether a beneficial conversion feature BCF exists on the date a convertible note is issued when the fair
value of the underlying common stock to which the note is convertible into is in excess of the remaining unallocated proceeds of
the note. The BCF of a convertible note is a reduction of the carrying amount of the convertible note, as a debt discount, and
is credited to additional paid-in-capital. Such discount is amortized over the expected term of the convertible note (or to the
conversion date of the note, if sooner) and is charged to interest expense. A contingent beneficial conversion feature in a convertible
note payable with conversion terms that change upon the occurrence of a future event (ex: fair value of the underlying stock declines
after the note issuance date) is recognized when the contingency is resolved. As of December 31, 2019, the Company has not recognized
any beneficial conversion features on its convertible debt. 

Revenue Recognition 

 The Company
recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers Topic 606 ). Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services.
In addition, the standard requires disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
from contracts with customers. The amount of revenue that is recorded reflects the consideration that the company expects to receive
in exchange for those goods or services. The Company applies the following five-step model in order to determine this amount: 

14 

i. Identification of the promised goods in the contract; 

ii. Determination of whether the promised goods are performance obligations,
including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; 

iii. Measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint of
variable consideration; 

iv. Allocation of the transaction price of the performance obligations;
and 

v. Recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance
obligation. 

The Company
only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable the entity will collect the consideration it is entitled to in
exchange for the goods and services it transfers to the customer. Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606
at contract inception, the Company reviews the contract to determine which performance obligations the Company must deliver and
which of these performance obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenues the amount of the transaction price that
is allocated to the respective performance obligations when the performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied. Generally,
the Company s performance obligations are transferred to customers at a point in time typically upon delivery. 

Use of Estimates 

 The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments 

 Fair value is defined
as the price that would be received in the sale of an asset or that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. The Company has categorized all investments recorded at fair value based upon
the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. 

Hierarchical levels, directly related to
the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair valuation of these assets and liabilities, are as follows: 

Level
1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the organization has the ability to access at the reporting
date. 

Level
2: Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, which are either observable or that can be derived from or corroborated
by observable data as of the reporting date. 

Level
3: Inputs include those that are significant to the fair value of the asset or liability and are generally less observable from
objective resources and reflect the reporting entity's assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability. 

The Company's financial
instruments consist of advances from related party, notes payable, convertible notes payable and license fee payable. The Company
considers the carrying value of such amounts in the financial statements to approximate their fair value due to the short-term
nature of the respective instruments. 

Loss
Per Share of Common Stock 

 Basic earnings (loss)
per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the period. The calculation of diluted earnings (loss) per share reflects the potential dilution that could
occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Securities with
anti-dilutive effects on net earnings (loss) per share are excluded. As of December 31, 2019, preferred shares convertible to 90,229,000
common shares and convertible notes convertible into a maximum of 1,100,000 common shares were excluded from the calculation of
loss per common share because its inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2018, preferred shares convertible
to 90,229,000 common shares and convertible notes convertible into a maximum of 1,600,000 common shares were excluded from the
calculation of loss per common share because its inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, common
shares outstanding totaled 12,622,245 and 10,334,745, respectively. 

Accounting Pronouncements
Recently Adopted and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Under this new
guidance, lessees (including lessees under leases classified as finance leases, which are to be classified based on criteria similar
to that applicable to capital leases under current guidance, and leases classified as operating leases) will recognize a right-to-use
asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet, initially measured as the present value of lease payments under the lease. Under
current guidance, operating leases are not recognized on the balance sheet. However, the new guidance permits companies to make
an accounting policy election not to apply the recognition provisions of the new guidance to short term leases (leases with a lease
term of 12 months or less that do not include an option to purchase the underlying asset that the lessee is reasonably certain
to exercise). If this election is made, lease payments under short term leases will be recognized on a straight-line basis over
the lease term. The Company has adopted the new guidance effective January 1, 2019: however, there was no impact to the financial
statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

15 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 
 F
 - 2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31,
 2019 and 2018 
 F
 - 3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
 years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 F
 - 4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
 years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 F
 - 5 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Equity for the years
 ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 F
 - 6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F
 - 7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of 
TEO Foods Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of TEO Foods Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2019, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3, the Company has incurred net
losses and has had insufficient working capital since inception. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order
for the Company to meet its business plans, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. 

/s/ Accell Audit Compliance, P.A. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

Tampa, Florida 

May 29, 2020 

F- 2 

TEO Foods, Inc. CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 

2019 
 2018 
 
 Assets 

Current
 assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 194,864 
 2,139 
 
 Accounts
 receivable , net 
 10,463 

Inventories,
 net 
 164,229 

Taxes
 receivable, net 
 446,972 

Prepaid
 and other assets 
 67,749 
 380,000 
 
 Total
 current assets 
 884,277 
 382,139 

Property
 and equipment , net 
 87,117 

Total
 assets 
 971,394 
 382,139 

Liabilities
 and stockholders' deficit 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 
 828,755 
 17,184 
 
 Related
 party payables 
 274 
 274 
 
 License
 fee payable - related party 
 693,000 
 875,000 
 
 Notes
 payable 
 100,000 
 134,000 
 
 Convertible
 note payable - current portion 
 220,000 
 220,000 
 
 Total
 current liabilities 
 1,842,029 
 1,246,458 

Convertible
 note payable - current portion 
 
 100,000 

Total
 liabilities 
 1,842,029 
 1,346,458 

Commitments
 and contingencies (Note 14) 

Stockholders'
 deficit 

Preferred
 stock, 0.001 par value, 10,000,000 

shares
 authorized, 9,022,900 shares issued 

and
 outstanding 
 9,023 
 9,023 
 
 Common
 stock , 0.001 par value, 490,000,000 

shares
 authorized,12,622,245 and 10,334,745, 

issued
 and outstanding, respectively 
 12,623 
 10,335 
 
 Additional
 paid -in-capital 
 277,229 
 47,017 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 (1,285,459 
 (1,030,694 
 
 Other
 comprehensive income 
 115,949 

Total
 stockholders' deficit 
 (870,635 
 (964,319 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders' deficit 
 971,394 
 382,13 9 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

TEO
Foods, Inc CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

For
 the Years ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

Sales 
 3,335,815 

Cost of sales 
 (2,708,317 

Gross
 profit 
 627,498 

Operating expense 

Payroll 
 486,451 

General
 and administrative 
 384,342 
 11,575 
 
 Rent
 and lease 
 143,157 

Professional
 fees 
 93,724 

Advertising
 and marketing 
 42,369 

Depreciation 
 19,676 
 11,575 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 1,169,719 
 23,150 

Operating
 loss 
 (542,221 
 (11,575 

Other
 income (expense) 

Other
 income 
 85,231 

Interest
 income 
 6,081 

Interest
 expense 
 (36,385 
 (9,119 
 
 Gain
 on bargain purchase 
 232,529 

287,456 
 (9,119 

Net
 loss 
 (254,765 
 (20,694 
 
 Other
 comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 
 115,949 

Comprehensive
 income (loss) 
 (138,816 
 (20,694 

Loss per common share
 - 

basic
 and diluted 
 (0.02 
 0.00 

Weighted average
 common 

shares
 outstanding - basic and diluted 
 12,430,122 
 7,553,48 4 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

TEO
Foods Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Years ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

Cash flows from operating
 activities 

Net
 loss 
 (254,765 
 (20,694 
 
 Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net 

cash
 used in operations: 

Deprecation expense 
 19,676 

Gain
 on bargain purchase 
 (232,529 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase
 in accounts receivable 
 (57,089 

Decrease
 in inventories 
 221,462 

Decrease
 in tax receivable 
 113,639 

Decrease
 in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 407,218 
 18,559 
 
 Net
 cash provided (used) in operating activities 
 217,612 
 (2,135 

Cash flows from investing
 activities 

Cash
 received in Targa acquisition 
 6,504 

Prepayment
 on Targa acquisition 
 
 (160,000 
 
 Purchase
 of property and equipment 
 (33,020 

Net
 cash (used) in investing activities 
 (26,516 
 (160,000 

Cash flows from financing
 activities 

Advances
 from related party 
 
 274 
 
 Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock 
 7,500 

Proceeds
 from notes payable 
 
 159,000 
 
 Principal
 reduction in notes payable 
 (34,000 

Proceeds
 from convertible notes payable 
 120,000 
 100,000 
 
 Principal
 reduction in convertible notes payable 
 (50,000 

Payment
 of license fee payable - related party 
 (182,000 
 (95,000 
 
 Net
 cash (used) in financing activities 
 (138,500 
 164,274 

Effect
 of foreign currency exchange translation 
 140,129 

Net
 increase for period 
 192,725 
 2,139 
 
 Cash
 at beginning of period 
 2,139 

Cash
 at end of period 
 194,864 
 2,139 

Supplement Information: 

Cash
 paid for: 

Interest 
 5,394 

Income
 taxes 

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities 

Issuance
 of 2,250,000 common shares in acquisition of Targa 
 225,000 

Conversion
 of preferred stock to common stock 
 
 977 
 
 Conversion
 of notes and accrue interest to common stock 
 
 56,375 
 
 Convertible
 notes issued in acquisition of Targa 
 552,000 
 220,000 
 
 Cancellation
 of related party accounts and notes receivable in exchange for cancellation of related party debt 
 1,460,035 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

TEO
Foods, Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Additional 
 
 Other 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 deficit 
 Income 
 Total 

Balance - December 31, 2017 
 10,000,000 
 10,000 

(1,010,000 
 
 (1,000,000 
 
 Notes payable converted
 to Common Stock 

563,745 
 564 
 55,811 

56,375 
 
 Preferred stock converted
 to common stock 
 (977,100 
 (977 
 9,771,000 
 9,771 
 (8,794 

Net
 loss 

(20,694 
 
 (20,694 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2018 
 9,022,900 
 9,023 
 10,334,745 
 10,335 
 47,017 
 (1,030,694 
 
 (964,319 
 
 Stock issued in acquisition
 of Targa 

2,250,000 
 2,250 
 222,750 

225,000 
 
 Stock issued for cash 

37,500 
 38 
 7,462 

7,500 
 
 Foreign currency translation
 adjustment 

115,949 
 115,949 
 
 Net
 loss 

(254,765 
 
 (254,765 
 
 Balance - December
 31, 2019 
 9,022,900 
 9,023 
 12,622,245 
 12,623 
 277,229 
 (1,285,459 
 115,949 
 (870,635 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

TEO
Foods Inc. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2019 AND 2018 

NOTE
1 - ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

Teo
Foods Inc. TEO Foods or the Company was incorporated in the state of Nevada on December 27, 2012.
The Company has authorized capital of 500,000,000 shares consisting of 490,000,000 shares designated as Common Stock, par value
 0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares designated as Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

The
Company s principal activity is to produce and sell packaged food products for retail sale in the frozen, refrigerated and
shelf stable categories. The Company has a license to use the TEO name and logo on food products it sells and to apply the TEO
pasteurization/sterilization processes to its products for improved shelf life and safety. 

Effective January 1, 2019, the Company executed a Stock Purchase Agreement SPA with NERYS USA Inc. Nerys USA ). The Company issued the closing payments as described in Note 4. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA,
Commercial Targa S.A. de C.V. Targa became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). We consolidate the financial statements of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and all intercompany transactions
and account balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

All
amounts referred to in the notes to the consolidated financial statements are in United States Dollars ) unless stated otherwise. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity date of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash equivalents. 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

The
Company s subsidiary s primary functional currency is the Mexican peso, but it s reporting currency is the U.S.
dollar. The balance sheet accounts are translated at exchange rates in effect at the end of the period and income statement accounts
are translated at average exchange rates for the period. Translation gains and losses are included as a separate component of
stockholders deficit. 

Accounts
Receivable 

Accounts
receivable are reported at the customers outstanding balances less any allowance for doubtful accounts. Interest is not
accrued on overdue accounts receivable. The allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2019 and 2018 was approximately, 475,000
and 0, respectively. 

F- 7 

TEO Foods
Inc. 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31,
2019 AND 2018 

Inventory
and Cost of Sales 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or realizable value, using the average cost method. When an impairment indicator suggests that
the carrying amounts of inventories might not be recoverable, the Company reviews such carrying amounts and estimates the net
realizable value based on the most reliable evidence available at that time. An impairment loss is recorded if the net realizable
value is less than the carrying value. Impairment indicators considered for these purposes are, among others, obsolescence, decrease
in market prices, damage and a firm commitment to sell. 

Property
and Equipment 

Property and
equipment are stated at cost. Major renewals and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while replacements, maintenance
and repairs that do not improve or extend the lives of the respective assets are expensed. At the time property and equipment
are retired or otherwise disposed of, the asset and related accumulated depreciation accounts are relieved of the applicable amounts.
Gains or losses from retirements or sales are credited or charged to income. 

Long-Lived
Assets 

The Company
accounts for its long-lived assets in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360, Property,
Plant and Equipment . ASC 360 requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment at least annually, or whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical cost carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate. The Company
assesses recoverability of the carrying value of an asset by estimating the future net cash flows expected to result from the
asset, including eventual disposition. If the future net cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, an impairment
loss is recorded equal to the difference between the asset s carrying value and fair value or disposable value. 

Beneficial
Conversion Feature of Convertible Notes Payable 

The Company
considers whether a beneficial conversion feature BCF exists on the date a convertible note is issued when the fair
value of the underlying common stock to which the note is convertible into is in excess of the remaining unallocated proceeds
of the note. The BCF of a convertible note is a reduction of the carrying amount of the convertible note, as a debt discount,
and is credited to additional paid-in-capital. Such discount is amortized over the expected term of the convertible note (or to
the conversion date of the note, if sooner) and is charged to interest expense. 

A contingent
beneficial conversion feature in a convertible note payable with conversion terms that change upon the occurrence of a future
event (ex: fair value of the underlying stock declines after the note issuance date) is recognized when the contingency is resolved.
As of December 31, 2019, the Company has not recognized any beneficial conversion features on its convertible debt. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The Company
recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers Topic 606 ). Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or
services. In addition, the standard requires disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows
arising from contracts with customers. The amount of revenue that is recorded reflects the consideration that the company expects
to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company applies the following five-step model in order to determine this
amount: 

F- 8 

TEO Foods
Inc. 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31,
2019 AND 2018 

i. Identification
 of the promised goods in the contract; 

ii. Determination
 of whether the promised goods are performance obligations, including whether they are
 distinct in the context of the contract; 

iii. Measurement
 of the transaction price, including the constraint of variable consideration; 

iv. Allocation
 of the transaction price of the performance obligations; and 

v. Recognition
 of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

The Company
only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable the entity will collect the consideration it is entitled to
in exchange for the goods and services it transfers to the customer. Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of Topic
606 at contract inception, the Company reviews the contract to determine which performance obligations the Company must deliver
and which of these performance obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenues the amount of the transaction price
that is allocated to the respective performance obligations when the performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied.
Generally, the Company s performance obligations are transferred to customers at a point in time typically upon delivery.
The Company primarily sells packaged food products to its customers. The Company s performance obligation is satisfied when
the goods have been delivered, which is at a point in time. 

Use of
Estimates 

The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value
of Financial Instruments 

Fair value is
defined as the price that would be received in the sale of an asset or that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company has categorized all investments recorded at fair
value based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. 

Hierarchical
levels, directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair valuation of these assets and liabilities,
are as follows: 

Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the organization has the ability to
access at the reporting date. 

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, which are either observable or that can be derived from or corroborated
by observable data as of the reporting date. 

Level 3: Inputs include those that are significant to the fair value of the asset or liability and are generally less observable
from objective resources and reflect the reporting entity's assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in
pricing the asset or liability. 

 The Company's
financial instruments consist of advances from related party, notes payable, convertible notes payable and license fee payable.
The Company considers the carrying value of such amounts in the financial statements to approximate their fair value due to the
short-term nature of the respective instruments. 

F- 9 

TEO Foods
Inc. 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31,
2019 AND 2018 

Loss
Per Share of Common Stock 

Basic earnings
(loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding for the period. The calculation of diluted earnings (loss) per share reflects the potential dilution
that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Securities
with anti-dilutive effects on net earnings (loss) per share are excluded. As of December 31, 2019, preferred shares convertible
to 90,229,000 common shares and convertible notes convertible into a maximum of 1,100,000 common shares were excluded from the
calculation of loss per common share because its inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2018, preferred shares
convertible to 90,229,000 common shares and convertible notes convertible into a maximum of 1,600,000 common shares were excluded
from the calculation of loss per common share because its inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, common shares outstanding totaled
12,622,245 and 10,334,745, respectively. 

Accounting Pronouncements Recently
Adopted and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In February
2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases . Under this new guidance, lessees (including lessees under
leases classified as finance leases, which are to be classified based on criteria similar to that applicable to capital
leases under current guidance, and leases classified as operating leases) will recognize a right-to-use asset and a lease
liability on the balance sheet, initially measured as the present value of lease payments under the lease. Under current
guidance, operating leases are not recognized on the balance sheet. However, the new guidance permits companies to make an
accounting policy election not to apply the recognition provisions of the new guidance to short term leases (leases with a
lease term of 12 months or less that do not include an option to purchase the underlying asset that the lessee is reasonably
certain to exercise). If this election is made, lease payments under short term leases will be recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term. The Company has adopted the new guidance effective January 1, 2019: however, there was no impact
to the financial statements. 

NOTE 3 
GOING CONCERN 

These consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to realize its assets
and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and
has insufficient working capital as of December 31, 2019 to develop its business plan and meet its obligation of the next 12 months.
These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The continuation of the
Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders, the Company's ability to obtain
necessary equity or debt financing to continue operations, and ultimately the Company's ability to generate profit from sales
of packaged food products. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company plans to obtain funds for operations
through continued financial support from its stockholders, debt and private offerings of its equity. 

F- 10 

TEO Foods
Inc. 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31,
2019 AND 2018 

NOTE 4 
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

On July 30,
2018, the Company entered into a SPA with NERYS USA Inc. to purchase all of the issued and outstanding equity of Commercial Targa
S.A. de C.V. Targa ). The Company acquired Targa to expand its operations with the sale
of packaged food products. 

Effective
January 1, 2019, the transaction closed with an adjusted purchase price consisting of 160,000 in cash, 220,000 and
 552,000 in secured convertible promissory notes and 11,250,000 common shares valued at .10 per share. In addition, an
earn-out provision was added which, if certain conditions are met, would require an additional secured convertible promissory
note of 310,000 and the issuance of an additional 3,750,000 common shares. 

In May of 2019,
the SPA was amended resulting in the earn-out provision being eliminated, the 220,000 (which had a principal balance remaining
of 170,000) and 552,000 secured convertible notes payable, plus accrued interest, issued as part of the purchase price being
assigned to Targa in exchange for an equal reduction of amounts owed to Targa by Nerys USA. In addition, Nerys USA assumed and
settled an account payable balance due from Targa against amounts Targa owed to Nerys USA. 

The assignment
of the Nerys notes to Targa resulted in a 722,000 reduction in the convertible notes payable and reduction in liabilities for
the accrued interest transferred of 17,110. This also resulted in an equal reduction of 739,110 of Related Party Receivable
and Notes Receivable due to Targa from Nerys USA. In addition, 360,824 of Related Party Payables to Nerys USA were offset against
Related Party Receivables from Nerys USA to Targa. 

The Company entered into a Release Back Agreement
effective December 31, 2019, whereby certain brands acquired pursuant to the SPA with NERYS USA were transferred back in exchange
for cancellation of nine million common shares the Company originally issued pursuant to the SPA currently held by the transferee. 

Due to the state of operations of Targa, along
with the economic impact of U.S. tariffs, the Company believes it has acquired Targa for less than the estimated fair value of
its net assets. In accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations , the Company has conducted an evaluation to determine
the fair value of Targa s identifiable assets acquired and based on that evaluation the estimated fair value was 2,515,364 6,504 in cash, 1,992,112 in receivables, 382,237 in inventory, 21,833 in prepaid and other assets and 112,678 in property
and equipment). This evaluation includes allowances for obsolete inventory, related party receivables that have become doubtful,
non-related party receivables that have become doubtful, and tax credits that have become doubtful. 

The Company
did not assign additional value on customer relationships and know-how. Evaluation of the relationships indicated that they were
in jeopardy at the time of acquisition and post-acquisition operations were necessary to stabilize existing placements. Evaluation
of know-how existing at the time of acquisition did not identify any unique or proprietary processes. 

The identifiable liabilities were 1,125,835 637,754 in accounts payable and accrued expenses and 488,081 in related party payables), resulting in a net value of 1,389,529.
The purchase price was modified by subsequent amendments and the resulting consideration had an estimated fair value of 1,157,000.
The resulting consideration consisted of cash, promissory notes and common shares. The Company has recorded a bargain purchase
gain on the acquisition of Targa totaling 232,529, which is included in other income (expense) on the consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive income. 

The Company
has reviewed its procedures used to identify and measure the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and the consideration transferred
and concluded that the procedures followed and the resulting measurements were appropriate. The Company also performed a review
and determined that the business combination did not include any transactions that should be accounted for separately from the
business combination. 

F- 11 

TEO Foods
Inc. 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31,
2019 AND 2018 

Pro Forma
Financial Information 

 The following
unaudited pro forma financial results reflects the historical operating results of the Company, including the pro forma
results of Targa for the year ended December 31, 2018, as if this business combination had occurred as of January 1, 2018. The
pro forma financial information set forth below reflects adjustments to the historical data of the Company to give effect to the
Targa acquisition and the related equity issuances as if each had occurred on January 1, 2018. The pro forma information presented
below does not purport to represent what the actual results of operations would have been for the period indicated, nor does it
purport to represent the Company s future results of operations. 

2018 
 
 Net
 Revenue 
 6,188,132 
 
 Net
 Loss 
 (884,257 
 
 Net
 Loss per Common Share Basic Diluted 
 (0.09 
 
 Weighted
 Average Number of Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Basic Diluted 
 9,803,484 

The calculations
of pro forma net revenue and pro forma net loss give effect to the Targa business combination for the year ended December 31,
2018 based on the historical net revenue and net income (loss), as applicable, of Targa. The operations for the year ended December
31, 2019 are included in the accompanying statement of operations and comprehensive income. 

NOTE 5 
INVENTORY 

At December
31, 2019, inventory consisted of approximately 275,549 of finished goods in our warehouse in Tijuana, Mexico. The Company has
an allowance of approximately 111,320 for obsolescence and shrinkage as of December 31, 2019. The Company did not have any inventory
at December 31, 2018. 

NOTE 6 
TAX RECEIVABLES 

Tax Receivables represent credits from the
Mexican taxing authority. Targa has accumulated IVA tax payments that exceeded its IVA tax liabilities over the past several years.
The Company has applied for refunds of these accumulated overpayments and began receiving the first refunds in September of 2019.
The tax receivable balance at December 31, 2019 and 2018 of 446,972 and 0, respectively is net of a reserve for the possible
uncollectable portion of the tax credits totaling 175,599 and 0, respectively. 

NOTE 7 
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

At December
31, 2019 and 2018, property and equipment consisted of the following: 

2019 
 2018 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures 
 1,810 

Machinery
 and equipment 
 65,709 

Transportation
 equipment 
 39,274 

106,793 

Less
 accumulated depreciation 
 (19,676 

87,117 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018 totaled 19,676 and 0, respectively. The estimated useful lives of fixed assets range from 3 to 10 years. 

F- 12 

TEO Foods
Inc. 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31,
2019 AND 2018 

NOTE 8 
ROYALTY AND LICENSE AGREEMENT 

On September
30, 2017, the Company entered into a Master Agreement with TEO Inc. TEO ). TEO is the founder and majority controlling
shareholder of the Company. The Master Agreement provides the Company a license to use the TEO name and logo on food products
it sells and to apply TEO's pasteurization/sterilization processes to its products for improved shelf life and safety. Additional
provisions provide the Company production rights to TEO's pasteurizer/sterilizer and rights to lease its own system when certain
sales/production increase. Pursuant to the Master Agreement, the Company agreed to pay an initial 1 million fee in installments
with 100,000 due on June 30, 2018, 300,000 due on December 31, 2018 and the remaining 600,000 due in 12 equal monthly
payments with the first payment due on January 31, 2019. TEO Inc. has agreed to maintain the license through December 31,
2020 and accrue and accept payments due as funds are available. As of December 31, 2019, the Company has paid a total of 307,000
towards the license. Commencing January 1, 2020, a use/royalty and service fee of 5.5 of the Company's gross revenue for food
sales processed using TEO's intellectual property is payable quarterly. The ongoing licensing is maintained by meeting minimum
annual use/royalty and service fees. The Company may pay for the difference between the actual use and the minimum to maintain
the license. The annual minimum is listed as follows: 

Year 
 Minimum Service Fee 
 
 2020 
 500,000 
 
 2021 
 750,000 
 
 2022 
 1,000,000 
 
 Thereafter 
 Increase
 10 per year 

As a result
of TEO being the majority shareholder of the Company and TEO's basis in the license being 0, the Company recorded a deemed dividend
of 1 million for the initial fee payable to TEO. As of December 31, 2019, and 2018, the outstanding balance of the license fee
payable was 693,000 and 875,000, respectively 

NOTE 9 
NOTES PAYABLE 

Notes
Payable 

On July 31,
2018, the Company issued a note for 100,000 in principal bearing interest at 8 maturing on October 31, 2018. This note was subsequently
amended to extend the maturity date to December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the outstanding principal balance
of the note was 100,000. 

On December
10, 2018, the Company issued a note for 34,000 in principal bearing interest at 8 maturing on June 10, 2019. This note was subsequently
amended to extend the maturity date to December 31, 2019. The note and accrued interest were fully paid in 2019. As of December
31, 2019 and 2018, the outstanding principal balance of the note was 0 and 34,000, respectively. 

F- 13 

TEO Foods
Inc. 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31,
2019 AND 2018 

Convertible
Note Payable 

On June 28,
2018, the Company issued a note for 100,000. The note is for a two-year term and bears an 8 interest rate, due at maturity.
The note is convertible into common shares at a 20 discount to the 30-day average bid price of the Company's common shares, as
may be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national stock exchange, but at no rate lower than 0.20 per share. 

On November
20, 2018, the Company issued a note for 220,000. The note was for a two-year term and bore an 8 interest rate, due at maturity.
The note was convertible into common shares at a 20 discount to the 30-day average bid price of the Company's common shares,
as may be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national stock exchange, but at no rate lower than 0.20 per share. In February
of 2019, the Company made a payment on the principal of 50,000 and in May of 2019, the note was settled (see Note 4). 

On January 31,
2019, the Company issued a note for 552,000. The note was for a two-year term and bore an 8 interest rate, due at maturity. The
note was convertible into common shares at a 20 discount to the 30-day average bid price of the Company's common shares, as may
be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national stock exchange, but at no rate lower than 0.20 per share. In May of 2019,
the note was settled (see Note 4). 

On February
4, 2019, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with one investor for the purchase of up to an aggregate of 350,000 in
convertible notes payable in three payments commencing with the first in the amount of 120,000 on February 4, 2019, the second
on April 1, 2019 in the amount of 110,000 and the third on June 1, 2019 in the amount of 120,000. The investor did not make
the second purchase on April 1, 2019 or the third purchase on June 1, 2019. The purchase provisions of the agreement have expired
with only the first purchase executed. The 120,000 note purchased in February can be converted to common stock at 0.20 per share
or the 30-day average bid price of the Company's common shares, as may be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national
stock exchange, but at no rate lower than 0.20 per share and converts automatically upon certain conditions. The note bears no
interest until June 30, 2019 and then bears 8 interest, if not converted to common stock. The note matures on June 30, 2020. 

As of December
31, 2019 and 2018, there is not a quoted bid price available as the Company s shares are not listed on any exchanges. As
the minimum conversion rate at the time of issuance is greater than or equal to the current stock value based on other similar
transactions, these notes are not deemed to have an embedded derivative associated with them. 

The principal balance of convertible debt at
December 31, 2019 and 2018 amounted to 220,000. 

F- 14 

TEO Foods
Inc. 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31,
2019 AND 2018 

NOTE 10 
EQUITY 

Preferred
Stock 

Each share of
Class A Preferred Stock may be converted by the holder upon request of the holder into 10 shares of common stock. Each holder
is entitled to 100 votes for each share of Class A Preferred Stock held on the record date for the determination of stockholders
entitled to vote at each meeting of stockholders of the Company (and written actions of stockholders in lieu of meetings) with
respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Company for their action or consideration. The holders are
entitled to dividends, if any, as declared by the Company and participate pari passu with the common stock of the Company at the
conversion rate. 

NOTE 11 -
INCOME TAXES 

Deferred taxes
are provided on a liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating
loss and tax credit carry forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences
are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment. The U.S. federal income tax rate is 21 . 

The provision
for Federal income tax consists of the following December 31: 

Federal
 income tax benefit attributable to: 
 2019 
 2018 
 
 Current
 Operations 
 19,182 
 4,346 
 
 Less:
 valuation allowance 
 (19,182 
 (4,346 
 
 Net
 provision for Federal income taxes 

The cumulative
tax effect at the expected rate of 21 of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Deferred
 tax asset attributable to: 
 2019 
 2018 
 
 Net
 operating loss carryover 
 24,436 
 5,254 
 
 Less:
 valuation allowance 
 (24,436 
 (5,254 
 
 Net
 deferred tax asset 

At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company
had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 116,363 and 25,024, respectively, that may be offset against future taxable
income and begin to expire in 2032. No tax benefit has been reported in the December 31, 2019 and 2018 consolidated financial statements
since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount. 

On December
22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (the Tax
Act ). The Tax Act establishes new tax laws that affects 2018 and future years, including a reduction in the U.S. federal
corporate income tax rate to 21 effective January 1, 2018. 

F- 15 

TEO Foods
Inc. 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31,
2019 AND 2018 

Due to the change
in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes
are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to
use in future years. 

ASC 740 provides
guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company s financial statements. ASC 740 requires
a company to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based upon the
technical merits of the position. If the more-likely-than- not threshold is met, a company must measure the tax position to determine
the amount to recognize in the financial statements. 

The Company
includes interest and penalties arising from the underpayment of income taxes in the statements of operations in the provision
for income taxes. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax
positions. 

NOTE 12 -
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The Company
has various related party receivables and payables derived from normal operating activities. These balances are non-interest bearing
and are periodically settled as cash flow permits. 

In addition,
at December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had revolving receivables from related parties of 356,798 and 0, respectively. The
Company established a reserve for uncollectable related party trade receivables of 356,798 as of December 31, 2019. 

As of December
31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had notes receivable from related parties of 555,116 and 0, respectively. The Company established
a reserve for uncollectable related party notes receivables of 555,116 as of December 31, 2019. 

Preferred
Share Issuance and Conversion 

On March 31,
2018, the Company issued 9,771,000 common shares to TEO Inc. for the conversion of 977,100 Class A Preferred Stock. TEO Inc. directed
that the common shares resulting from the conversion be issued to the shareholders of TEO Inc. The common shares were issued to
31 shareholders with 78 of the shares controlled by the Company s sole officer and director. 

Master
License Agreement 

On September
30, 2017, the Company entered into a Master Agreement with TEO, the founder and majority controlling shareholder of the Company.
See Note 9. 

F- 16 

TEO Foods
Inc. 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31,
2019 AND 2018 

NOTE 13 
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

During the normal
course of business, the Company may be exposed to litigation. When the Company becomes aware of potential litigation, it evaluates
the merits of the case in accordance with FASB ASC 450-20-50, Contingencies . The Company evaluates its exposure to the
matter, possible legal or settlement strategies and the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome. If the Company determines that an
unfavorable outcome is probable and can be reasonably estimated, it establishes the necessary accruals. As of December 31, 2019,
the Company is not aware of any contingent liabilities that should be reflected in the financial statements. 

NOTE 14 CONCENTRATIONS 

Cash Deposit 

The Company
minimizes its credit risk associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution.
The balance at times may exceed federally insured limits. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, no cash balances exceeded the federally
insured limit. 

NOTE 15 -
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

 Investment
Agreement 

In April of 2020, the Company entered into
an agreement whereby it exchanged certain production equipment and facilities that the Company did not intend to transfer to its
new facility for production or continue to use thereafter. The Company transferred the lease of the old production suite and licensed
the Nerys Brand for cheese products in Mexico. In exchange, the Company receives a royalty on the NERYS cheese products sold in
Mexico, a portion of net revenue from all products equivalent to five percent and five percent of the proceeds of any sale of the
business. 

Creation
of BC TEO Foods Mexico S.A. de C.V. 

In January 2020,
the Company created a new 100 owned subsidiary in Mexico. The Company is in the process of setting up new production facilities
to be operated by this subsidiary. 

Lease of
New Production Facilities 

 In January 2020,
the Company leased new production facilities in Mexico consisting of approximately 18,000 square feet of cold storage, cold production
space, dry warehouse, offices and loading docks. The lease rate is approximately 6,400 per month. 

The Company
has evaluated subsequent events for recognition and disclosure through May 29, 2020 which is the date the financial statements
were available to be issued. No other matters were identified affecting the accompanying financial statements and related disclosures. 

F- 17 

Item 9. Change
in and Disagreement with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our management, with the participation of our CEO and our CFO, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of
the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed
is made known to management and others, as appropriate, to allow timely decision regarding required disclosure and that the information
required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our CEO and CFO, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. A controls system cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls
system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if
any, within a company have been detected. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Our management
evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019. In making
this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on this evaluation, our management, with the participation of the
CEO, concluded that, as of December 31, 2019, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

This annual
report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules
of the SEC that permits us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2019 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other
Information 

None. 

16 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The following persons are our executive
officers and directors, and hold the offices set forth opposite their names. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jeffrey Mackay 
 
 55 
 
 CEO, President and Director 
 
 John O'Keefe 
 
 70 
 
 CFO, Treasurer and Director 

The following
is a brief account of the business experience during the past five years of each of our directors and executive officers: 

Jeffrey Mackay -
CEO, President and Director 

 Jeffrey Mackay
became our President and Director at inception in 2012 and has had primary responsibilities for our operations and business. Since
inception in 2005, he has also been the CEO and a director of TEO Inc. Mackay is an inventor on several of the TEO patents
and is majority shareholder of TEO Inc. 

Mr. Mackay has a diverse entrepreneurial and technical background, starting as a prototype machinist in what came to be Silicon
Valley and progressing to become a quality engineer for General Dynamics air defense systems division before transitioning to law. 

Mr. Mackay is
an attorney licensed in California for over 20 years with a practice in Corporate and Securities Law. He has been Of Counsel at
Borton Petrini LLP beginning September 2018 and Of Counsel at the firm of Rowe Mullen LLP beginning December 2014. Prior to 2014
he had a solo practice. 

His practice
includes mergers, acquisitions, private placements, registration statements, periodic and current reporting with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, corporate governance and other compliance matters. He has had significant experience working with boards,
executive management, accountants and auditing firms. 

Mr. Mackay received
his Juris Doctor at Thomas Jefferson School of Law in 1997, with a Certificate in International Legal Process. 

John O'Keefe CFO, Treasurer
and Director 

 John O'Keefe
became our CFO, Treasurer and Director in August 2018. He has also been the CFO, Treasurer and a director of TEO Inc. since 2006. 

He is a highly
seasoned senior executive with primary experience in all facets of the energy business. He is an accomplished veteran of running
public companies in the US, Canada, and the UK with experience in many parts of the world. O'Keefe sits on the boards of two private
corporations as well as being the Vice Chair of the Harvard Business School Club of Houston. He actively manages an unnamed private
MLP energy fund that has no external shareholders with his company O'Keefe Capital Partners LP, where he has been the Managing
partner since 2005 consisting of immediate family only. 

During his career,
O'Keefe has played key roles in 13.6 billion of mergers, acquisitions, divestments, spin offs, and stock buy backs. He also successfully
accessed the capital markets, working with operating and technical people at all levels to create shareholder value. He has played
key roles in raising 4.3B of equity and issued 4.2B of debt and convertibles in his career. 

O'Keefe was
Executive VP and CFO of Fram Exploration from 2011 to 2012, an early stage E P company seeking to go public on the Oslo Stock
Exchange. He was able to make the necessary board, corporate governance and financial reporting changes to get the Company qualified
by the Norwegian securities authority. While there, O'Keefe managed a 25 million public company acquisition, a 40 million drilling
joint venture, and raised 14 million of new funds. 

O'Keefe was
also a Partner in the Houston, Texas practice of Tatum, LLC from 2010 to 2011. During his tenure, O'Keefe has operated as
interim CFO for Lucas Energy, Inc. as well as providing capital raising support to Rooster Petroleum LLC, both of which are independent
oil and gas companies. He was able to raise 14 million in equity and warrants for Lucas during the financial crisis. O'Keefe also
led Blast Energy Services as President and CEO (2007-2009). For the prior three years, O'Keefe served as Blast Co-CEO CFO
where he raised 62 million in new funding and, jointly with the COO, turned the company around. 

17 

From 2000 to
2003, O'Keefe served as CFO of Ivanhoe Energy, a dual listed public E P company in which he raised 90 million in new equity.
Prior to 2000, he was VP of Investor Relations Corporate Communications with Santa Fe Snyder and Oryx Energy Companies, two
upstream Texas based NYSE companies. He played a lead role in merging the companies whereupon stockholders realized gains of 930
and 585 million respectively. 

O'Keefe had
a 22-year career with Sun Oil and 7 years with BP in the Refining, Marketing, and Upstream segments. He was sponsored by Sun to
attend the PMD executive program at Harvard Business School in 1985. He earned an honors degree in Business from Portsmouth University
and qualified as a Chartered Accountant at the London South Bank University while doing management training with BP. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years, none of
our directors, executive officers, promoters, control persons, or nominees has been: 

the subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or any Federal or State authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law. 

the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; (b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Committees of the Board 

The Company
does not currently have independent committees. The Board currently acts in the roles of the various committees. As the Board is
expanded to include independent members we expect to form and adopt charters for independent committees. 

18 

Code of Ethics 

As of the date
of this report we have not adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We expect to adopt a formal policy upon expanding
the Board and executive management team. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
among our executive officers and directors. 

Compliance with Section 16(A)
of the Exchange Act 

Not Applicable 

Changes in Nominating Procedures 

None 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the total compensation paid or accrued by us during the two fiscal years ended
December 31, 2019 to: 

all individuals who served as our chief executive officer, chief financial officer or acted in a similar capacity for us at any time during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 and 

all individuals who served as executive officers of ours at any time during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 and received annual compensation during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 in excess of 100,000. 

Summary Compensation
Table 

Position 
 
 Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock Awards 
 ) 

Option Awards 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Jeffrey Mackay 
 Chief Executive Officer (1) 

2019 
 2018 

20,000 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

20,000 
 - 

John O Keefe 
 Chief Financial Officer (2) 

2019 
 2018 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

Note: The table
above includes only the value of options that vested during the periods indicated. The listed executives may have also received
unvested options that may vest in a future period. See Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End below. 

(1) Jeffrey
Mackay became our President and Director at inception in 2012. Not included in the chart above are 6,337,500 common shares received
by TEO Inc. shareholders from TEO Inc. after its conversion of preferred shares in March of 2018. 

(2) John O Keefe
became our CFO, Treasurer and Director in August 2018. Not included in the chart above are 370,000 common shares received by TEO
Inc. shareholders from TEO Inc. after its conversion of preferred shares in March of 2018. 

19 

Employment Agreements and Benefits 

We do not currently
provide any employee benefit or retirement programs. Our officers salaries are determined by the Board of Directors. Officers
and employees may receive bonuses from time to time in the form of cash or equity at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors. 

We have no plans
in place and have never maintained any plans that provide for the payment of retirement benefits or benefits that will be paid
primarily following retirement including, but not limited to, tax qualified deferred benefit plans, supplemental executive retirement
plans, tax-qualified deferred contribution plans and nonqualified deferred contribution plans. 

We have not entered into any employment
agreements with our officers. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

The following
table reflects options granted to our executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Name 

Number of
 securities 
 underlying
 unexercised 
 options exercisable 
 (#) 

Number of
 securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable 
 (#) 

Option exercise 
 price 
 ) 

Option expiration 
 date 
 
 Jeffrey Mackay 
 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 

John O Keefe 
 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Director Compensation 

 The Company currently has two Directors
Jeffrey Mackay and John O'Keefe. Mr. O'Keefe did not become a director until August of 2018. 

We do not have
any independent, non-executive directors. We currently do not pay any cash remuneration for acting as a Director but expect to
do so in the future as the Board is expanded. We intend to reimburse Independent Directors for their expenses, if any, for attendance
at meetings of the Board of Directors. 

The following table sets forth compensation
received by our directors in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. 

Name 

Fees earned
 or 
 paid in cash 
 ) 

Stock awards 
 ) 

Option awards 
 ) 

All other 
 compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Jeffrey Mackay (1) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

John O Keefe (2) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(1) 
 This table includes only his compensation which was expressly for service as a director. Mr. Mackay did not receive any other compensation as an executive officer see the Summary Compensation Table above. 
 
 (2) 
 This table includes only his compensation which was expressly for service as a director. Mr. O Keefe did not receive any other compensation as an executive officer see the Summary Compensation Table above. 

20 

Item 12. Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following
table sets forth, as of May 28, 2020 , the beneficial ownership of TEO Foods Inc. common stock by each of our directors and named
executive officers, each person known to us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock, and by the officers and directors
of the Company as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes
to the following table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power (subject to applicable community property
laws) and that person's address is c/o TEO Foods, Inc., 2739 Via Orange Way #110, Spring Valley CA 91978. Shares of common stock
subject to options, warrants, convertible notes or preferred stock currently exercisable or convertible or exercisable or convertible
within 60 days after May 14, 2020 are deemed outstanding for computing the share ownership and percentage of the person holding
such options, warrants, or convertible notes but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. 

Shares 
 Percentage 
 
 Jeffrey H. Mackay (1) 
 97,566,500 
 93.8 
 
 John O'Keefe (2) 
 370,000 

Officers and Directors as a Group (3 persons) 
 97,936,500 
 93.8 

(1) 
 Includes 6,337,500 shares held directly and 1,000,000 shares held by his spouse. Also includes 90,229,000 shares of common stock that are issuable upon conversion of 9,022,900 preferred shares held by TEO Inc. which are included since he is able to control the voting of those shares. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes 300,000 shares held by O'Keefe Capital Partners, LLP 
 
 ) 
 Less than 1 . 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

In addition
to the cash and equity compensation arrangements of our directors and executive officers discussed above under Director Compensation 
and Executive Compensation, the following is a description of transactions since December 27, 2012 (inception), to
which we have been a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000 and in which any of our directors, executive
officers, beneficial holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or entities affiliated with them, had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. 

There have not been any transactions
meeting the criteria of the paragraph above. 

Director Independence 

 Our Board of
Directors presently consists of two members. Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Mackay and Mr. O'Keefe are not independent, 
as defined by SEC rules adopted pursuant to the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Although our stock is not listed
for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market at this time, we are required to determine the independence of our directors by reference
to the rules of a national securities exchange. In accordance with these requirements, we have determined that Jeffrey Mackay and
John O'Keefe are not an independent director, as determined in accordance with Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Marketplace
Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. 

Mr. Mackay and Mr. O'Keefe are executive
officers of the Company, and therefore are not independent directors. 

21 

Item 14. Principal
Accounting Fees and Services 

Audit Fees 

 The aggregate
fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit
of the registrant's annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the registrant's Form 10-K or services
that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal
years ending December 31, 2019 and 2018 were: 38,000, and 9,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

 No aggregate
fees were billed in either of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the registrant's financial statements and are not reported under
item (1) for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2019 and 2018. 

Tax Fees 

 No aggregate
fees were billed for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning
for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2019 and 2018. 

All Other
Fees 

 Other fees billed
for professional services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above, for the fiscal years ending
December 31, 2019 and 2018 were 0 and 0. 

Audit Committee
Pre-Approval Policies 

 The Board acting
as our Audit Committee has approved the principal accountant's performance of services for the audit of the registrant's annual
financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by the
accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019. Audit-related
fees, tax fees, and all other fees, if any, are approved by the Board. 

Work Performed
by Others 

 The percentage
of hours expended on the principal accountant's engagement to audit the registrant's financial statements for the most recent fiscal
year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant's full-time, permanent employees was
less than 50 percent. 

22 

PART IV 

 Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of TEO Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws of TEO Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 
 
 10.1 
 Master Agreement with TEO Inc. effective September 30, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 
 
 10.2 
 Co-Pack Agreement with TARGA. Effective April 20, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 
 
 10.3 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. We entered into respective agreements on this form with 1 purchaser in June 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 
 
 10.3.1 
 Form of Secure Convertible Note. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3.1 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 
 
 10.4 
 Promissory Note July 31, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 
 
 10.5 
 Stock Purchase Agreement between NERYS USA Inc. and TEO Foods, Inc effective July 30, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 
 
 10.5.1 
 Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement between NERYS USA Inc. and TEO Foods, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from the registrant s Current Report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2019) 
 
 10.5.2 
 Amendment
 3 to Stock Purchase Agreement between NERYS USA Inc. and TEO Foods, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from the
 registrant s Quarterly Report on form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 19, 2019) 
 
 21 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 1350 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 
 
 + 
 Each of these Exhibits constitutes a management contract, compensatory plan, or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10K Summary 

None. 

23 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TEO Foods Inc. 

May 29, 2020 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey Mackay 

Jeffery Mackay 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

May 29, 2020 
 By: 
 /s/John O Keefe 

John O Keefe 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to
the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: May 29, 2020 
 /s/ Jeffrey Mackay 

Jeffrey Mackay, Director, 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date: May 29, 2020 
 /s/ John O'Keefe 

John O'Keefe, Director, 

Principal Accounting Officer 

24 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21 - SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES 

BC TEO Foods S.A. De
C.V. 

 Commercial Targa S.A.
De C.V. 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Jeffrey Mackay, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TEO Foods Inc. (the Registrant 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

May 29, 2020 

/s/ Jeffrey Mackay 

 Jeffrey Mackay 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, John O Keefe, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TEO Foods Inc. (the Registrant 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

May 29, 2020 

 /s/ John O Keefe 

 John O Keefe 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of TEO Foods Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey Mackay, interim
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

May 29, 2020 

/s/ Jeffrey Mackay 

 Jeffrey Mackay 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of TEO Foods Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John O Keefe, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

May 29, 2020 

/s/ John O Keefe 

 John O Keefe 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 teof-20191231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 teof-20191231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 teof-20191231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 teof-20191231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 teof-20191231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 teof-20191231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

