<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20210331_10-K_edgar_data_1836935_0001104659-21-044475.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>950808</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>488960</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>413048</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-21-044475.hdr.sgml : 20210331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20210331110418
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-21-044475
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Centricus Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001836935
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39993
		FILM NUMBER:		21791112

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 309, UGLAND HOUSE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		13459498066

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 309, UGLAND HOUSE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-21-044475.txt : 20210331

10-K
 1
 tm2111177d1_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition
period from _______ to _______ 

Commission File
Number 001-39993 

Centricus Acquisition Corp. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Cayman Islands 
(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 N/A 
(I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

Byron House, 7-9 St. James s Street 
 London, United Kingdom SW1A 1EE 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

+44 (0) 20-7139-4500 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each
 Class: 
 
 Trading Symbol: 
 
 Name of Each
 Exchange on Which 
Registered: 
 
 Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, 0.0001 par value, and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant 
 CENHU 
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
 
 Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units 
 CENH 
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
 
 Redeemable warrants included as part of the units 
 CENHW 
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Emerging growth company 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2020, the registrant was not a public company and, therefore,
cannot calculate the aggregate market value of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of such date. 

As of March 31, 2021, there were 34,500,000 Class A ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, and 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of
the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 56 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 56 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 56 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 56 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 57 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 58 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 58 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 60 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 60 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 60 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 60 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 60 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 62 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 68 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 68 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 70 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 71 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 73 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 74 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the context
otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated memorandum and article of association are to our Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association; 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to
time; 

equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for
our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited
to a private placement of equity or debt; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our
Initial Public Offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares
at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares ); 

Initial Public Offering are to our offering consummated on February 8, 2021 of 34,500,000 units (which includes units
issued pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriter s option to purchase additional units to cover over-allotments) at a
price of 10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant; 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and each other holder of founder shares upon the consummation of our Initial
Public Offering; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants that were issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously
with the closing of our Initial Public Offering and to be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering (whether they
were purchased in our Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent
our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management
team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering (whether they
were purchased in our Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the open market), to the private placement warrants if held by third parties
other than our sponsor (or permitted transferees), and to any private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans
that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or officers or directors (or permitted transferees), in each case, following
the consummation of our initial business combination; 

sponsor are to Centricus Heritage LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; and 

we, us, company or our company are to Centricus Acquisition Corp., a Cayman
Islands exempted company. 

1 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some of the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies
regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or
circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements
about: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business
or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance following our Initial Public Offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There
can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those
projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

2 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

We are a newly incorporated blank check company, incorporated
on November 24, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report
on Form 10-K as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities
related to our Initial Public Offering, and the evaluation of prospective acquisition targets for our initial business combination. We
have generated no operating revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial
business combination. 

While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business,
sector or geography, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify, acquire and manage a growth-oriented,
market leading business. We believe that our management team is well positioned to identify assets with attractive risk-adjusted business
profiles in the marketplace. Our network and transaction sources, ranging from industry executives, private owners, private equity funds,
and investment bankers in combination with the extensive global industry and geographical reach of our affiliates will enable us to pursue
a broad range of opportunities. Our management believes that its ability to identify and implement value creation initiatives has been
an essential driver of past performance and will remain critical to our differentiated acquisition strategy. 

Our management team has extensive experience in identifying
and executing acquisitions in North America and Europe and has done so successfully in a number of sectors. In addition, our management
has significant hands-on experience working with private companies in their capacity as active owners and directors to create shareholder
value. 

Industry Opportunity 

While we may pursue opportunities in a vast universe of potential
industries, we intend to focus our efforts around leveraging the proprietary networks of our management team and its track record of investment
success and expertise in particular sectors. 

We are well positioned to capitalize on the strengths of
its management to identify private investment opportunities that would benefit from the access to capital, operational value-add and public
markets experience that we can provide, sponsoring a compelling investment opportunity into the public markets. Given the rapidly evolving
economic and societal landscape, and through the deal flow that our management come across on a recurring basis, we believe there are
common themes that exist across our significant pipeline that will uncover an attractive investment opportunity. 

Through our Chairman, Mr. Lefebvre, and our Chief Executive
Officer, Garth Ritchie, we have unmatched connectivity across the European landscape, making us the merger partner of choice to European
companies with global business models that would benefit from a U.S. listing and access to the U.S. markets. 

The coronavirus pandemic has created a landscape where many
companies with solid historical performance and strong underlying tail winds could benefit from partnering with us and utilize the additional
capital to fund initiatives to further solidify its position in the marketplace and come out a stronger company. 

Business Strategy 

Through the leadership of our management team, we will seek
to capitalize on our experience, capabilities and successful investment approach to consummate our initial business combination. 

3 

In addition to identifying and executing acquisitions, our
management team has several decades of experience operating businesses and driving value creation initiatives across market cycles. A
key component of our acquisition strategy is to identify and implement these initiatives designed to increase shareholder value as our
team has done in the past for several companies. 

Our strategy focuses on our leadership team s deep
experience and network, which will enable them to play a differentiated role at every stage of the investment value chain: 

in-depth understanding of key technologies, trends and business models across
select sectors; 

proactive deal sourcing by leveraging a broad network of business and industry
leaders and other resources to gain proprietary access to attractive investment opportunities; 

ability to integrate investing and operating functions to effectively unlock
value and propel growth across its businesses; and 

ability to retain dedicated, specialist expertise to support due diligence,
value creation and business monitoring. 

Our Acquisition Criteria 

We intend to focus on opportunities that display the following characteristics: 

Companies that exhibit strong track records of operational performance, with
a defensible market position in industries with large and growing markets that support a compelling growth trajectory; 

Companies with compelling upside that would be unlocked through our unique
operational expertise, industry relationships, access to capital and sponsorship in the public markets; 

Companies with talented management teams in place are experts in their industries
and are prepared for entrance into the public markets; 

Companies that would benefit from access to additional capital and could
use the public currency to go on the attack to further entrench itself as an industry leader; 

Companies with a clear arbitrage as a result of repositioning the core equity
story and exhibit unrecognized value through characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the market; 

Situational opportunities including, but not limited to complex or misaligned
shareholder structures, early stage venture stakes seeking an exit, or additional capital needs; 

Companies at the forefront of shifting technological and consumer landscapes
that provide pathways to significant future growth; 

Companies ranging from 1 billion to 3 billion in transaction value, with
the ability to pursue larger opportunities that may arise; 

Companies that are value attractively relative to its key competitors; and 

Companies where we have proprietary and unique access to, partnering with
companies that recognize the value our team can provide, limiting the competitive dynamics with our competitors. 

Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the above
general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria
and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target
business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

4 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating
to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as
other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial
business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business
does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with
the SEC. 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an
extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about
the target and its industry. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors,
will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that such initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Each of our directors and officers will, directly or indirectly, own
founder shares and/or private placement warrants following our Initial Public Offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest
in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.
Further, such officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the
retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect
to our initial business combination. 

We have not selected any business combination target and we have not,
nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director
is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. As a result,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or
she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue
any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent
expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of
business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential
transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other hand. 

Our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified
amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business
activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. See Item 1A. Risk Factors
 Risks Relating to Our Management Team Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates
may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

5 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations
having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection
with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 of fair market value test. Our board of directors will make the determination
as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the
fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely
that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination,
it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant
amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target s assets or prospects. 

We may pursue an initial business combination opportunity jointly with
our sponsor, or one or more of its affiliates. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial
business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class of equity or
equity-linked securities. Any such issuance of equity or equity-linked securities would, on a fully diluted basis, reduce the percentage
ownership of our then-existing shareholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B ordinary
shares, issuances or deemed issuances of Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities would result in an adjustment to the ratio
at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares such that our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees,
if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20 of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon
completion of our Initial Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business
combination), unless the holders of a majority of the then- outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect
to such issuance or deemed issuance at the time thereof. Neither our sponsor, nor any of its affiliates, has an obligation to make any
such investment, and may compete with us for potential business combinations. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that
the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of
the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company
owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management
team or shareholders or for other reasons, including an Affiliated Joint Acquisition, as described above. However, we will only complete
such business combination if the post- transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 
or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock,
shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a
result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could
own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. 

If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired
is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80 of fair market value test. If the business combination involves more than one
target business, the 80 of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

Prior to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we filed a Registration
Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject
to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting
or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

6 

Other Considerations 

Our sponsor or its affiliates, our directors and our officers, may
sponsor other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such
companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among
investment mandates and the directors and management teams. However, we do not expect that such other blank check company would materially
affect our ability to complete our initial business offering 

Certain of our management and directors presently have or in the future
may have fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then,
subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to present such business combination opportunity to such
entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from
pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i)
no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest
or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity
for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other hand. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination
partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public
offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target
business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A ordinary
shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration
to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method
to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly
longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public
offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business
combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the
target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability
to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative
valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of
providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions.
Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and
aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure and our management team s
backgrounds makes us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such
as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved, If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

7 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging
growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended
transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1)
the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed
 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the
market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

Financial Position 

With funds available from our initial public offering and the private
placement of warrants, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital
for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are
able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have
the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business
to fit its needs and desires. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations
for an indefinite period of time following our Initial Public Offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using
cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of
our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may
enter into following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued
to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth,
which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt,
or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business
combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust
account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company,
the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase
of other companies or for working capital. 

8 

We have not selected any business combination target and we have not,
nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions with any business combination target. Accordingly, there is no current
basis for investors in our Initial Public Offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately
complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with
which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter.
Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those
risks will adversely affect a target business. 

We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial
business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account,
or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which
case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability
to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement
or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt
or otherwise. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our
attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms,
consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources
as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they
think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and know
what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target
business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions
they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities
that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While
we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions
on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting
fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage
a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be
available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our
best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee
will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors,
or their respective affiliates be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it
is). We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support
and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination.
Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following
our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection
process of an acquisition candidate. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that
such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion
in any other context. 

9 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them
in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates
of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable
for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or
contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law. See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of
Interest. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business
Combination 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an
extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about
the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine
to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure
and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree
of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business
with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds
we can use to complete another business combination. We will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective
affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter
into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial
business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities
that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we
will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our
initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact
on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective
target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the
target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills,
qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the
target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more
of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of
them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that
members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

10 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior
management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with
the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional
managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit
additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent
management. 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business
Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the
tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we
will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder
approval for business or other reasons. 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically
be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) ordinary shares that
will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of ordinary shares then issued and outstanding or (b) have voting power
equal to or in excess of 20 of the voting power then issued and outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by
Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the
target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase
in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our
undergoing a change of control. 

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed
business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
and will be based on business or other reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder
approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company
at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business
combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would
be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 

11 

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately
negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with
respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into
transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor
of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or
intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the
funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. 

If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making
any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases
are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their
affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption
rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their
prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate
that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private
transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases
that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. 

The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of
the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not
otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float 
of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate
that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated
transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in
the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business
combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they
would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for
a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted
a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related
to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders
to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will
be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities
laws. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted
from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases
would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to
such reporting requirements. 

12 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per- share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein.
The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors
who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. The redemption
rights may include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be
no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed
with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does
not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion
of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right
to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or
during any extended time that we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months as a result of a shareholder vote to amend
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association Extension Period) or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides
that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so
that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may
require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital
or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed
business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are
validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class
A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with
a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek
shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will
be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek
shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer
(which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases
would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where
we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder
vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. 

13 

If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant
to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights
described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business
combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of
a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our
management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result,
in addition to our initial purchaser s founder shares, we would need 12,937,500, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares
are voted), or 2,156,250, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 34,500,000 public
shares sold in our Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business
combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held
by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders
of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public
Offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares. 

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the
SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the
Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial
business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the
redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if
we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance
with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will
not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender
offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public
shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business
combination. 

14 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business
Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public
Offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders
from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights
against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to
the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares
are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By
limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering without our prior
consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete
our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition
that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability
to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or
Redemption Rights 

Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether
they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any)
to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders,
or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At
Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve
the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public
shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which may include the requirement
that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from
the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially
scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares
if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is
advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder.
However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their
shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must
be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank
check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies
would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote
against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her
redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her
to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after
the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the
market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually
delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware
they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the
business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior
to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is
approved. 

15 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any
time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise
agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights
and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer
agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public
shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for
any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares
for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders
who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may
continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business
Combination 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides
that we have only 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering to consummate an initial business combination. If we have
not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension
Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income
taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into
an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of
our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
frame). 

16 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary
shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or
during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such
amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by
the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot
satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares
at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor,
any executive officer, or director, or any other person. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 1,000,000 held outside
the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot
assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into
account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would
be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have
higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds
sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no
guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing
claims against the trust account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other
similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with
respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an
agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that
such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible
instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that
would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver.
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or
arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any
reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the
extent any claims by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public
accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the
amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in
the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in
the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such
liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights
to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our Initial Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified
whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of
our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and
prospective target businesses. 

17 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less
than 10.00 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to
indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our Initial
Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to 1,000,000 following
our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs
and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event
that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received
funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount
of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. 

If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/ creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account
prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from
the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period, (ii) in connection with
a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of
our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our
initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24
months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the
completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a
shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the
subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period, with respect to such Class A
ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust
account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting
in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an
applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above.
These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

18 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our
initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including
other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses seeking strategic
acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives
others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public
shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our
outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either
of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our executive offices at Byron House, 7-9 St.
James s Street, London SW1A 1EE, United Kingdom. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we
agreed to pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have two executive officers. These individuals are not
obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary
to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary
based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process
we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with
the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported
on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of
the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders.
These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), or International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS ),
depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us
to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the
prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition
candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target
business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that
these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of
potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

19 

We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not
be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal
controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any
such acquisition. 

Prior to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we filed a Registration
Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject
to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting
or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman
Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions
of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government
that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the
date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations
will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in
the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii)
by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders
or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging
growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended
transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1)
the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

20 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as
defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by
non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million
during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 700
million as of the prior June 30. 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding
currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

21 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk.
You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition
and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to
vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our
initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction
was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business
combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and
will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of
our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

Please see the section entitled Item 1. Business Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination,
our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our
public shareholders vote. 

Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our
outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares
prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek shareholder
approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands
law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. As
a result, in addition to our sponsor s founder shares, we would need 12,937,500, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares
are voted), or 2,156,250, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 34,500,000 public
shares sold in our Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business
combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and
each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive
the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding
a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided
with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a
business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the
business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will
be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our
initial business combination. 

22 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares
for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to
enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement
with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many
public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not
be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause
our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and payment of deferred underwriting
commissions (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset
or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all
properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial
business combination and payment of deferred underwriting commissions or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition
as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate
business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination
transaction with us. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our
capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination,
we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based
on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires
us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In
addition, if a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion
of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve
dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase
to the extent that the anti- dilution provisions of the Class B ordinary shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a
greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination. The above
considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.
The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in
connection with an initial business combination. The per- share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their
redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will
continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a
portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would
not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate
liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro
rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit
of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

23 

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit
the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution
deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations
concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may
be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time
frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination
on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem
our public shares and liquidate. 

We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate
an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period. Our
ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital
and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally
and, while the extent of the impact of the pandemic on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our
initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing
being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the pandemic may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire.
If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that,
if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures
with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less
than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination,
our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence
a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor,
directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions
or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation
to do so. 

24 

However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage
in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account
will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors
or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise
their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose
of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder
approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted
to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of
our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float 
of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject
to such reporting requirements. See Item 1. Business Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities 
for a description of how our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase
securities from in any private transaction. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business
with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic
and the status of debt and equity markets. 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have
surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including the United States.
On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health
Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public
health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World
Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted, and a significant outbreak
of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets
worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely
affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict
travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers
are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business
combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may
emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed
by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent
on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased
market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem
our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares,
such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as
applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these
rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not
become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various
procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to
comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Item 1. Business Business Strategy 
Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or the Exercise of
Redemption Rights. 

25 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to
hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class
A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public
Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem
the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material
loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number
of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition
for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated
our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public
share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having
a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check
companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals
and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of
companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other
resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those
of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds
of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition
of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of
our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder
vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business
combination. 

Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time
period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

26 

If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 24 months following
the closing of our Initial Public Offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses
and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members
of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of
the private placement warrants, approximately 1,000,000 is available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital
requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our
sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following
the closing of our Initial Public Offering; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates
or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us,
we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business.
We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent
designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more
favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention
to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently
required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching
for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow
funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate.
Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such
advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business
combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50
per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of
our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our
management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights
to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period
because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently,
our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds
from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other
entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute
such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party
refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of
the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management
believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request
of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses
refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Marcum LLP, our independent
registered public accounting firm, and the underwriter of the offering, will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the
monies held in the trust account. 

27 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party
that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are
believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases
where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such
entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if
we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during
any Extension Period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be
required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years
following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per
public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor has
agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent auditors) for
services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per
public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax
obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed
a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the
underwriter of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in
the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the
extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe
that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to
satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our
initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able
to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of
your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims
by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations
of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims
of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the
fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except
to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any
indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or
(ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage
shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may
have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these
indemnification provisions. 

28 

The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust
account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value
of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds
from the sale of the private placement warrants, in the amount of 345,000,000 may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations
having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term
U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years.
Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve
has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative
yields, the amount of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay income taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held
in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below 345,000,000 as a result of negative
interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00
per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us
to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages,
by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

29 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment
Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it
difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company
Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, 

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial
business combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject
to. 

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing,
reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment
securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated
basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or
assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan
to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject
us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets.
By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses
for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to
avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended
as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the
redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the
right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension
Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our
completing an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period,
our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do
not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject
to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have
not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination
within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less than such amount
in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

30 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any
laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination,
and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional
and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and
monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation
and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments
and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have
a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results
of operations. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance
could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance
for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability
coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable.
There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain
directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination
entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and
officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified
officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination,
our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior
to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity
may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance
would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an
initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait
beyond such 24 months before redemption from our trust account. 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24
months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described
herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. 

If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute
such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution
must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond such time period
before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of
the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation
unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our
redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination
and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

31 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties
against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions
received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution
was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to
recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary
duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public
shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to
be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would
be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation
of our initial business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are
not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is
no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an
annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with
management. Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each
class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a two-year term. 

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote
on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. 

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder
shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment
of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may
remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior
to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies,
our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination
at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate,
on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our Initial
Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise
of any equity- linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation
of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible
into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private
placement warrants issued to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital
loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different
than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the sponsor will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number
of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. 

32 

Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations
that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only
approximately 10.00 per public share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and
our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business
and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial
management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial
business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if
we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number
of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially
adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business
combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less than
such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make it more
difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of
our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor
and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible,
the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants.
We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for
trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence
of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees
are registered for resale. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business
in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except
that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business
combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached
any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any
particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the
extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which
we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings,
we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. 

Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors
or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave
us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you
that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity
were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in
value. 

33 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors
which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We will consider a business combination outside of our management s
area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business
combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business
combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot
assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our Initial Public Offering
than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition
outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation
or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management s expertise
would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the
business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that
we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target
that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination
may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating
prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not
have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of
these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria
and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and
guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing
condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder
approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval
for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the
target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within
the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less than such amount in
certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an investment banking
firm or another independent entity, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying
for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated
entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained,
our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally
accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
related to our initial business combination. 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference
shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination.
We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of
our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 165,500,000 and
11,375,000 authorized Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does
not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the
Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such
Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination as
described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As of March 31, 2021, there are no
preference shares issued and outstanding. 

34 

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares
or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial
business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the
Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution
provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things,
that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders
thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented
to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. 

These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder
vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our Initial Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution
provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon
conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded
our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our
ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and
directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking
to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with
our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject
to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is
located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction
in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We
do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may
be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

35 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur
substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively
impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt, or to otherwise incur debt following our Initial Public Offering, we may choose to incur
substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness
unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust
account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless,
the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our
inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while
the debt is outstanding; 

our
inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using
a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations
on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of
our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to complete one business combination with
the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent
on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations
and profitability. 

The net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the
private placement warrants provided us with up to 345,000,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking
into account the 12,075,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated expenses of our Initial
Public Offering and working capital expenses). 

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target
business or multiple- target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our
initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting
issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the
financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business
combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments.
Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike
other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a
single industry. 

36 

Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive
and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent
to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations
with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased
costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are
owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous
closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business
combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect
to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent
assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to
adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with
a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as
profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our
initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and
we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information,
which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with a high degree of complexity
that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with large, highly complex companies
that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts
are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large
complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of
the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or
assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational
improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore,
some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that
those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with
a smaller, less complex organization. 

37 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The
absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial
majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does
not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders
do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into
privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the
aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus
any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for
redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank
check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their
warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders
may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies
have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements.
For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the
time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the
warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will
require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least
two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require
a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement
warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding
private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require us to provide our
public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class
A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering
or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.
To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered in our Initial
Public Offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing
the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the
holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment
threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their
charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s
shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these
provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provides that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the placement of warrants into the trust
account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as
described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors
prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our
ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our
Class B ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares, and will
participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will
have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank
check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders
may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

38 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant
to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A)
that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per- share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders
are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against
our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders
would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our
initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon
a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we
have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If
the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because
of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation
to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to
seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available
on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing.
To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be
compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business
candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive
only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require
such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material
adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required
to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 

39 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class
A ordinary shares or equity- linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the
consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00
per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the
Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with
a target business. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business
financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect
to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement
disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents,
whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial
reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some
targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and
complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make
it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the
time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and
report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in
the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will
we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial
reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome
on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination
may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of
the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to
complete any such acquisition. 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of
your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business
with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business,
that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the
target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down
or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses.
Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may
materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not
have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market
perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to
which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining
post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination
could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in
value. 

40 

After our initial business combination, it is possible that a
majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States;
therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority
of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States.
As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to
effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil
liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

Risks Relating to Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign
Countries 

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities
outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing
to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety
of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside
of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations,
including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a
foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price
based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company,
we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including
any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers, including the impact of ongoing trade wars between the United States and certain foreign countries; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

41 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If
we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations
might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If the management following our initial business combination
is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could
lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, our management may resign
from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination
will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar
with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive
and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

After our initial business combination, substantially all of
our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country.
Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions
and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government
policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically
and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy
experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease
in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with
which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business
to become profitable. 

42 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a
target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income
would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely
affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected
by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting
currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial
condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that
we are able to consummate such transaction. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with
our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may
not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate
the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction
may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction
may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under
any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory
matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies,
including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are
publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and
regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and expenses and a diversion of management time
and attention from seeking a business combination target. 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject
to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result
in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance
practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business
may be harmed. 

Risks Relating to Our Management Team 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and
their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals
and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers
and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are
not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their
time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. 

The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors
or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

43 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our
initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be
ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions
following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place.
While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our
assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company
regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates
may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of the business we may acquire. 

Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes
only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability
to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You
should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance
of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating
special purpose acquisition companies. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements
with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned
on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial
business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination
is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the
completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with
the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could
provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render
to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation
a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying
and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following
consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors,
as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective
target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack
of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove
to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to retain their securities following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for
such reduction in value. 

44 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign
upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the
completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an
acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination,
it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time
to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict
of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will
not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be
entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week
to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers 
and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors other business affairs,
please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers. 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in
the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly,
may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Following the completion of our Initial Public Offering and until we
consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses
or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential
target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law. 

In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future
become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may
have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not
be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation
to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or
an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly
in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being
offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or
officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other hand. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their
respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our
directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in
any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we
may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive
officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for
their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict
between their interests and ours. 

45 

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers
may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently,
our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of
interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders 
best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or
our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately
be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target
businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors which may raise
potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and
directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors.
Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Our sponsor, officers and directors may
sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business
combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently
aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated,
and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not
be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined
that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in Item 1. Business 
Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination 
and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness
to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated
with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the
business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose
their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may
acquire during or after our Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination
target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On December 18, 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately
 0.003 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001.
On February 3, 2021, we effected a share capitalization resulting in 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. On
February 5, 2021 our sponsor transferred 20,000 founder shares to our independent director. Prior to the initial investment in the
company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was
determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be
worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 6,266,667
private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a
price of 1.50 per warrant, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering. If we
do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any
Extension Period, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive
officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an
initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may
become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of our Initial Public Offering nears, which is the deadline for our
consummation of an initial business combination. 

46 

Risks relating to Our Securities 

We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place
when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless
basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement,
we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our
initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those
Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example,
any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus
relating to our Initial Public Offering, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete
or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities
Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in
which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a
maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable
for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless
the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder,
or an exemption from registration is available. 

Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the
time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered
security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their
warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect,
we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to
register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on
a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company
because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In
no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in
the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption
is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration
or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire
worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price
solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists
for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of
the public warrants included as part of units sold in our Initial Public Offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted
transferees (which may include our management team) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their
warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our
redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state
securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their
warrants. 

47 

Our ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such
warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration statement covering the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their
exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash. 

If we call the warrants for redemption, we will have the option, in
our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. If we choose to require holders
to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number
of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or her
warrant for cash. For example, if the holder is exercising 875 public warrants at 11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when the
Class A ordinary shares have a fair market value of 17.50 per share, then upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 Class
A ordinary shares. The holder would have received 875 Class A ordinary shares if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will have the
effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will
hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. 

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security
other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. 

In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity
in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result,
if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company
of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially
reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial
business combination. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target
business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills,
qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business
combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does
not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders
prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post- business combination company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue
a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests
of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number
of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding
Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings
resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger portion of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly,
this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

48 

Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us
and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of
our outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote,
potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association. If our initial shareholders purchase any units or Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated
transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have
any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Factors that
would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A
ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is divided into two classes, each
of which will generally serve for a terms for two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold
an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case
all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an
annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will
be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the
outcome. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may
remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at
least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be
adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result,
the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary
shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the
warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including
to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares
as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or
questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties
deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least
50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders
of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least
50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private
placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the
then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least
50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase
the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary
shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any
time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price
of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like or as indicated above) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on
the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when
the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying
securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the
holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants
and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current
market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

49 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants
at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days 
prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per
share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading
days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that
certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class
A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received
upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a
later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including
because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective
of the remaining life of the warrants. 

None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us (with
certain exceptions) so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of
our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued in a private placement an aggregate of 6,266,667 private
placement warrants to our sponsor, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.
In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000
of such loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. 

To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to
effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise
of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase
the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the
business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of
acquiring the target business. 

Because each unit contains one-fourth of one redeemable warrant
and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. 

Each unit contains one-fourth of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to
the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise
of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest
whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar
to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. 

We have established the components of the units in this way in order
to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the
aggregate for one-fourth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus
making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to
be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to
investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the
sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business
that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws.
However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,001 upon the completion of our Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the private placement warrants and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this
fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. 

50 

General Risk Factors 

We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history
and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a recently incorporated exempted company under the laws of the
Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to
achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements
or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business
combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, 
which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is
included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse
U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent
taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances the application
of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception.
Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year.
Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if
we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as
the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S.
Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide
such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to
consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions
and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with our company . 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i)
any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities
Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement.
If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other
than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions
(an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action
by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

51 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability
to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively,
if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified
types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and
resources of our management and board of directors. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging
growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result,
our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging
growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we
will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that
have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange
Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to
opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non- emerging growth companies but any such an
election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard
is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt
the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial
statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out
of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed
 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the
market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent
we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies
difficult or impossible. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands,
you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be
limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive
officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

52 

Our corporate affairs and the rights of shareholders are governed by
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time
to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights
of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors
to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands
is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions
of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and
the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial
precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared
to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate
law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the
United States. 

Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies like the company
have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records or to obtain copies of the register of members of these companies.
Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to determine whether or not, and under
what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders.
This may make it more difficult for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or
to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal
counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original
actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal
securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those
circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts
of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial
on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay
the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands,
such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent
with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a
kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple
damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings
are being brought elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more
difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling
shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class
A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains
provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference
shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which
have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management
and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

53 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information
theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure
and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on,
or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to
corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without
significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient
resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any
of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Since only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote
on the appointment of directors, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and,
as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 

Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment
of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate
governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by
an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance
requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under
 the rules of Nasdaq; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the
committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written
charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with
the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize
some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all
of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust
account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares
or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from
the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in
connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described
herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our
Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial
Public Offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our
Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period, subject to applicable law and as
further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote
described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent
completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24
months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares
so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account.
Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to
liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

54 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange,
which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are currently listed
on Nasdaq. Although after giving effect to our Initial Public Offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing
standards set forth in Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq
in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial
business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount
in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). 

Additionally, our units will not be traded after completion of our
initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with
Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain
the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. 

For instance, in order for our shares to be listed upon the consummation
of our business combination, at such time, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholders 
equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of
our securities, with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange
and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter
market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited
availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
liquidity for our securities; 

a determination
that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to
adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited
amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased
ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a
federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered
securities. Because our units are approved to be, and we expect that eventually our Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be,
listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states
are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there
is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities
in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued
by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and
might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further,
if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject
to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

55 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We maintain our principal executive offices at Byron House, 7-9 St.
James s Street, London SW1A 1EE, United Kingdom. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we
pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate
for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently
pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

56 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on
the Nasdaq under the symbols CENHU, CENH and CENHW, respectively. Our units commenced public
trading on February 4, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on March 29, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

As of December 31, 2020, there was no holder of record of our units,
Class A ordinary shares or warrants, and one holder of our Class B ordinary shares. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date
and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in
the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to
completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will
be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and
does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with
our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Concurrently with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor
purchased 6,266,667 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating proceeds of approximately
 9,400,000. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of
the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the trust
account. If the company does not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering,
the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are substantially similar to the warrants underlying
the units issued in the Initial Public Offering, except that they are non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they
are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees. The sponsor and the company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited
exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their private placement warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial
business combination. The sale of the private placement warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Use of Proceeds 

In connection with our Initial Public
Offering, we incurred 19,559,564 in transaction costs (including 6,900,000 of underwriting fees, 12,075,000 of deferred
underwriting fees and 584,564 of other offering costs). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of formation and
preparation fees related to the Initial Public Offering. Our sponsor and its affiliate had loaned us an aggregate of 300,000 to
cover expenses related to our Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note. This loan was non-interest bearing and became
payable upon the completion of our Initial Public Offering. 

57 

After deducting the underwriting discounts and
commissions (excluding the deferred portion of approximately 12,075,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will
be payable upon consummation of our initial business combination, if consummated) and our Initial Public Offering expenses, 345,000,000
of the net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants (or 10.00 per unit sold
in our Initial Public Offering) was placed in the trust account. Following the Initial Public Offering, we had 2,465,045 of cash held
outside of the trust account and will be used to fund our operating expenses. The net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and certain
proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants are held in the trust account and are invested in U.S. government treasury bills
with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related
thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

 We are a blank check company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands on November 24, 2020 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant
costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial business combination will be
successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2020 were organizational activities
and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until
after the completion of our initial business combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on
marketable securities held after the Initial Public Offering. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with
searching for, and completing, an initial business combination. 

For the period from November 24, 2020 (inception)
through December 31, 2020, we had a net loss of 5,000, which consisted of formation and operating expenses. 

58 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2020, we had no cash. Until
the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of ordinary shares by our sponsor
and loans from our sponsor. 

On February 8, 2021, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 34,500,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, which included the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment
option in the amount of 4,500,000 Units, generating gross proceeds of 345,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, we consummated the sale of 6,266,667 Private Placement Warrants to our sponsor at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant
generating gross proceeds of 9,400,000. 

Following the Initial Public Offering, the full
exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of 345,000,000 was placed in the trust
account, and we had 2,465,045 of cash held outside of the trust account, after payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering,
and available for working capital purposes. We incurred 19,559,564 in transaction costs, including 6,900,000 of underwriting fees, 12,075,000
of deferred underwriting fees and 584,564 of other offering costs. 

We intend to use substantially all of
the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account, which interest shall be
net of taxes payable and excluding deferred underwriting commissions, to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest
from the trust account to pay taxes, if any. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration
to complete an initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance
the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

We intend to use the funds held outside
the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review
corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination,
we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that an initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds
from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business
combination entity, at a price of 1.50 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. 

We do not believe we will need to raise
additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying
a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount
necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover,
we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem
a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities
or incur debt in connection with such initial business combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2020. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

59 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay our sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000
for office space, secretarial, and administrative and support services. 

The underwriter is entitled to a deferred
fee of 0.35 per unit, or 12,075,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held
in the trust account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have not identified any critical accounting policies. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included
herein by reference. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2020, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange
Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and
procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected
all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly
on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

60 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

61 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our directors and
officers are as follows: 

NAME 
 AGE 
 POSITION 
 
 Manfredi Lefebvre d Ovidio 
 67 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Garth Ritchie 
 52 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Cristina Levis 
 40 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Secretary 
 
 Nicholas Taylor 
 61 
 Director 

Manfredi Lefebvre d Ovidio has been our Chairman
of the board of directors since December 2020. Mr. Lefebvre is Chairman of Heritage Group, a diversified conglomerate with interests in
the cruise industry, property and financial investments. In 2001, Mr. Lefebvre took control of Silversea Cruises and assumed the role
of Executive Chairman from 2001 to 2020. During this period, Mr. Lefebvre transformed Silversea Cruises from a cruise line with three
vessels to a market leader covering over 900 destinations worldwide. Further, he expanded the product range of Silversea Cruises by adding
an expedition fleet, which quickly became a leader in luxury expedition cruising as well. In 2018, Mr. Lefebvre sold two-thirds equity
stake of Silversea Cruises to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. for 1 billion. Heritage Group recently acquired a majority stake in the high-
end tour operator Abercrombie Kent with Mr. Lefebvre also becoming co-Chairman of its board. Mr. Lefebvre serves as the President
of the Monaco Chamber of Shipping, Member of Executive Committee of the World Tourism and Travel Council, and has held a number of key
roles in Cruise Lines International Association, including European Chairman, Member of the Global Executive Committee, and Chairman from
2007 to 2013. Mr. Lefebvre was honored with the Chevalier de l Ordre de Saint Charles and Grimaldi by SAS Prince Albert of Monaco.
We believe that Mr. Lefebvre s extensive experience at multinational institutions will give our board of directors a broad understanding
of the industries in which we seek to acquire a target business. 

Garth Ritchie has been our Chief Executive Officer and
a director since December 2020. Mr. Ritchie has over 25 years of experience in banking and finance where he has held a number of senior
leadership positions. In 1996, Mr. Ritchie joined Deutsche Bank in the Johannesburg office and went on to become a member of the Global
Markets Executive Committee in 2009 as Head of Equities. In January 2016, Mr. Ritchie was appointed to Deutsche Bank s Management
Board with responsibility for Deutsche Bank s markets division. In 2017, he became Co-Head of the newly created Corporate 
Investment Bank. In 2018, he became its sole Head and was appointed as President. In June 2020, Mr. Ritchie joined Centricus, a London-based
global investment firm, where he leads the firm s capital markets and advisory business. Mr. Ritchie earned his B.A. in Finance
and Economics from the University of Port Elizabeth.We believe that Mr. Ritchie s significant leadership, investment and financial
experience make him well qualified to serve as a member of the board of directors. 

Cristina Levis has been our Chief Financial Officer,
Chief Investment Officer and Secretary since December 2020. Ms. Levis started her career at a financial services firm in Switzerland before
joining the securitisation team of Banca Finint in Italy, where she went on to manage the structured finance practice of Banca Finint
in Luxembourg. In 2011, Ms. Levis joined Silversea Cruises as Chief Business Development Officer and assumed the role of Managing Director
of Silversea Expeditions. In 2019, Ms. Levis was appointed Chief Investment Officer of Monaco- based diversified investment company Heritage
Group. Ms. Levis also serves as Vice Chairman of Abercrombie Kent, Chairman of Bucksense, Inc. and serves on the board of directors
of Orbital Solutions Monaco. Ms. Levis earned her B.A. and Masters in Economics and Finance from C Foscari University. 

62 

Nicholas Taylor has been our director since
February 2021. Mr. Taylor has been an independent director with Altair Partners Limited, based in Jersey, Channel Islands, since May
2018. Prior to joining Altair, Mr. Taylor served as an independent consultant from July 2017 to April 2018. From October 1994 to
June 2017, Mr. Taylor was at Ashburton Investments International Holdings Limited, the FirstRand Group s offshore businesses,
which included investment management, trust services and fund administration, where Mr. Taylor was initially Finance Director and
then later became Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Taylor has multi-jurisdictional experience, including
board appointments in Jersey, Guernsey, Isle of Man, Luxembourg and Mauritius. Mr. Taylor has also served on a number of audit
committees and is currently the chair of the audit committee for a private Jersey based investment management business. Mr. Taylor
is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and gained a BSc (Hons) in Electrical and Electronic
Engineering from the University of Portsmouth in 1981. We believe that Mr. Taylor s significant leadership, investment and
financial experience make him well qualified to serve as a member of the board of directors. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors is divided into two classes, with only one class
of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general
meeting) serving a two-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual
general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class
of directors, consisting of Mr. Taylor, will expire at our first annual general meeting and the term of office of the second class of
directors, consisting of Manfredi Lefebvre d Ovidio and Garth Ritchie, will expire at our second annual general meeting. 

Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy
on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the
completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors
for any reason. 

Pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor,
upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to
our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the
discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons
to the offices pursuant to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of such officers as may be determined
by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee,
a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has
the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

Nicholas Taylor, Garth Ritchie and Manfredi Lefebvre d Ovidio
serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Taylor is independent. Mr. Taylor serves as the
Chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee meets the financial literacy requirements of Nasdaq and our board
of directors has determined that Mr. Taylor qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC
rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

The audit committee operates pursuant to a charter and is responsible
for: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting
firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered
public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit
partner having primary responsibility for the 

 audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the
audit as required by law; 

63 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance
with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit
services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public
accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of
the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor
regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment
of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial
statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms
of our Initial Public Offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance
or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our Initial Public Offering; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing
shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will
be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval 

Nominating Committee 

The members of our nominating committee are Nicholas Taylor, Garth
Ritchie and Manfredi Lefebvre d Ovidio, and Nicholas Taylor serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Our board of directors
has determined that Mr. Taylor is independent. 

The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection
of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management,
shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting nominees are specified in the nominating
committee s charter, which provides that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements
in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and
experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds
to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism
and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders . 

The nominating committee considers a number of qualifications
relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s
candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as
financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall
experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not
distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

64 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our compensation committee are Nicholas Taylor, Garth
Ritchie and Manfredi Lefebvre d Ovidio, and Nicholas Taylor serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 

Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Taylor is
independent. The compensation committee operates pursuant to a charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation
committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate
goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer, evaluating our Chief Financial Officer s
and Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if
any) of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other
Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation
equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement
and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments
and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included
in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate,
to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its
sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible
for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation
consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser,
including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year
has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of
directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and
employees. Our Code of Ethics is available at our website. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of
our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K or on our website to the extent required by SEC rules. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following
fiduciary duties: 

65 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests;
and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is
not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge,
skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in
relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a
position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However,
in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided
that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our
sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to
which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not
believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential
conflicts of interest: 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in
a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses.
We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers
is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are
not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our sponsor and our directors and executive officers entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they agreed to waive their
redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
Additionally, our sponsor agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our
directors and executive officers agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year
after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price
of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or
other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. The private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business
combination. Because some of directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest
in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

66 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making the acquisition through a joint
venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business
combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent
accounting firm, that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to
obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or
any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for
any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing on the closing
of our Initial Public Offering, we also started to reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative
services provided to us in an amount not to exceed 10,000 per month. 

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will
be resolved in our favor. 

In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our
public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor agreed to vote its founder shares, and it and the members of our management team agreed to
vote any shares purchased during or after the offering, in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s
memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision
may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default,
fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification
of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such,
except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We purchased a policy of directors and officers 
liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances
and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Our officers and directors agreed to waive any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they
may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account
for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient
funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from
bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect
of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful,
might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the
extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. 

67 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements
are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

On February 5, 2021, our sponsor transferred 20,000 founder shares
to Nicholas Taylor. None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing
on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and
our liquidation, we will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us
in the amount of 10,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be
reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses
and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were
made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination
are made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect
to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our management team for their out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination.
Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, is paid by the
company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business
combination. 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these
fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such
fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible
for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined,
or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors
or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management
team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or
all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business
combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence
our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management
to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with
any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits
upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 31, 2021 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the
beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary share; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

68 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 34,500,000 Class
A ordinary shares (which includes Class A ordinary shares that are underlying the units) and 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding
as of February 8, 2021. Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares owned
beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares
vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one
basis. The table below does not include the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants held by our sponsor because
these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Class
 B ordinary shares 
 Class
 A ordinary shares 

Name
 of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Number
 of 
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned 
 Approximate
 
Percentage of 
Class 
 Number
 of 
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned 
 Approximate
 
Percentage of 
Class 
 Approximate
 
Percentage of 
Voting 
Control 
 
 Centricus Heritage LLC (our sponsor) (2) 
 8,605,000 
 99.8 

99.8 
 
 Empyrean Capital Overseas Master Fund, Ltd. and affiliates
 (3) 

1,726,093 
 5.0 
 5.0 
 
 Manfredi Lefebvre d Ovidio 

Garth Ritchie 

Cristina Levis 

Nicholas Taylor 
 20,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group 
 20,000 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders
is Byron House, 7-9 St. James s Street, London SW1A 1EE United Kingdom. 

(2) Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Our sponsor is
governed by four managers Nizar Al-Bassam, Carlo Calabria, Garth Ritchie and Cristina Levis. Each manager has one
vote, and the approval of all managers is required to approve an action of our sponsor. Under the so-called rule of three, 
if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by three or more individuals, and a voting or dispositive
decision requires the approval of at least a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner
of the entity s securities. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no manager of our sponsor exercises voting or dispositive control
over any of the securities held by our sponsor, even those in which he or she directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of
them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares. 

(3) Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Empyrean
Capital Overseas Master Fund, Ltd., Empyrean Capital Partners, LP and Amos Meron, based solely on the Schedule 13G filed jointly by Capital
Overseas Master Fund, Ltd., Empyrean Capital Partners, LP and Amos Meron with the SEC on February 16, 2021. The address of the principal
business office of each of Empyrean Capital Overseas Master Fund, Ltd., Empyrean Capital Partners, LP and Amos Meron is c/o Empyrean Capital
Partners, LP, 10250 Constellation Boulevard, Suite 2950, Los Angeles, CA 90067. Empyrean Capital Partners, LP serves as investment manager
to Empyrean Capital Overseas Master Fund, Ltd. Mr. Amos Meron serves as the managing member of Empyrean Capital, LLC, the general partner
of Empyrean Capital Partners, LP. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors are deemed to be our promoter 
as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

69 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

On December 18, 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003
per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On February
3, 2021, we effected a share capitalization resulting in our sponsor holding an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares. On February 5,
2021, our sponsor transferred 20,000 founder shares to our independent director. The number of founder shares issued was determined based
on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding shares upon completion of our Initial Public
Offering. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited
exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

Our sponsor purchased 6,266,667 private placement warrants for a purchase
price of 1.50 per whole warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering.
Our sponsor s interest in this transaction is valued at 9,400,000. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder
until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

As more fully discussed in the section of this Annual Report on Form
10-K entitled Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, if any of our
officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which
he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

We currently maintain our executive offices at Byron House, 7-9 St.
James s Street, London SW1A 1EE, United Kingdom. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we
pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services, commencing on the date that our securities are
first listed on Nasdaq. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting
fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection
with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors
or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on
the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with
an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts
out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use
a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would
be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option
of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise
period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not
believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our
trust account. 

70 

After our initial business combination, members of our management team
who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed
to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time
of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination
business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant
to which our sponsor are entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable
upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion
of the founder shares, and, upon consummation of our initial business combination, to nominate three individuals for appointment to our
board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The audit committee of our board of directors operates pursuant to
a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions
required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the
audit committee is provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the
transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the
benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related
party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if
so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction.
Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party
transaction. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors
be independent within one year of our Initial Public Offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. 

Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement for our Initial
Public Offering, we had one independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined
that Nicholas Taylor is an independent director under applicable SEC and Nasdaq listing rules. We intend to appoint two additional independent
directors to our board, one within ninety (90) days of our Initial Public Offering and one within one year of our Initial Public Offering,
pursuant to the Nasdaq phase-in provisions for initial public offerings. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at
which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant
Fees and Services 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to
be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . During the period from November
24, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 70,000
for the services Marcum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the audit of our December 31, 2020 financial statements
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Audit-Related Fees. During the period from
November 24, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and
related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

71 

Tax Fees . During the period from November
24, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax
compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees . During the period from
November 24, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent
registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial
Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior
to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a
going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed
for us by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

72 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

(2) 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 We hereby file as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 the exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 

10.1 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the registrant and Centricus Heritage LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021) 

10.3 
 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement among the Registrant, Centricus Heritage LLC and the holders signatory thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement between the registrant, Centricus Heritage LLC and each director and executive officer of the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement between the registrant and Centricus Heritage LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Indemnity Agreement between the registrant and Garth Ritchie (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021) 

73 

10.7 
 
 Indemnity Agreement between the registrant and Manfredi Lefebvre d Ovidio (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021) 

10.8 
 
 Indemnity Agreement between the registrant and Cristina Levis (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021) 

10.9 
 
 Indemnity Agreement between the registrant and Nicholas Taylor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021) 

10.10 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement between the registrant and Centricus Heritage LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 31, 2020). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

74 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

March 31, 2021 

CENTRICUS ACQUISITION CORP. 

/s/ Garth Ritchie 

Name: Garth Ritchie 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Manfredi Lefebvre d Ovidio 
 Manfredi Lefebvre d Ovidio 
 Chairman 
 March 31, 2021 

/s/ Garth Ritchie 
 Garth Ritchie 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 March 31, 2021 

/s/ Cristina Levis 
 Cristina Levis 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Secretary 
 March 31, 2021 

/s/ Nicholas Taylor 
 Nicholas Taylor 
 Director 
 March 31, 2021 

75 

CENTRICUS ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheet 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholder s Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-15 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholder and Board of Directors of Centricus
Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Centricus Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2020, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholder s
equity and cash flows for the period from November 24, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from
November 24, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

New York, NY 

 March 31, 2021 

F- 2 

CENTRICUS ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEET 

 DECEMBER 31, 2020 

ASSETS 

Deferred offering costs 
 216,584 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 
 216,584 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accrued offering costs 
 121,593 
 
 Promissory note related party 
 74,991 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 196,584 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Shareholder s Equity 

Preference shares, 0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding 

Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 8,625,000 shares issued and outstanding (1) 
 863 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 24,137 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (5,000 
 
 Total Shareholder s Equity 
 20,000 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY 
 216,584 

(1) 
 Included an aggregate of up to 1,125,000 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment option was exercised (see Note 5). On February 3, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting in 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding (see Note 5). All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

CENTRICUS ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 24, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Formation and operating costs 
 5,000 
 
 Net Loss 
 (5,000 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 
 7,500,000 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share 
 (0.00 

(1) 
 Excluded an aggregate of up to 1,125,000 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment option was exercised (see Note 5). On February 3, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting in 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding (see Note 5). All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

CENTRICUS ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S
EQUITY 

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 24, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Class
 B 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance November 24, 2020 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1) 
 8,625,000 
 863 
 24,137 
 
 25,000 

Net loss 

(5,000 
 (5,000 

Balance December 31, 2020 
 8,625,000 
 863 
 24,137 
 (5,000 
 20,000 

(1) 
 Included an aggregate of up to 1,125,000 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment option was exercised (see Note 5). On February 3, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting in 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding (see Note 5). All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

CENTRICUS ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 24, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 
 (5,000 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Payment of formation costs through issuance of Class B ordinary shares 
 5,000 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 
 74,991 
 
 Payment of offering costs 
 (74,991 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 
 121,593 
 
 Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of Class B ordinary shares 
 20,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS 

Centricus Acquisition Corp.
(the Company is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on November 24, 2020. The
Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses Business Combination ). 

The Company is not limited
to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of completing a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging
growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies 

As of December 31, 2020,
the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from November 24, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2020 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which is described
below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The
Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. 

The registration statement
for the Company s Initial Public Offering became effective on February 3, 2021. On February 8, 2021, the Company consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 34,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included
in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment
option in the amount of 4,500,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 345,000,000 which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 6,266,667 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Centricus Heritage LLC (the Sponsor ), generating
gross proceeds of 9,400,000, which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted
to 19,559,564, consisting of 6,900,000 of underwriting fees, 12,075,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 584,564 of other offering
costs. 

Following the closing of
the Initial Public Offering on February 8, 2021, an amount of 345,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of
the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust
Account ), and will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act of 1940 as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended
investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company
Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution
of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below, except that interest earned on the Trust Account
can be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations permitted withdrawals ). 

The Company s management
has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward completing a Business Combination.
The Company must complete its initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal
to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and taxes
payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will
only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully
effect a Business Combination. 

The Company will
provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business
Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by the Company. The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of
the amount held in the Trust Account (initially 10.00 per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a
Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to the Company to pay its tax obligations. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with
respect to the Company s warrants. 

F- 7 

If the Company seeks shareholder
approval in connection with a Business Combination, it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination,
which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who vote at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote
is not required under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote
for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender
offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing
a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to
vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving
a Business Combination and to waive its redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
a Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares, without voting, and if
they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination or don t vote at all. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any
affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming
its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

The Sponsor has agreed (a) to
waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business
Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) to modify
the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or during any shareholder-approved extension period or (ii) with respect
to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides
the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

The Company will have until
February 8, 2023 or during any shareholder-approved extension period to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). 

If the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any), and (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to its
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no
redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company
fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The Sponsor has agreed
to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period and the Company s shareholders have not amended the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association to extend such Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public
Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a
Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to its deferred underwriting
commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the
Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available
to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the
assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit 10.00). 

F- 8 

The Sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company,
or by a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds
in the Trust Account to below (1) 10.00 per Public Share or (2) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account
as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the amount
of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity
of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a
third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to
reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent public accountants), prospective target businesses or other entities
with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Going Concern and Management's
Plan 

Prior to the completion of
the initial public offering, the Company lacked the liquidity it needed to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is
considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statement. The Company has since completed its Initial Public Offering
at which time capital in excess of the funds deposited in the Trust Account and/or used to fund offering expenses was released to the
Company for general working capital purposes. Accordingly, management has since reevaluated the Company's liquidity and financial condition
and determined that sufficient capital exists to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one
year from the issuance date of the financial statements and therefore substantial doubt has been alleviated. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect
on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily
determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S.
GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Emerging Growth Company 

The Company is an
 emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

F- 9 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company,
as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.
This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. 

Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. 

Deferred Offering Costs 

Deferred offering costs
consisted of legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that were directly related to the Initial Public
Offering. On February 8, 2021, offering costs amounting to 19,559,564 were charged to shareholder s equity upon the completion
of the Initial Public Offering (see Note 1). As of December 31, 2020, there were 216,584 of deferred offering costs recorded in the accompanying
balance sheet. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for
income taxes under ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities
and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation
allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

ASC 740 also clarifies the
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold
and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities.
The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized
tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues
under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

The Company is considered
an exempted Cayman Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands
or the United States. As such, the Company s tax provision was zero for the period presented. 

F- 10 

Net Loss Per Ordinary Share 

Net loss per share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject
to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 1,125,000 Class B ordinary shares that were
subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriter (see Note 5). At December 31, 2020,
the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary
shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the
period presented. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times,
may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of 250,000. The Company had not experienced losses on this account and management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The fair value of the Company s
assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, approximates
the carrying amounts represented in the Company s balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s
financial statements. 

NOTE 3 INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING 

Pursuant to the Initial Public
Offering, the Company sold 34,500,000 Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount
of 4,500,000 Units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-fourth
of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

NOTE 4 PRIVATE PLACEMENT 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,266,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per
Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of 9,400,000 from the Company in a private placement. Each Private Placement
Warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust
Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of
applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

NOTE 5 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Founder Shares 

In November 2020, the
Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for 7,187,500 shares of
Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ). On February 3, 2021, the Company effected a share
capitalization resulting in 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to
1,125,000 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment is not exercised in
full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares will collectively represent, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the
Company s issued and outstanding shares upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the
underwriter s election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, no Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture.
On February 5, 2021, the Sponsor transferred 20,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Company s independent director. 

F- 11 

The Sponsor has agreed, subject
to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after
the completion of a Business Combination; and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A
ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company entered into
an agreement, commencing on February 3, 2021, through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and
its liquidation, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of up to 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative
services. 

Promissory Note Related
Party 

On December 18, 2020,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may
borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of
(i) June 30, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2020, there was 74,991 in
borrowings outstanding under the Promissory Note, which is currently due on demand . 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the initial shareholders or certain of the Company s
directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ).
If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the
event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the
Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing,
the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s
discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at
a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants 

NOTE 6 COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES 

Registration and Shareholder Rights 

Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on February 3, 2021, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants, Class A
ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital
Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be
issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration rights to be signed prior to or on the effective
date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form
demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. However, the
registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the
Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period. The registration rights agreement does not
contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities.
The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

F- 12 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriter is entitled
to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 12,075,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from
the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. 

NOTE 7 SHAREHOLDER S
EQUITY 

Preference Shares 
The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with a par value of 0.0001 per share, with such designations, voting
and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31,
2020, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary
Shares The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of 0.0001
per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2020, there were no Class A
ordinary shares issued or outstanding. 

Class B Ordinary
Shares The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of 0.0001 per
share. Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2020, there were 8,625,000
Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Only holders of the Class B
ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of Class A ordinary
shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of the
Company s shareholders except as otherwise required by law. 

The Founder Shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Business Combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of 
(i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the
total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities
or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the Business Combination, excluding
any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued,
deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its
affiliates or any member of the management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares
convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. 

Warrants 
Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants.
The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination
and (b) one year from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years from the completion
of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company will not be
obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to
settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating thereto is
available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is
available. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise
of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to
be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 

F- 13 

The Company has agreed that
as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use
it commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of
such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed,
as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant
not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, it will not be
required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register
or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the Business
Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company
will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to
register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption of Warrants
for Cash When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 Once the warrants become
exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant; 

upon minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants
become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company are unable to register or qualify
the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

Redemption of Warrants
for Class A Ordinary Shares When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00 Commencing
90 days after the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares; 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

F- 14 

if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 

The exercise price and number
of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a
share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below,
the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event
will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any
of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside
of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 

In addition, if (x) the
Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the
closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of
any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates,
as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the
date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of its
Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates
its Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share
redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The Private Placement Warrants
will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement
Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable
or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the
Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are
held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial
purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders
on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

NOTE 8 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

The Company evaluated subsequent
events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued. Other than
as described in these financial statements, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or
disclosure in the financial statements. 

F- 15 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 tm2111177d1_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5 

CENTRICUS ACQUISITION CORP. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

The following summary of the material terms of
the securities of Centricus Acquisition Corp. we, us, our or the company is
not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is subject to and qualified by reference to
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and applicable Cayman Islands law. We urge you to read our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association in its entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 

Certain Terms 

Unless otherwise stated in this Exhibit or the context otherwise requires,
references to: 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, as the same may be amended from time to
time; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our
Initial Public Offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares
at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares ); 

Initial Public Offering are to our offering consummated on February 8, 2021 of 34,500,000 units (which includes units
issued pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriter s option to purchase additional units to cover over-allotments) at a
price of 10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant; 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and each other holder of founder shares upon the consummation of our Initial
Public Offering; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants that were issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously
with the closing of our Initial Public Offering and to be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering (whether they
were purchased in our Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent
our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management
team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; and 

sponsor are to Centricus Heritage LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. 

General 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed
by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary
shares and 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following
description summarizes certain terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-fourth
of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per
share, subject to adjustment as described in the final prospectus related to our Initial Public Offering (the final prospectus ).
Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A
ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be
issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four units, you will
not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 

Ordinary Shares 

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, 43,125,000 of our
ordinary shares were outstanding including: 

34,500,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units issued as part of the Initial Public Offering; and 

8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders. 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share
held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class
B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law.
Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies
Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve
any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law,
being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving
a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into two classes, each of which will generally
serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect
to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors
can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of
directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will
have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of
directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder
shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special
resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the
affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination,
we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which
we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek
shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class
of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting)
serving a two-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting
until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us
to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors
prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy
on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the
completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors
for any reason. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our
initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay
our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The
amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors
who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. The redemption
rights may include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our sponsor and each
member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination
and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would
modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any extended time
that we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months as a result of a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association Extension Period) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights
of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations
in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion
of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law
or stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements
and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with
the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires
these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is
required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons,
we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules
and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if
we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their
affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in the final prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our initial
business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business
combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect
on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
requires that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of shares sold in our Initial Public
Offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as Excess Shares . However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders 
inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such
shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a
result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required
to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business
combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of
a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our
management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result,
in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 12,937,500, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding
shares are voted), or 2,156,250, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 34,500,000
public shares sold in our Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial
business combination approved. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they
vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during
any Extension Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and
each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to
liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period (although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame). Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind
up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect
to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to
applicable Cayman Islands law. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company
after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them
after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares.
Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares,
except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion
of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except
as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our Initial Public Offering, and holders
of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) prior to our initial business combination,
only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares
may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as
described in more detail below; (c) our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, (ii) to waive their redemption rights
with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of
our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 
of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering
or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares;
and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail
to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension
Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (d) the founder shares will automatically convert
into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination as described herein; and (e) the founder shares are entitled
to registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval
of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and
vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder
shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will
automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption
rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination) at
the time of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all
founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued
and outstanding upon completion of our Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed
issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection
with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities
exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business
combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion
of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. 

Except as described herein, our sponsor and our management team have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial
business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals
or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the
date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders
having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout
the final prospectus as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor
and our management team with respect to any founder shares. 

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our
founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to
vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination,
holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than
two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple
majority of our Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any
vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of
our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

Preference Shares 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes
1,000,000 preference shares and provides that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors
is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is
able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to
issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of
us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently
intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares are being issued
or registered in our Initial Public Offering. 

Warrants 

Public Shareholders Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class
A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one
year from the closing of our Initial Public Offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed
in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrantholder may exercise its warrants only for a whole
number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrantholder. No fractional
warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four
units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial
business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant
to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities
Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current,
subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available.
No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class
A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of
the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences
are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant
may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration
statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase
price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than twenty business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to
file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60
business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified
in the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a
national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the
Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file
or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the
shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th day after the closing of the initial
business combination, warrantholders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when
we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in
accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to
register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each
holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of
(A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market
value and (B) 0.361 per whole warrant. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted
average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise.
If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number
of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a
security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in
our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for
a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to
register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. 

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects
to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect
to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially
own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving
effect to such exercise. 

Redemption of warrants for cash when the price per Class A ordinary
share equals or exceeds 18.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described
herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrantholder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments
to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants
 Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30- trading day
period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrantholders. 

We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a
registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day
redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to
register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

We have established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above
to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing
conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrantholder will be entitled to exercise his, her
or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption
trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described
under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments as well
as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

Redemption of warrants for Class A ordinary shares when the price
per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based
on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described
below; 

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments
to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants
 Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within the 30- trading day
period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrantholders; and if the closing price of the Class
A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30- trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we
send the notice of redemption to the warrantholders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares
issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders 
Warrants Anti- Dilution Adjustments ), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on
the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants
are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent
the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrantholder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by
us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding
redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined
for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following
the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption
date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrantholders with the final
fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary
shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged
for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted
when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following
our initial business combination. 

The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table
below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a
warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares
issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices
immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after
such adjustment and the denominator of which is the price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the
number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the
number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the
case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti- Dilution Adjustments below, the
adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which
is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-Dilution
Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph
under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal
the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 Redemption
 
 Date (period 
 to expiration 
 of warrants 
 
 10.00 
 11.00 
 12.00 
 13.00 
 14.00 
 15.00 
 16.00 
 17.00 
 
 18.00 
 
 60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set
forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is
between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be
determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and
the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume
weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice
of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration
of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A
ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in
the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately
following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time
there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature,
exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a
cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to
adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be
exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be
exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares. 

This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption
features used in some other blank check offerings, which only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement
warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption
feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above
 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the
warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having
to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of warrants for cash when the price per Class
A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant
to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility
input as of the date of the final prospectus. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of
the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and
would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrantholders if we choose to exercise
this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest
to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure
to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrantholders. 

As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary
shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with
respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrantholders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a
cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at
a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrantholders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than
they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary
shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

Anti-Dilution Adjustments. If the number of outstanding Class
A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of ordinary
shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary
shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares
at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of
Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable
under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and
(ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market
value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in
determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights,
as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume
weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the
first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the
right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding
and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of
the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible),
other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other
cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration
of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash
dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less
than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial
business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our
Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of
our Class A ordinary shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business
combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount
of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by
a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then,
on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub- division, reclassification or similar event, the number of
Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary
shares. 

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the
exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise
price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable
upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A
ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or
equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price
or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good
faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any
founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20
per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants
for cash when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants for Class
A ordinary shares when the price per Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described
above under Redemption of warrants for Class A ordinary shares when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds
 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the
outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary
shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger
in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding
Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property
of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will
thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in
lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented
thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such
reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the
holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if
such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable
upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become
exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such
consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and
accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights
held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is
presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange
offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of
which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the
Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the
meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a
warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually
have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrantholder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or
exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such
tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly
equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by
the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor
entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to
be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises
the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as
specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The
purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction
occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full
potential value of the warrants. 

The warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the
warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including
to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth
in the final prospectus, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated
by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising
under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely
affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding
public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy
of the warrant agreement, which was filed with the SEC, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. 

The warrantholders do not have the rights or privileges of holders
of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of
Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters
to be voted on by shareholders. 

No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units
and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in
a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrantholder. 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding
or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State
of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities
Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America
are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms
and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering. The private
placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as
described in the final prospectus under Principal Shareholders Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private
Placement Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private
placement warrants) and they will not be redeemable by us (except as described under Warrants Public Shareholders 
Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are
held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees (except as otherwise set forth herein). Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has
the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other
than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and
exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in our Initial Public Offering. Any amendment
to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants
will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. 

Except as described above under Public Shareholders 
Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00, if holders of the private
placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants
for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary
shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the historical fair market value (defined below) over the exercise
price of the warrants by (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, the historical fair market value shall
mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to
the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants, as applicable. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they
are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us
following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly
limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time.
Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if
he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants
and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise,
the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise
such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical
to the private placement warrants. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date
and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in
the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to
completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will
be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our
warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all
claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses
due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies
Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable
to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions
of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements. 

In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations
between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction
(provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies,
the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan
or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 662/3 in value of the voting
shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in
such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company
(i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent
of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement.
If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities)
have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure
is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a
declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i)
that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws
of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents
have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order
made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator
or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property
or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction
whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company,
the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry,
they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they
fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii)
that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent
or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance
with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to
the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective,
cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason
why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides
for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation
if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to
the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the
shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following
the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each
shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent
company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment
of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above
or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the
surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price
that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date
on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree
a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting
shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied
by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not
been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together
with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder
whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is
reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares
of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the
relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange
or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that
facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited
for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme
of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the
procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the
United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with
whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors,
as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a general meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose.
The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands.
While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the
court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote
have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount
to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is
approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash
for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United
States corporations. 

Squeeze-out Provisions. 

When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the
shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining
shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this
is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar
to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions,
such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. 

Shareholders Suits. 

Our Cayman Islands counsel is not aware of any reported class action
having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands
courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach
of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However,
based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied
by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number
of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the
individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. 

The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared
to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before
the Federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that
the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in
original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of
the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in
nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United
States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent
jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the
judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign
judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be
in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on
the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the
public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A
Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. 

We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies
Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the
Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements
for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for
20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder
is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving
fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared
to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains
provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination.
These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution
is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher
threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at
a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii)
if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. 

Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend
and vote at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written
resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, who
collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering, will participate in any vote
to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose.
Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that: 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during
any Extension Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our income taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses)
divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders
thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination
or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or
(b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate
a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements
and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule
13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the 

SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about
our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

So long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses
that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred
underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter
into the initial business combination; 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would
 modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our 146 Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
 shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
 initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period or (B)
 with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public
 shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price,
 payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in
 the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding
 public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal
operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001. 

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders
of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way
of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required
but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles
of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend
any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers
or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands 

If any person in the Cayman Islands
knows or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering
or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention
in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to
report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Law
(2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the
rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands,
if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach
of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

We have 34,500,000 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding
on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering are freely tradable without
restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates
within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the outstanding founder shares (8,625,000 founder shares) and all
of the outstanding private placement warrants (6,266,667 private placement warrants) are restricted securities under Rule 144, in
that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted
shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed
to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject
to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports)
preceding the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants
for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would
be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of
securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then outstanding, which equals 431,250 shares immediately after the Initial Public
Offering; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing
of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner
of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies
or Former Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially
issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a
shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months
(or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its
status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our initial shareholders will be able to sell their founder
shares and our sponsor will be able to sell its founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144
without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that our board of directors is classified into two classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued Class
A ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety
of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence
of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt
to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Registration and Shareholder Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of
working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement. The holders
of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In
addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed
subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement
provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until
termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following
paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such
warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement,
our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, are entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment
to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares
and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols CENHU , CENH and CENHW, respectively. 

The units will automatically separate into their component parts and
will not be traded following the completion of our initial business combination. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tm2111177d1_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Garth Ritchie, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Centricus Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2021 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Garth Ritchie 

Garth Ritchie 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tm2111177d1_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Cristina Levis, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Centricus Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2021 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Cristina Levis 

Cristina Levis 

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 tm2111177d1_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Centricus Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Garth Ritchie, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best
of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2021 

/s/ Garth Ritchie 

Name: 
 Garth Ritchie 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 tm2111177d1_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Centricus Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31,
2020, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Cristina Levis, Chief Financial Officer, Chief
Investment Officer and Secretary of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date: March 31, 2021 

/s/ Cristina Levis 

Name: 
 Cristina Levis 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Secretary 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

