<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20220310_10-K_edgar_data_1305253_0001564590-22-009697.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19266239</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>509402</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>8237449</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4690594</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1951616</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3655753</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-22-009697.hdr.sgml : 20220310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20220310170315
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-22-009697
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20220310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20220310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001305253
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				361004130
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36183
		FILM NUMBER:		22729906

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2155 PARK BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94306
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-279-9845

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2155 PARK BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94306

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Celladon Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041005

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-22-009697.txt : 20220310

10-K
 1
 eigr-10k_20211231.htm
 10-K

eigr-10k_20211231.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2021 totaled approximately based on the closing price of 8.52 as reported by the Nasdaq Global Market. This calculation excludes 397,949 shares held by executive officers, directors and stockholders that the Registrant has concluded are affiliates of the Registrant. Exclusion of such shares should not be construed to indicate that any such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the Registrant. 
 The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, as of March 7, 2022 was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor ID: 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

1 

ITEM 1. 

Business 

2 

ITEM 1A. 

Risk Factors 

37 

ITEM 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

80 

ITEM 2. 

Properties 

80 

ITEM 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

80 

ITEM 4 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

80 

PART II 

81 

ITEM 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

81 

ITEM 6. 

Reserved 

81 

ITEM 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

82 

ITEM 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

92 

ITEM 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

92 

ITEM 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

122 

ITEM 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

122 

ITEM 9B. 

Other Information 

123 

PART III 

124 

ITEM 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

124 

ITEM 11. 

Executive Compensation 

124 

ITEM 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

124 

ITEM 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence 

124 

ITEM 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

124 

PART IV 

125 

ITEM 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

125 

ITEM 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

129 

i 

PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections entitled Business, Risk Factors and Management s 
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, may contain forward-looking statements. We may, in some cases, use words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, would or the negative of those terms, and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes, to identify these forward-looking statements. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

our ability to maintain supply of our commercial and clinical trial materials 

our ability to scale our commercial operations 

our ability to finance the continued advancement of our development pipeline products 

our plans to research, develop and commercialize our product candidates 

our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise 

the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets 

our ability to obtain favorable reimbursement and pricing and the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates 

our ability to manufacture product necessary to support regulatory approvals and timely meet commercial requirements 

regulatory developments in the U.S. and foreign countries 

the potential approval of Zokinvy in jurisdictions outside of the U.S., including the European Union 

the performance of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers 

the success of competing therapies that are or may become available 

our ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and needs for additional financing and 

our expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates. 

 These forward-looking statements reflect our management s beliefs and views with respect to future events and are based on estimates and assumptions as of the filing date of this Annual Report and are subject to risks and uncertainties. We discuss many of these risks in greater detail under Risk Factors. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 1 

ITEM 1. B usin ess 
 Overview 
 Eiger is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of innovative therapies to treat and cure Hepatitis Delta Virus (HDV) and other serious diseases. 
 Eiger has reported positive proof-of-concept clinical results across all our programs, and we have received Breakthrough Therapy Designation for all five of our rare disease programs: Zokinvy for Progeria, lonafarnib for HDV, peginterferon lambda (lambda) for HDV, avexitide for congenital hyperinsulinism (HI), and avexitide for post-bariatric hypoglycemia (PBH). Our programs have several aspects in common: the disease targets represent conditions of high unmet medical need the therapeutic approaches are supported by an understanding of disease biology and mechanism as elucidated by our academic research relationships prior clinical experience with the product candidates guides an understanding of safety and the development paths leverage the experience and capabilities of our experienced, commercially focused management team. 
 We are developing two complementary treatments for HDV. Lonafarnib is a first-in-class, oral farnesylation inhibitor. Lambda is a first-in-class, type III, well-tolerated interferon. Both lonafarnib and lambda are in global Phase 3 clinical trials. 
 D-LIVR is a pivotal Phase 3 study of lonafarnib boosted with ritonavir for HDV. We announced complete enrollment of D-LIVR in November 2021 and topline data is planned by end of 2022. The study spans over one hundred clinical trial sites in over twenty countries and has potential to generate data for two distinct lonafarnib-based ritonavir-boosted regimens for approval. The study includes an all-oral arm of lonafarnib boosted with ritonavir and a combination arm of lonafarnib boosted with ritonavir combined with pegylated interferon-alfa-2a. Each arm will be compared to placebo. 
 The pivotal Phase 3 LIMT-2 study of lambda for HDV enrolled its first patient in December 2021. The study is expected to enroll 150 patients across fifty clinical trial sites in thirteen countries. LIMT-2 has the potential to generate data for lambda as a well-tolerated interferon for approval in HDV. 
 The FDA approved our first commercial product, Zokinvy (lonafarnib) to reduce the risk of mortality in Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome (HGPS or Progeria) and to treat processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies, ultra-rare and rapidly fatal genetic conditions of accelerated aging in children, on November 20, 2020. Our Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) is under review with the European Medicines Agency (EMA), and we expect a Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) opinion in the first half of 2022. 
 Our pipeline is summarized in the table below. Prior clinical experience by our licensors with the product candidates has supported and guided our understanding of safety in advancing these products in our clinical development programs. Specifically, we licensed lonafarnib from Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp (Merck) in 2010 and licensed lambda from Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS) in 2016. We have relied upon Merck s and BMS prior Phase 1/2/3 clinical data, manufacturing and experience with these two molecules to proceed directly into Phase 2 clinical trials following authorization by the FDA and will rely on that data and information to support potentially pivotal clinical trials and any filings for regulatory approvals. 
 
 2 

Our portfolio includes a late-stage clinical development pipeline with five clinical product candidates and one FDA-approved product. 
 
 Clinical Product Candidates 

1. 
 
 Lonafarnib (LNF) for HDV 

 LNF is a well-characterized, orally bioavailable, first-in-class farnesylation inhibitor in a Phase 3 clinical trial for HDV infection and is our lead program. HDV is the most severe form of viral hepatitis for which there is currently no FDA-approved therapy. Chronic HDV infection can lead to a rapid progression to liver cirrhosis, a greater likelihood of developing liver cancer, and has the highest fatality rate of all the chronic hepatitis infections. 
 We licensed LNF from Merck in 2010. LNF is a small molecule that blocks the production of HDV virus particles by inhibiting a key step, called farnesylation, in the virus life cycle. We have completed five Phase 2 dose-finding studies in 129 HDV-infected patients. LNF has demonstrated dose-dependent activity in reducing HDV viral load both as a monotherapy and in combination with ritonavir (RTV) and/or PEG IFN-alfa-2a. Phase 2 studies have identified two lonafarnib-based regimens, which are in our Phase 3 registration program. Both regimens, have achieved clinically meaningful composite endpoints of HDV RNA decline 2 logs from baseline and normalized alanine aminotransferase (ALT), a key liver enzyme, at Week 24: all-oral regimen of LNF 50 mg boosted with RTV twice daily and combination regimen of LNF boosted with RTV combined with PEG IFN-alfa-2a. Predominantly grade 1 gastrointestinal (GI) adverse events (AE) were observed in Phase 2 amongst per-protocol treated patients. 
 Our Phase 3 registration program consists of a single, pivotal, international trial, called D-LIVR, that is designed to support U.S. and EU regulatory approvals. D-LIVR has the potential to generate data for two distinct lonafarnib-based ritonavir-boosted regimens for approval. The study includes an all-oral arm of lonafarnib boosted with ritonavir and a combination arm of lonafarnib boosted with ritonavir combined with pegylated interferon-alfa-2a. Each arm will be compared to placebo. Topline data is planned by end of 2022. 
 LNF for treatment of HDV infection has been granted Orphan Drug designation by the FDA and EMA, Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy Designations by FDA and PRIME designation by EMA. 
 3 

2. 
 
 Peginterferon Lambda (lambda) for HDV 

 Lambda is our second program in clinical development for HDV and is currently in Phase 3. Lambda is a well-characterized, first-in-class, type III, well-tolerated interferon (IFN), that stimulates immune responses that are critical for the development of host protection during viral infections. 
 We licensed worldwide rights to lambda from BMS in April 2016. Lambda has been administered in clinical trials involving over 3,000 patients infected with the Hepatitis B Virus (HBV), Hepatitis C Virus (HCV), Hepatitis D Virus (HDV), and SARS-CoV-2. Lambda has not been approved for any indication. 
 We previously completed the Phase 2 LIMT-1 study of 33 HDV-infected patients. Based on the data from LIMT-1, we have agreement with FDA and EMA on a single pivotal, randomized Phase 3 open-label study, called LIMT-2, of lambda as a monotherapy for treatment of HDV. The primary endpoint, as achieved in Phase 2, is a durable virologic response (DVR), defined as HDV RNA below the limit of quantitation (BLQ) at 24-weeks post-treatment. LIMT-2 is currently enrolling patients across fifty clinical trial sites in thirteen countries with a target enrollment of 150 patients. 
 Lambda for the treatment of HDV infection has received Orphan Drug designation from FDA and EMA and Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy Designations from FDA. 

3. 
 
 Combination Therapy for HDV 

 We have also generated data with the combination of LNF + RTV and lambda for the treatment of HDV. In November 2020, we reported positive end-of-study data from a Phase 2 single arm study called LIFT-1, conducted at the National Institutes of Health s National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK) in 26 HDV-infected patients. 
 The Phase 2 LIFT-2 single arm study of 48 weeks treatment with lambda combined with LNF boosted with RTV is planned to initiate in 2022 with an enrollment target of 30 HDV-infected patients. The primary endpoint is a DVR. 

4. 
 
 Peginterferon Lambda (lambda) for COVID-19 

 Lambda is also being developed as an out-patient treatment for patients with mild and moderate COVID-19, primarily through investigator sponsored studies, that can be administered as a convenient, single sub-cutaneous injection. 
 A Phase 2 investigator sponsored study, called ILIAD, of 60 patients with mild and moderate COVID-19 randomized 1:1 to a single subcutaneous injection of lambda vs. placebo was completed in late-2020. 
 Based on data from ILIAD, Lambda is currently in an investigator sponsored Phase 3, multi-center, randomized, placebo-controlled adaptive platform study, called TOGETHER, evaluating therapeutics in newly diagnosed, high-risk, non-hospitalized patients with COVID-19 across twelve clinical trial sites in Brazil. 
 The primary endpoint compares the number of emergency setting visits, hospitalizations, and/or deaths in treated patients versus placebo through Day 28. TOGETHER has completed enrollment of over 1,800 patients at high risk for developing complications from progression of COVID-19 randomized 1:1 lambda vs. placebo. In December 2021, the Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) has conducted a second per protocol interim futility analysis on 1,003 patients and recommended continuation of the study. Data from this study is expected in first quarter 2022. 
 We have an open IND for lambda in COVID-19. Pending positive results from the Phase 3 TOGETHER study, we plan to submit an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) request to the FDA this year. 

5. 
 
 Avexitide in Congenital Hyperinsulinism (HI) 

 Avexitide is a well-characterized peptide that we are developing as a treatment for congenital hyperinsulinism (HI), an ultra-rare, pediatric metabolic disorder. HI is the most frequent cause of persistent hypoglycemia in neonates and children and is characterized by fasting and protein-induced hypoglycemia and results in permanent brain damage 
 4 

with neurodevelopmental deficits in up to 50 of patients. Near-total pancreatectomy is often indicated and leads to life-long insulin-dependent diabetes (IDDM). Safe and effective therapies are urgently needed to prevent brain damage, IDDM and death. 
 Avexitide binds to the GLP-1 receptor on pancreatic beta-cells and behaves as a GLP-1 antagonist and inverse agonist, reducing fasting and amino-acid induced cAMP accumulation and thereby decreasing calcium-stimulated insulin secretion. Avexitide has demonstrated clinical proof of concept and has been dosed in over 25 patients with HI at Children s Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP). 
 Avexitide has been granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by FDA for the treatment of HI, Orphan Drug designation by the EMA for the treatment of HI and Orphan Drug designation by the FDA for the treatment of hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia, which includes HI. Avexitide has also been granted Rare Pediatric Disease designation by FDA. 

6. 
 
 Avexitide in Post-Bariatric Hypoglycemia (PBH) 

 We are also developing Avexitide as a treatment for post-bariatric hypoglycemia (PBH), a debilitating and potentially life-threatening condition for which there is currently no approved therapy. This disorder occurs often in a subset of bariatric surgeries including Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) and Sleeve Gastrectomies (SG). PBH patients experience frequent symptomatic hypoglycemia, with blood glucose concentrations often low enough to cause seizures, altered mental status, loss of consciousness and even death. Gastric bypass procedures are widely performed and are increasing in frequency for medically complicated obesity. 
 We have completed four clinical studies demonstrating clinical proof of concept in 54 patients suffering from severe, refractory PBH indicating that avexitide can prevent post-prandial hypoglycemia in affected patients. Avexitide is a glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor antagonist that competes with endogenous GLP-1 and prevents the excessive post-prandial insulin release that characterizes this disorder. These Phase 2 data were generated using both intravenous and subcutaneous (SC) formulation delivery. Pharmacokinetics from these Phase 2 SC studies indicate that the SC formulation could enable once or twice a day pre-prandial dosing. We developed a proprietary SC liquid formulation and completed a Phase 1 dose-ranging pharmacokinetics trial in healthy humans. In October 2018, we reported positive topline data from PREVENT, a multi-center, placebo-controlled study investigating the safety and durability of effect of 28-day dosing of SC avexitide in post-bariatric surgical patients. The primary efficacy endpoint of improved postprandial glucose nadir during mixed meal tolerance testing (MMTT) was achieved with statistical significance with fewer participants requiring glycemic rescue during each of the active dosing regimens than during placebo dosing. The secondary endpoint of reduced postprandial insulin peak during MMTT was also statistically significant. 
 Avexitide for the treatment of hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia has been granted Orphan Drug designation by the FDA and for the treatment of non-insulinoma pancreatogenous hypoglycemia syndrome (NIPHS) by the EMA. NIPHS describes a spectrum of acquired metabolic disorders characterized by inappropriately high insulin levels (hyperinsulinemia) and low blood glucose levels (hypoglycemia), which includes PBH. Avexitide for the treatment of PBH has also been granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by FDA. Following End of Phase 2 and Scientific Advice meetings with regulatory agencies, we have agreement on a single pivotal Phase 3 study, including study design and endpoints with the FDA and EMA. 
 Approved Product 

1. 
 
 Zokinvy (LNF) for Progeria and Processing-Deficient Progeroid Laminopathies (PL) 

 In November 2020, we received FDA approval for Zokinvy to reduce the risk of mortality in Progeria and to treat processing-deficient PL. Zokinvy is our first approved product, and the first approved therapy for these indications. There are approximately 20 identified patients in the U.S. who are eligible for treatment with Zokinvy. 
 5 

In March 2020, we submitted an MAA for Zokinvy to the EMA, which is currently under review. We expect a CHMP opinion in the first half of 2022. 
 Zokinvy is a disease-modifying agent that has demonstrated a statistically significant survival benefit in children and young adults with Progeria. In patients with Progeria, Zokinvy reduced the incidence of mortality by 60 (p 0.0064) and increased average survival time by at least 2.5 years. The most commonly reported adverse reactions were gastrointestinal (vomiting, diarrhea, nausea), and most were mild or moderate (Grade 1 or 2) in severity. Many Progeria patients have received continuous Zokinvy therapy for more than 10 years. 
 Progeria is an ultra-rare and rapidly fatal genetic condition of accelerated aging in children. Progeria is caused by a point mutation in the LMNA gene, encoding the lamin A protein, yielding the farnesylated aberrant protein called progerin. Lamin A protein is part of the structural scaffolding that holds the nucleus together. Researchers now believe that progerin may make the nucleus unstable, and that cellular instability may lead to the process of premature aging in Progeria. Children with Progeria die of the same heart disease that affects millions of normally aging adults, arteriosclerosis, but at an average age of 14.5 years if untreated. Disease manifestations include severe failure to thrive, scleroderma-like skin, global lipodystrophy, alopecia, joint contractures, skeletal dysplasia, global accelerated atherosclerosis with cardiovascular decline, and debilitating strokes. It is estimated that 400 children worldwide have Progeria. 
 Processing-Deficient Progeroid Laminopathies are genetic conditions of accelerated aging caused by a constellation of mutations in the LMNA and/or ZMPSTE24 genes yielding farnesylated proteins that are distinct from progerin. While non-progerin producing, these genetic mutations result in disease manifestations with phenotypes that have overlap with, but are distinct from, Progeria. Collectively, worldwide prevalence of progeroid laminopathies is believed to be approximately 200 patients. 
 In November 2020, we entered into an amendment to our license agreement with Merck to include, not only all uses of LNF related to the treatment of Progeria, but also Progeroid Laminopathies. 
 Business Model and Management Team 
 We believe that our approach to clinical development enables achievement of early clinical signals of efficacy and safety in our Phase 2 programs and potentially reduces clinical risks and costs inherent in the drug discovery and development process. We have a highly experienced management team whose members have, in the course of their prior employment, participated in bringing more than 20 product candidates through regulatory approval and into commercialization. We plan to leverage our management team s breadth and depth of experience in clinical and regulatory drug development as well as market development and commercialization to identify potentially promising product candidates to address unmet medical needs. 
 Our current product candidate pipeline has been obtained by in-licensing from pharmaceutical companies and academic institutions. With our focus on HDV and other serious diseases, our strategy is to acquire and retain some or all commercialization rights to our products in significant territories to diversify risk, identify a rapid regulatory pathway to approval and minimize the development investment in order to maximize long-term value for our stockholders. Over time, depending upon the data and potential market opportunity, we expect to develop an integrated commercial organization, which we believe can be targeted and cost effective for selected, promising orphan disease designated programs. We plan to balance these interests with opportunities to out-license assets from our portfolio enhance stockholder value through partnerships and other strategic relationships. 
 In the future, we plan to evaluate in-licensing opportunities in order to enhance our pipeline and leverage our business development, clinical development, regulatory and commercial expertise. We believe our executive management team has the capability and experience to continue to execute this model. Our executive management team has worked in other private and public biotechnology companies such as Prestwick Pharmaceuticals, CoTherix, InterMune, Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Aimmune Therapeutics, Alza Corporation, Chiron Corporation, Questcor, and Schering-Plough, each of which was acquired by a larger biopharmaceutical industry company. Our executive management team also has previous work experience at biopharmaceutical companies, including The Upjohn Company, Glaxo, Glaxo Wellcome, Glaxo Smith Kline, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Rigel, Cytokinetics, BioMarin, and Amgen. 
 6 

Our Strategy 
 Our strategy is to identify, develop, and, directly or through collaborations, bring to market novel products for the treatment of rare and ultra-rare diseases or conditions. We currently have a diverse portfolio of well-characterized product candidates with the potential to address life-threatening diseases for which the unmet medical need is high and, primarily focused on the development of therapies to treat and cure HDV infection. We believe we are well-positioned to be a leader in HDV and in the development and commercialization of novel therapeutics for other serious diseases. Our focus to achieve this goal will be to utilize our experience and capabilities to: 

Advance our existing product candidates through late-stage clinical trials, generating meaningful clinical results 

Work with U.S. and international regulatory authorities for expeditious, efficient development pathways toward registration 

Prepare for commercialization of each program 

Use our industry relationships and experience to source, evaluate and in-license well-characterized product candidates to continue pipeline development and 

Identify potential commercial or distribution partners for our products in relevant territories. 

 Hepatitis Delta Virus Overview 
 About Hepatitis Delta Virus 
 HDV is a small circular ribonucleic acid (RNA) virus that expresses only one protein, the hepatitis delta antigen (HDAg). There are two forms of HDAg small and large. These two forms of HDAg and the single-stranded RNA genome are surrounded by a lipid envelope, which is embedded with Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) surface antigen (HBsAg) proteins. HDV does not encode its own envelope proteins and must acquire them from HBV during the final steps of replication. Hence, natural HDV infections always occur in the presence of a co-existing HBV infection. HBsAg is the only element of HBV relied upon by HDV. HDV replication can occur independently of HBV replication.. 
 HDV is the most severe form of viral hepatitis. HDV can be acquired either by co-infection (a simultaneous co-infection with HDV and HBV) or by super-infection (HDV infection of someone already harboring a chronic HBV infection). Both co-infection and super-infection with HDV result in more severe complications compared to infection with HBV alone. These complications include a greater likelihood of experiencing liver failure in acute infections and a rapid progression to liver cirrhosis, with an increased chance of developing liver cancer in chronic infections. HDV has the highest fatality rate of all the hepatitis infections at up to 20 . Although HDV/HBV simultaneous co-infection in adults usually resolves completely, in some cases it can become fulminant hepatitis, which carries a very high mortality rate. In the case of super-infections, the predominant form of HDV, HDV super-infection leads to a more severe form of disease than chronic HBV mono-infection. In a study published in 1987 in the Journal of Infectious Diseases , histological liver deterioration was observed in 77 of HBV patients co-infected with HDV over a 15-year follow-up period, versus 30 of patients infected with HBV alone (p 0.01). In a 2013 study of chronic HBV patients published in the Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, cirrhosis was present in 73 of HBV patients co-infected with HDV, compared to only 22 of those infected with HBV alone. Patients co-infected with HDV are more than twice-as-likely to develop liver-related complications, cirrhosis, or require liver transplants than matched patients infected with HBV alone. 
 
 7 

HDV is generally spread through exchange of body fluids either sexually or through contact with infected blood. Globally, it is estimated that between 4.3 and 5.7 of the 240 million worldwide chronic HBV population, or 10 to 14 million people, are infected with HDV. The prevalence of HDV in patients infected with chronic HBV is even higher in certain regions, including certain parts of Mongolia, China, Russia, Central Asia, Pakistan, Turkey, Africa and South America, with an HDV prevalence as high as 60 being reported in HBV-infected patients in Mongolia and Pakistan. The prevalence of HDV has recently begun to increase in Western Europe and the United States due to migration from countries with high infection rates. 
 
 8 

The Role of HDV Screening in Identifying Patients Who May Benefit from LNF and/or Lambda 
 Active HDV infections are best detected by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assays for genomic RNA. These assays yield a quantitative assessment of the number of viral particles, or viral load, in serum. A commercial assay for quantitative HDV RNA has been available in Europe (Robogene since 2015. Quest Diagnostics and ARUP Laboratories offer commercial assays for quantitative HDV RNA testing in the United States. Both assays are calibrated using the World Health Organization HDV standard provided by the Paul Erhlich Institute in Germany. 
 Our initial discussions with payors have indicated that they would be willing to reimburse healthcare providers for HDV RNA quantitative assays that are carried out following a positive HBsAg test for HBV. Greater availability of commercial assays will increase the number of assays performed and increase the number of identified patients who can potentially benefit from an HDV therapies such as LNF and lambda. 
 Current Therapy for HDV 
 Currently, there is no FDA-approved therapy for hepatitis delta virus infection. Hepcludex (buleviritide) was conditionally approved in Europe in 2020 for treatment of chronic HDV, and a biologic license application (BLA) was submitted to the U.S. FDA in November 2021. 
 The American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) guidelines suggest treatment of chronic hepatitis delta infections with IFN-alfa. In clinical trials of IFN-alfa or PEG IFN-alfa, between 25 and 33 of HDV infected patients were able to achieve undetectable HDV RNA after a minimum of 48 weeks of therapy, with some requiring two years of therapy. However, long-term therapy with IFN-alfa is known to be associated with numerous adverse events and tolerability is a significant problem for some of these patients. In addition, rebound of HDV RNA occurs in greater than 50 of patients. 
 HBV nucleoside analogs that suppress HBV DNA are ineffective against HDV since they are ineffective in suppressing the expression HBsAg. Current development programs targeting HBV functional cures are in early stages and are not expected to eliminate extra-hepatic reservoirs of HBsAg. Given that HDV only requires small amounts of HBsAg for virion assembly, functional cures, if achieved, will not eradicate HDV. 
 HDV Replication and Farnesylation 
 After HDV enters a target cell hepatocyte, the genome is translocated to the nucleus where genome replication occurs and the two forms of HDAg small delta antigen (SHDAg) and large delta antigen (LHDAg) are produced. The newly formed HDV genome and the small and large delta antigen must acquire a lipid envelope from HBV to complete the assembly process. An important interaction between HDV and HBV proteins has been shown to depend on the presence of the last four amino acids of the large delta antigen, comprising a CXXX box motif, where C represents cysteine and X denotes any other amino acid. This amino acid sequence is required for LHDAg to be farnesylated by a host enzyme which covalently attaches a 15-carbon prenyl lipid (farnesyl-moiety) to the cysteine of the CXXX box. Farnesylation of the large delta antigen renders it more lipophilic, promotes its association with HBsAg and is essential for initiating the HDV particle formation process. Our approach involves targeting this host process called farnesylation, or protein farnesylation, which has been shown to be essential for the last steps in HDV replication, the assembly and release of new virus progeny. 
 In the 1980s farnesyltransferase inhibitors were developed by multiple pharmaceutical companies for oncology indications. Addition of a farnesyl or prenyl lipid group to the Ras protein (Ras) a well-known and important regulator of cellular proliferation, allows for membrane association. Once membrane bound, Ras may then be activated. The importance of activated Ras in tumor development was demonstrated by sequence analyses of tumors from patients where up to 30 have mutations involving Ras. Several farnesylation inhibitors were developed in oncology and taken into the clinic and in some cases through late-stage clinical development. However, these programs did not lead to approvals, due to a lack of compelling efficacy. The class-related, dose-limiting toxicity has been gastrointestinal side effects including nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and weight loss. 
 Published studies demonstrate that farnesyltransferase inhibitors block HDV viral production both in cellular experiments and in HDV transgenic mice. Targeting farnesylation or farnesyl transferase, a host target, significantly reduces the likelihood of HDV developing resistance to escape effects of antiviral therapy. Viruses mutate quickly and there is a higher rate of mutations in viral replication compared to mammalian cell division. However, no matter 
 9 

how much HDV may mutate, these changes are unlikely to alter the host process of farnesylation which HDV requires to complete packaging. Thus, targeting a host farnesylation process provides what we believe to be a higher barrier to resistance. Identification of clinic-ready farnesylation inhibitors has allowed us to move rapidly into proof-of-concept studies in humans. 
 Our First HDV Opportunity: Lonafarnib (LNF) for HDV 
 Lonafarnib (LNF) is a well-characterized, orally active inhibitor of farnesyl transferase. LNF inhibits the farnesylation step of HDV replication inside liver cells and blocks the ability of the virus to multiply. Since farnesylation is a host process, not under control of HDV, and LNF inhibits farnesylation, we believe that there is also a potentially higher barrier to resistance with LNF therapy. LNF for the treatment of HDV infection has been granted Orphan Drug designation in Europe and the United States, and LNF in combination with RTV has been granted Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy Designations from FDA for the treatment of chronic HDV infections. 
 In the United States, we have issued patents, U.S. Patent No. 10,076,512 and 10,828,283, both entitled Treatment of Hepatitis Delta Virus Infection. The issued claims cover a broad range of RTV-boosted LNF doses and durations. The European Patent Office, the Chinese Patent Office and the Japan Patent Office have also granted patents with claims covering a broad range of lonafarnib boosted with RTV dosing regimens for the treatment of HDV infection. 
 LNF Phase 2 Clinical Data 
 We licensed LNF from Merck in 2010, and have relied upon Merck s prior Phase 1, 2 and 3 clinical experience with LNF in over 2,000 patients to understand safety and pharmacokinetics. 
 We have completed five Phase 2 trials (POC, LOWR-1, LOWR-2, LOWR-3, LOWR-4) with LNF in 129 HDV-infected patients. The Phase 2 LOWR HDV (Lonafarnib With Ritonavir in HDV) Program identified dose(s) and regimen(s) for registration. 

POC Study (Placebo-controlled LNF monotherapy) (N 14) 

LOWR-1 Study (Combination: LNF with RTV or PEG IFN-alfa-2a) (N 21) 

LOWR-2 Study (Dose Finding: LNF + RTV PEG IFN-alfa-2a) (N 58) 

LOWR-3 Study (QD Dosing: LNF + RTV) (N 21) 

LOWR-4 Study (Dose-Escalation: LNF + RTV) (N 15) 

 The Phase 2 NIH proof-of-concept study demonstrated statistically significant decreases in HDV RNA viral load with two LNF active groups versus placebo for 28-days. A statistically significant correlation between increasing LNF serum levels and decreasing HDV RNA viral loads was also observed, demonstrating that higher serum levels resulted in greater decline in HDV RNA. 
 
 The Phase 2 LOWR studies demonstrated benefits of twice daily RTV-boosting of LNF for up to 24 weeks of dosing. RTV is a pharmacokinetic (PK) enhancer known to inhibit the metabolism of LNF, allowing lower doses of LNF to be administered, while resulting in higher systemic concentrations of LNF. The Phase 2 LOWR HDV studies identified two LNF-based regimens that can achieve clinically meaningful composite endpoints of HDV RNA decline 2 logs from baseline and normalized ALT at Week 24: all-oral regimen of LNF 50 mg BID boosted with RTV twice daily and combination regimen of LNF 50 or 25 mg BID boosted with RTV combined with PEG IFN-alfa-2a (see figures below). These dosing regimens were associated with predominantly grade 1 GI AEs amongst per-protocol treated patient. 
 10 

Phase 3 D-LIVR Study 
 D-LIVR (Delta-Liver Improvement and Virologic Response in HDV) is an international, multi-center, Phase 3 study of approximately 300 LNF-treated patients (total N 407 patients including controls) to evaluate an all-oral arm of LNF boosted with RTV and a combination arm of LNF boosted with RTV and pegylated interferon-alfa-2a (PEG IFN-alfa-2a), with each arm to be compared to a placebo arm (background HBV nucleos(t)ide only), in HDV-infected patients. A PEG IFN-alfa-2a alone arm is included to demonstrate contribution of effect only. The LNF containing arms will not be required to demonstrate superiority over PEG IFN-alfa-2a alone. The primary endpoint is a composite of a 2 log decline in HDV RNA and ALT normalization at end of 48 weeks of treatment with LNF-based regimens versus placebo. 
 D-LIVR is an international study, with over 100 sites across over twenty countries. We announced complete enrollment (N 407) of D-LIVR in November 2021 and expect week 48 topline data by end of 2022. 

Our Second HDV Program: Peginterferon Lambda (lambda) for HDV 
 Lambda is a well-characterized, late-stage, first in class, type III, well-tolerated interferon (IFN) that we in-licensed from Bristol-Myers Squibb in April 2016. Lambda is being developed as a well-tolerated interferon. Lambda stimulates immune responses that are critical for the development of host protection during viral infections. Lambda targets type III IFN receptors which are distinct from the type I IFN receptors targeted by IFN-alfa. These type III receptors are highly expressed on hepatocytes with limited expression on hematopoietic and central nervous system 
 11 

cells, which has been demonstrated to reduce the off-target effects associated with other IFNs and improve the tolerability of lambda (Chan 2016). Although lambda does not use the IFN-alfa receptor, signaling through either the IFN-lambda or IFN-alfa receptor complexes results in the activation of the same Jak-STAT signal transduction cascade. 
 In clinical trials of IFN-alfa or PEG IFN-alfa-2a, after 48-72 weeks of therapy, between 25 and 33 of HDV-infected patients were HDV RNA undetectable 24 weeks after stopping therapy. However, IFN-alfa is known to be associated with numerous adverse events and tolerability is a significant problem for many of these patients. We are developing lambda as a well-tolerated interferon, either as a monotherapy and in a combination with LNF + RTV. 
 Lambda Clinical Data 
 LIMT-1 Monotherapy Phase 2 Clinical Trial 
 LIMT-1 was a 1:1 randomized, open-label Phase 2 study of lambda 120 g or 180 g subcutaneous injections administered weekly for 48 weeks in 33 patients with chronic HDV. End of treatment was followed by a treatment-free 24-week observation period. The primary objective of the Phase 2 study was to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of treatment with two dose levels of lambda in patients with chronic HDV infection. All patients were administered an anti-HBV nucleos(t)ide analog throughout the study. The trial was conducted at four international sites in New Zealand, Israel and Pakistan. 
 Week 48 end-of-treatment data were presented in November 2018 at AASLD. At Week 48, patients in the 180 g lambda treated group experienced a 2.4 log mean decline in HDV-RNA, with 6 of 10 (60 experiencing 2 log decline, 4 of 10 (40 patients were HDV-RNA negative at end of treatment. At Week 48, patients in the 120 g lambda treated group experienced a 1.5 log mean decline in HDV RNA, with 6 of 14 (42.9 experiencing 2 log decline, 2 of 14 (14.3 patients were HDV-RNA negative at end of treatment. The most commonly reported AEs were moderate headache, pyrexia, fatigue, and myalgia. Observed ALT flares result from vigorous antiviral immunological response to treatment, not due to direct hepatotoxicity. End of 24-week follow-up data, presented in April 2019 at EASL, demonstrated that 36 of HDV infected patients were able to maintain HDV RNA below limit of quantitation (BLQ) 24-weeks post-treatment, or a Durable Virologic Response (DVR), and achieve ALT normalization. These data are illustrated below. 

LIMT-1 study did not include per-protocol liver biopsies. However pre- and post-treatment liver biopsies were collected for two patients where regression in liver fibrosis from F5 to F1 and F4 to F1 was observed. This is the first demonstration of regression in liver fibrosis with a finite lambda treatment. 
 
 12 

Phase 3 LIMT-2 Study 
 We have agreement with FDA and EMA on a single pivotal Phase 3 study, called LIMT-2, of lambda as a monotherapy for treatment of HDV. 
 LIMT-2 is a randomized, open-label, parallel-arm study that will include 150 patients randomized 2:1 to two different lambda-containing arms. The first arm is 48 weeks of treatment with lambda 180 mcg administered weekly and a 24-week off-treatment follow-up period. The second arm is 12-weeks of no therapy followed by 48 weeks of treatment with weekly lambda 180 mcg and a 24-weeks off-treatment follow-up period. The primary endpoint is a Durable Virologic Response (DVR), or HDV RNA below limit of quantitation (BLQ) or undetectable, 24-weeks post treatment of Arm 1 compared to placebo after 12-weeks of no treatment of Arm 2. All patients will be administered an anti-HBV nucleos(t)ide analog throughout the study. LIMT-2 is currently enrolling 150 patients in across 50 sites in 13 countries. 
 
 13 

Potential for Registration in HDV for LNF and Lambda 
 Lonafarnib (D-LIVR) and lambda (LIMT-2) form our HDV platform strategy with multiple opportunities to win for HDV patients. The D-LIVR and LIMT-2 study endpoints, previously achieved in Phase 2 studies, are consistent with FDA guidance on the development of treatments for HDV and with our discussions with FDA. The D-LIVR composite primary endpoint 2 log reduction in HDV RNA and ALT normalization) for Lonafarnib supports chronic therapy, and the LIMT-2 primary endpoint (DVR at 24 weeks post-treatment) for lambda is intended to support accelerated approval for finite therapy. Our first goal is approval of these treatments for HDV, where there is an urgent, unmet medical need. Key opinion leaders have suggested that combinations of LNF and lambda with other antiviral agents may demonstrate an even greater antiviral effect. 
 Our Proprietary HDV Combination Therapy: Lambda and LNF + RTV 
 Phase 2 LIFT-1 HDV Combination Clinical Trial 
 LIFT L ambda I nter f eron combination T herapy) was an open-label, Phase 2 study evaluating lambda in combination with lonafarnib boosted with ritonavir in 26 HDV-infected patients. Patients were dosed for 24 weeks and underwent off-treatment follow-up for 24 weeks. The primary endpoint was 2 log decline in HDV RNA at end of 24-weeks of treatment. The secondary endpoint was an improvement in histology 2-point improvement in histological activity index and no progression in fibrosis) at end of follow-up. LIFT was conducted within the National Institutes of Health (NIH) at the NIDDK. The final end-of-treatment and end-of-study data were reported in November 2020 at the AASLD conference and are summarized in the figure below. 
 The data demonstrated that after 24 weeks of treatment, by per protocol analysis, 77 of patients (17 of 22) achieved the primary efficacy end point of 2 log decline in HDV RNA, with 50 of patients (11 of 22) either HDV RNA BLQ or undetectable. At Week 48 (24 weeks post-treatment), 5 of 22 patients (23 maintained HDV RNA BLQ or were HDV RNA undetectable, 11 of 20 patients (55 demonstrated improvement in Histology Activity Index (HAI), and 6 of 20 patients (30 achieved the secondary endpoint of 2 point improvement in HAI. 

14 

Phase 2 LIFT-2 HDV Combination Clinical Trial 
 LIFT-2 (Lambda Interferon combination Therapy) is an open-label, Phase 2 study that will evaluate lambda in combination with lonafarnib boosted with ritonavir in 30 HDV-infected patients. Patients will be dosed for 48 weeks with follow-up for 24 weeks. The primary endpoint is a DVR, or HDV RNA below the limit of quantitation at 24 weeks post-treatment. LIFT-2 will also be conducted within the (NIH) at the NIDDK. If positive, data from LIFT-2 will provide additional support for this combination therapy. 
 
 Congenital Hyperinsulinism (HI) Overview 
 Congenital Hyperinsulinism (HI) is an ultra-rare pediatric metabolic disease. HI presents with severe hypoglycemia in the neonatal period requiring intensive care hospitalization, administration of high rates of intravenous glucose through central lines, continuous intravenous administration of glucagon and in most instances surgical treatment by pancreatectomy during the neonatal period or during infancy. The most common and severe form of HI is refractory to medical treatment with diazoxide and affects approximately 60 of all patients. Diazoxide unresponsive HI arises out of inactivating mutations in the genes encoding the KATP channel, resulting in focal and diffuse forms of HI. Focal disease, occurring in approximately 50 of patients with KATP HI, resolves in 97 of cases after partial pancreatectomy. Diffuse disease persists in 41 of cases after subtotal (98 pancreatectomy. However, by the age of 14 years old, 91 of patients undergoing subtotal pancreatectomy develop insulin-dependent diabetes, at which point hyperinsulinism is no longer present. Thus, HI is a congenital, rare pediatric disease with life-threatening manifestations of severe hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia occurring primarily during the neonatal period, infancy, childhood and adolescence. 
 Clinical Data to Date 
 To date, a total of 39 patients with KATP HI enrolled in 3 clinical investigations at Children s Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP) have received avexitide administered by continuous IV infusion: 10 adolescents and adults, 16 children, and 13 neonates. Data generated across all 3 clinical investigations suggest that treatment with avexitide may effectively reduce fasting and postprandial hypoglycemia in patients with diazoxide unresponsive HI. Avexitide treatment was well tolerated, with no serious drug-related adverse events (AEs) reported. Data from each of the three studies are presented in the figures below. Avexitide for treatment of HI has been granted Rare Pediatric Disease designation by the FDA. 
 
 15 

Post-bariatric Hypoglycemia (PBH) Overview 
 As the use of bariatric surgical procedures has increased worldwide due to rising obesity and Type 2 diabetes, a new post-surgical complication, hypoglycemia associated with bariatric surgery, has been increasingly diagnosed and reported in the procedures that involve reducing the size of the stomach with a vertical sleeve gastrectomy (SG) or by resecting and re-routing the small intestine to a small stomach pouch (Roux-en-Y gastric bypass). This disorder leads to frequent symptomatic hypoglycemia, often resulting in glucose concentrations low enough to cause seizures, altered mental status, loss of consciousness, cognitive dysfunction, disability and death. Quality of life can be severely diminished, and many patients cannot care for themselves or others, work, drive, or be left alone. There is no approved treatment for this condition. Severe cases have historically been surgically managed with near-total 
 16 

to total pancreatectomy, which results in insulin dependent diabetes and is associated with a greater than 6 surgical mortality risk. 
 Research suggests that elevated GLP-1 may play an important role in mediating the glucose-lowering effect associated with bariatric surgery. Surgically altered nutrient transit, resulting from bariatric surgeries can cause early nutrient sensing by the intestinal L cells, leading to enhanced secretion of GLP-1 causing elevated insulin secretion. This effect may play a primary role in the early resolution of Type 2 diabetes after surgery. A number of synthetic analogs of GLP-1, or agonists, have been approved for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes including Byetta (exenatide), Victoza (liraglutide), and Trulicity (dulaglutide). These drugs, all agonists, bind to the GLP-1 receptor and enhance the release of insulin in a glucose-dependent manner. In patients with PBH, excessive secretion of GLP-1 and/or exaggerated sensitivity to GLP-1 results in dysfunctional insulin release, leading to severe, debilitating hypoglycemia. GLP-1 receptor antagonists compete with endogenous GLP-1 and has the potential to prevent dysfunctional insulin release and resultant symptomatic hypoglycemia. 
 Approximately 240,000 bariatric surgical procedures are performed each year in the United States, and another 900,000 are performed each year in Europe. It is estimated that PBH can impact approximately 10 of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass and 2.5 of SG patients. 
 Clinical Data to Date 
 We have demonstrated in four clinical studies in 54 patients with avexitide that pharmacologic blockade of the GLP-1 receptor can prevent hypoglycemia in affected patients and mitigate symptoms of hypoglycemia. We believe that avexitide may represent the first targeted medical treatment for patients with PBH. In the four completed studies, there were no significant adverse drug reactions attributed to avexitide. 
 
 We completed our most recent Phase 2 study called PREVENT in October 2018. The PREVENT study was a Phase 2, multicenter, randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled cross-over study to assess the efficacy and safety of 28-day dosing of avexitide in patients with PBH. A total of 18 patients were enrolled and treated with two dosing regimens (once daily and twice daily) of avexitide for 28 days. All patients participated in three 14-day treatment periods, involving placebo SC injections, once-daily avexitide SC injections, and twice-daily avexitide SC injections. Patients self-administered injections in an outpatient setting. Participants underwent in-clinic MMTT provocations with concomitant blood draws and symptom assessments following each treatment period. Metabolic and clinical improvements were monitored during each patients daily routines in the outpatient setting and assessed by electronic diary and continuous glucose monitoring (CGM). Outcomes include improvement in plasma glucose nadir levels, reduction in peak insulin concentrations, and the requirement for rescue during MMTT provocation. 
 
 The primary efficacy endpoint of improved postprandial glucose nadir during MMTT was achieved with statistical significance with avexitide 30 mg BID and 60 mg QD, with fewer participants requiring glycemic rescue during each of the active dosing regimens than during placebo dosing. The secondary endpoint of reduced postprandial insulin peak during MMTT was also statistically significant with avexitide 30 mg BID and 60 mg QD. The primary and secondary endpoints are shown in the figure below. 
 
 17 

Metabolic and clinical improvements were also monitored during each patients daily routine in the outpatient setting and assessed by electronic diary and continuous glucose monitoring (CGM). Patients experienced fewer episodes of hypoglycemia and severe hypoglycemia during both dosing regimens of avexitide as compared to placebo as shown in the table below. 

Avexitide was well tolerated. There were no treatment-related serious adverse events and no participant withdrawals. Adverse events were typically mild to moderate in severity. The most common adverse events were injection site bruising, nausea, and headache, all of which occurred with lower frequency during avexitide dosing periods than during the placebo dosing period. Avexitide has been granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the FDA. In 2020, we received concurrence with FDA and EMA on a single Phase 3 for Avexitide for treatment of PBH. 
 18 

Manufacturing 
 We currently contract with third parties for the commercial manufacturing of our FDA-approved product, Zokinvy, and all of our clinical product candidates and intend to do so in the future. We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of clinical trial materials of our product candidates and have no plans to build our own clinical or commercial scale manufacturing capabilities. We believe that the use of contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) eliminates the need for us to directly invest in manufacturing facilities, equipment and additional staff. Although we rely on contract manufacturers, our personnel and consultants have extensive manufacturing experience overseeing our CMOs. 
 To date, our third-party manufacturers have met the manufacturing requirements for the product candidates. We expect third-party manufacturers to be capable of providing sufficient quantities of our product candidates to meet anticipated full-scale commercial demands but have not assessed these capabilities beyond the supply of clinical material for products in clinical development. We have identified or plan to identify commercial contract manufacturers as we move our product candidates to Phase 3 clinical trials. We believe there are alternate sources of manufacturing that could be identified and enabled to satisfy our clinical and commercial requirements, however, we cannot be certain that identifying and establishing alternative relationships with such sources can be successful, cost effective, or completed on a timely basis without significant delay in the development or commercialization of our product candidates. All of our third-party manufacturers are subject to periodic audits to confirm compliance with applicable regulations and must pass inspection before we can manufacture our drugs for commercial sales. 
 We have qualified and finalized or are in process of finalizing commercial supply agreements with contract manufacturers of Zokinvy (lonafarnib) and have identified commercial manufacturers for lambda and plan to proceed with qualifications. 
 Lonafarnib 
 The drug product for completed lonafarnib (LNF) Phase 2 clinical studies for the treatment of HDV and Progeria was manufactured by Merck. We have successfully completed the technology transfer for manufacture of the LNF drug substance and the LNF drug product to our third-party manufacturers. All future HDV clinical trials will be conducted with product manufactured by these CMOs. These manufacturers produce our commercial supply for progeria and processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies. 
 Lambda 
 We have completed the technology transfer from BMS to our CRO for our lambda program. As part of the license agreement, sufficient inventory of drug substance and drug product was obtained to complete our Phase 2 and initiate our Phase 3 clinical trials. We have manufactured additional batches of lambda drug substance and drug product. 
 Both lonafarnib and lambda are GMP products from all CMOs. 
 Avexitide 
 The drug substance and drug product used for the production of avexitide clinical trial material for the treatment of HI and PBH is manufactured by our third-party CMOs. We have initiated the technology transfer to support production for Phase 3 clinical studies. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We strive to protect and in-license those proprietary technologies, inventions, and improvements we believe are important to our business. We seek and maintain, where available, patent protection for our product candidates including: composition dosage, formulation, use, manufacturing process, among others. We have also licensed patents and patent applications that cover certain of our product candidates and/or their manufacture, use, or formulation. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how, and continuing innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We cannot be certain that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent 
 19 

applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our technology. 
 We also rely, or plan to rely, on regulatory exclusivity, including Orphan Drug designation and New Chemical Entity (NCE) and Biologic License Application (BLA) exclusivities, as well as trade secrets and carefully monitor our proprietary information to protect all aspects of our business. 
 We plan to continue to expand our intellectual property portfolio by filing patent applications for our product candidates. We file and prosecute patent applications in the United States and Europe and, when appropriate, additional countries, including Japan, Korea, Canada and China. 
 Our success will depend significantly upon our ability to: (i) obtain and maintain patents and other exclusivity protections for commercially important technology, inventions and know-how related to our business (ii) prosecute our patent applications to issue as patents and defend and enforce our patents (iii) maintain our licenses to use intellectual property owned by others (iv) preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets, and (v) operate without infringing the valid and enforceable patents and other proprietary rights of others. In addition to maintaining our existing proprietary assets, we seek to strengthen our proprietary positions when economically reasonable to do so. Our ability to augment our proprietary position relies on its: (i) know-how (ii) ability to access technological innovations, and (iii) ability to in-license technology when appropriate. 
 The patent positions of pharmaceutical/biotechnology companies like us are generally uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific, and factual issues. In addition, the scope claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced during the patent prosecution process before any patent issues. After issuance of a patent, if the issued patent is challenged, then the courts or a patent office can redefine the scope of the patent, including by invalidating some or all of the patent claims, or rendering the patent unenforceable in its entirety. Consequently, we do not know with certainty whether patents will issue in each country in which we or our licensors file patent applications, or if those patent applications, if ever issued, will issue with claims that cover our product candidates, or, even if they do issue, whether the patent or its relevant claims will remain enforceable upon challenge. Accordingly, we cannot predict with certainty whether the patent applications we are currently pursuing will issue as patents in a particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any issued patents will provide sufficient proprietary protection from potential competitors to make any of our products commercially successful. Any of our patents, including already issued in-licensed patents or any patents that may issue to us or our licensors in the future, could be challenged, narrowed, circumvented, or invalidated by third parties. Newly filed patent applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO) and certain other patent offices are maintained in secrecy for a minimum of 18 months, and publications of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature often lag far behind the actual discoveries themselves. For these reasons, we cannot be certain that inventions claimed in pending patent applications were not invented by another party prior to our invention or disclosed or claimed in a patent application filed before the effective filing date of our applications, in either of which case the claims may not be patentable to us. For certain applications with an effective filing date prior to March 13, 2013, we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention. Also, while we are not currently participating in any interferences or post-grant challenge proceedings, such as patent oppositions, post-grant reexamination proceedings, inter parties review proceedings and patent litigation, that seek to invalidate claims of pending patent applications or issued patents, we may have to participate in such proceedings in the future. Such proceedings could result in substantial cost, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. 
 The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries where they are issued. In most countries, the standard patent term for inventions relating to human drugs and their formulation and use is 20 years from the date of filing the first non-provisional patent or international application under the Patent Cooperation Treaty of 1970 (PCT). 
 The PCT is an international patent law treaty that provides a single PCT application can be converted into a patent application in any of the more than 154 PCT contracting states, providing a cost-effective means for seeking patent protection in numerous regions or countries. Conversion of a PCT application into an application in any of the contracting states typically occurs about 30 months after a priority application is filed, or about 18 months after the PCT application filing date. An applicant must undertake prosecution within the allotted time in the patent offices of any, or a combination, of the contracting states or in a regional patent office it determines to undertake patent issuance in protection in such country or territory. 
 20 

We own or in-license a number of patents in the U.S. and foreign countries that cover our products, product candidates, and methods of their use. With respect to our owned or in-licensed issued patents in the U.S. and Europe, we may be entitled to obtain an extension of patent term to extend the patent expiration date. For example, in the U.S., this extended coverage period is known as patent term extension (PTE) and can only be obtained provided we apply for and receive a marketing authorization for a product. The period of extension may be up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent, but cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval. Only one patent among those eligible for an extension may be extended. In Europe, Supplementary Protection Certificates (SPC) may also be available to patents, which would be available by applying to the member states. However, there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the FDA, will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and even if granted, the length of such extensions. The exact duration of the extension depends on the time we spend in clinical studies as well as getting marketing approval from the FDA. 
 Patent Protection of Our Product Candidates 
 The exclusivity positions for our clinical-stage product candidates as of December 31, 2021 are summarized below. 
 LNF . We have licensed from Merck a portfolio of patents and know how covering the compound, formulations of the compound, and synthesis, but these expire before the anticipated launch date of the LNF product candidate. 
 In the United States, we have obtained patent protection for the use of LNF in combination with RTV for the treatment of HDV infection. Eiger s U.S. Patent Nos. 10,076,512 and 10,828,283 entitled, Treatment of Hepatitis Delta Virus Infection, include claims covering a broad range of RTV-boosted LNF doses and durations. The patents have terms that extend at least until 2035. A Notice of Allowance was also received for an additional U.S. application, which we expect will issue in the first half of 2022. Additional claims are being pursued in a continuation application. The European Patent Office, the Chinese Patent office and the Japanese Patent Office have also granted patents with claims covering a broad range of LNF boosted with RTV dosing regimens for the treatment of HDV infection. These patents will have a term that extends to 2035. In Europe, China and Japan, additional claims are being pursued in divisional applications. We have now obtained patent protection with claims covering treatment of HDV with LNF boosted with RTV in key major pharmaceutical markets including the U.S., Europe, China and Japan. Corresponding patent applications claiming the use of lonafarnib boosted with ritonavir are pending in Korea. 
 Additionally, US Patent 10,835,496 and a European Patent issued claiming particular dosage forms for ritonavir-boosted lonafarnib for the treatment of HDV infections. These patents extend protection until at least 2036. Applications are also pending in China, Japan and Korea. Any patents that issue from these applications will expire in 2036. 
 We have in-licensed from The Progeria Research Foundation patents covering the methods of treating Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome (HGPS or Progeria), and progeroid laminopathies. The patents provide protection until at least 2024 and an application for patent term extension (PTE) that could extend the protection for one of the patents until 2029 has been filed. We have also filed a patent application in the U.S. directed to methods of treating progeria and progeroid laminopathies that if issued would provide further protection until at least 2039. In addition, LNF has been granted Orphan Drug designation by the FDA and the EMA in this indication, which respectively may provide up to seven and ten years of regulatory exclusivity. 
 Lambda. We have in-licensed from BMS a portfolio of patents relating to the manufacture, use, and compositions of interferon lambda modified by polyethylene glycol derivatization (lambda). The key United States composition of matter patent in this portfolio expires in 2025, but we expect to be eligible for the full five years of patent term extension for that patent. In addition, we expect regulatory approval for lambda to be filed under a BLA, which if granted would provide 12 years reference product exclusivity (4 years in filing exclusivity 12 years for data), as well as orphan drug exclusivity for treatment of HDV infection. 
 21 

In the United States and Europe, we have obtained patent protection for the use of lambda for treatment of HDV infection. U.S. Patent No. 10,953,072 issued with claims covering the use of lambda to treat HDV. The term of this patent extends at least until 2037. The European Patent Office has also granted a patent with claims covering use of lambda to treat HDV. Additional claims are being pursued in continuation/divisional applications in the U.S. and Europe. Applications are also pending in China, Japan and Korea. Any patents that issue from these applications will expire in 2037. 
 We also filed a PCT application relating to the use of lambda in HDV that has matured into patent applications in the United States, Europe, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Eurasia, Israel, India, Japan, Korea, Mexico, and South Africa. Any patents that issue from these applications will offer protection until at least 2039. 
 In addition, we have filed PCT applications related to the use of lambda and lonafarnib and ritonavir to treat HDV, and lambda to treat COVID-19 which will offer protection until 2040 if issued into patents at the national stage. 
 Avexitide . We have in-licensed from Stanford two PCT applications that claim the use of avexitide and other agents in the treatment of hypoglycemia associated with bariatric surgery, including in PBH. The USPTO issued US 10,639,354,US 10,660,937, US 10,993,992, and US 10,993,991, which provide protection at least until 2036. Up to five years of patent term extension will be available in the United States. The European Patent Office has also granted two patents with claims covering use of avexitide to treat hypoglycemia, which will expire in 2036. Additional claims are being pursued in continuation/divisional applications in the U.S. and Europe. Applications are also pending in Australia, Brazil, Canada, and Chile. Notices of Allowance have been received for two Australian patent applications, and the patents are expected to issue in the first half of 2022. Any patents that issue from these applications will expire in 2036. Additionally, avexitide has been granted Orphan Drug designation in the treatment of hyperinsulinemic hypeoglycemia by the FDA and the EMA, which provides seven years and ten years of regulatory exclusivity in the United States and Europe, respectively. 
 In the United States, we have obtained patent protection for formulations of avexitide and the use of these formulations in the treatment of hypoglycemia associated with bariatric surgery. The USPTO issued US 11,020,484, which will provide protection at least until 2037. Additional claims are being pursued in continuation application. Applications are also pending in Europe, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Hong Kong, Israel, India, and Japan. Any patents that issue from these applications will expire in 2037. 
 We have also filed a PCT application related to method of treating HI and PBH, that has matured into patent applications in the United States, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Europe, Israel, India, and Japan. If issued, the patents will provide protection until 2039. 
 We have in-licensed patents and patent applications from the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania (UPenn) and CHOP , relating to hyperinsulemic hypoglycemia. The in-licensed patents and applications relate to multiple hyperinsulinemic disorders, including PBH and HI. The patents, which are issued in the U.S. and Europe, and provide protection until 2028. There are continuation applications pending from which we are pursuing additional claim coverage. 
 Other Proprietary Rights and Processes 
 We also rely on trade secret protection for some of our confidential and proprietary information. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business, scientific, development or financial affairs that are either developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us are to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees and consultants, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets and disclose our technology. If these events happen, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. 
 Our agreements with employees also provide that all inventions conceived by the employee in the course of employment with us or based on the employee s use of our confidential information are our exclusive property or that we have an exclusive royalty free license to use such technology. 
 22 

Competition 
 The biopharmaceutical industry is highly competitive. We face competition from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. Given the significant unmet medical need for novel therapies to treat Progeria, chronic hepatitis delta virus infection, congenital hyperinsulinism, post-bariatric hypoglycemia, and COVID-19, these conditions are where various treatments from many companies are used and where many public and private universities and research organizations are actively engaged in the discovery, research and development of product candidates. As a result, there are and will likely continue to be extensive resources invested in the discovery and development of new products to treat these unmet medical needs. We anticipate facing intense and increasing competition as new products enter the market and advanced technologies become available. 
 In addition, there are numerous multinational pharmaceutical companies and large biotechnology companies currently marketing or pursuing the development of products or product candidates targeting the same indications as our product candidates. Many of our competitors, either alone or with strategic partners, have or will have substantially greater financial, technical and human resources than us. Accordingly, our competitors may be more successful than us in developing or marketing products and technologies that are more effective, safer or less costly. Additionally, our competitors may obtain regulatory approval for their products more rapidly and may achieve more widespread market acceptance. Accelerated mergers and acquisitions activity in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. These companies also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical study sites and patient registration for clinical studies and acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 
 Our potential competitors and the related stage of development of their product candidates in target indications is as follows: 

HDV: Gilead (conditional approval in Europe, BLA submitted in the U.S.) Replicor, Inc. (Phase 2) Janssen Research & Development, LLC (Phase 2) 

Progeria and Progeroid Laminopathies: PRG Science & Technology (Phase 1) 

HI: Zealand Pharmaceuticals (Phase 3) Rezolute, Inc (Phase 2b) Hamni (Phase 2) Crinetics (Phase 1) 

PBH: Zealand Pharmaceuticals (Phase 2b) Xeris Pharmaceuticals (Phase 2) 

COVID-19: Pfizer, Merck, Gilead, VIR, GSK, and Eli Lily (multiple therapeutics approved via emergency use authorization) 

 There are other therapies that are used or may be used for our targeted indications, and these other products in clinical development or marketed for other indications may be used in competition with our product candidates if we are able to identify potential market opportunities of interest. For example, HDV has not been generally identified as a target for development compared to hepatitis B or hepatitis C, and products on the market or in development for those indications may potentially be tested in HDV as the understanding of the potential medical need for therapies in this indication become more widely understood. 
 We believe that the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates are efficacy, safety and tolerability profile, convenience in dosing, product labeling, cost-effectiveness, price, the level of generic competition and the availability of reimbursement from the government and other third-parties. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated for any of our products if our competitors have products that are approved earlier than our product candidates or are superior compared to our product candidates or if our product candidates do not result in an improvement in condition compared to those other products. 
 License and Asset Purchase Agreements 
 License Agreement with Merck 
 In September 2010, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Schering Corporation, subsequently acquired by Merck, which provides us with the exclusive right to develop and commercialize lonafarnib. As 
 23 

consideration for such exclusive right, we issued Private Eiger convertible preferred stock with a fair value of 0.5 million when the agreement was executed in September 2010. This preferred stock was converted to 27,350 shares of common stock upon the Merger. In addition, we are obligated to pay Merck up to an aggregate of 27.0 million in development milestones and will be required to pay tiered royalties based on aggregate annual net sales of all licensed products ranging from mid-single to low double-digit royalties on net sales. Our obligation to pay royalties to Merck expires on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis on the later of the expiration of the last to expire patent assigned to us under the agreement on the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the product. In May 2015, the first regulatory milestone was achieved, and we paid the related milestone payment of 1.0 million to Merck. No additional milestone payments were incurred during the year ended December 31, 20 2 1 . Upon positive data from D-LIVR, we will owe Merck a 1 .0 million milestone. D-LIVR is expected to read-out by the end of 2022. 
 The Merck License will continue for so long as we owe royalty payments to Merck under the agreement. Each party has the right to terminate the Merck License Agreement for the other party s uncured material breach or bankruptcy. Merck also has the right to terminate the agreement if we discontinue development and commercialization of LNF for a specified period of time. In addition, we have the right to terminate the agreement, with notice, for any reason. 
 On May 15, 2018, we entered into an amendment to the exclusive license agreement with Merck, which provides for expansion of the existing exclusively licensed field of use under the license agreement with Merck to include all uses of lonafarnib related to the treatment of Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome in humans at no cost to us. We have the sole responsibility and the continuing obligation for the manufacture and supply of lonafarnib to The Progeria Research Foundation. Merck will not receive milestone payments in relation to lonafarnib for the treatment of progeria and progeroid laminopathies or any royalty payments for sales of lonafarnib to treat the currently estimated progeria and progeroid laminopathies patient population worldwide. On November 3, 2020, we entered into an amendment to the exclusive license agreement with Merck which expanded the definition of progeria to also include progeroid laminopathies. 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with AbbVie Inc. 
 On November 20, 2020, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the AbbVie Agreement) with AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) to sell our Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher, which was awarded on November 20, 2020 upon approval by the FDA of our new drug application for Zokinvy for Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome and processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies (the PRV) to AbbVie. The AbbVie Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, and indemnification provisions subject to certain limitations. 
 In consideration for the PRV, AbbVie agreed to pay us 95.0 million. The transaction closed in January 2021. Such consideration was shared equally with The Progeria Research Foundation (the PRF) in accordance with the terms of our Collaboration and Supply Agreement, dated May 15, 2018, with the PRF, pursuant to which we and the PRF will equally share any proceeds from the sale of a priority review voucher that we may receive as the sponsor of a rare pediatric disease product application. We retained approximately 46.5 million of the net proceeds from the sale of the PRV. 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Eiger Group International, Inc. 
 In December 2010, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Eiger Group International, Inc. (EGI) dated December 8, 2010 (the EGI APA). Dr. Jeffrey Glenn, a member of our board of directors, is the sole owner of EGI. 
 Under the EGI APA, we purchased all the assets including intellectual property rights related to the use of farnesyl transferase inhibitors as anti-viral agents and methods to treat viral infection with those inhibitors. We also purchased all assets including intellectual property rights related to the use of inhibitors of prenylation, prenyl cysteine methyltransferase, and a specified protease as anti-viral agents and methods to treat viral infection with those inhibitors. We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize the licensed products in major markets. 
 Under the EGI APA, we paid EGI an upfront payment of 0.4 million. Additionally, we are obligated to pay EGI a low single-digit royalty based on aggregate annual net sales of products developed using the intellectual property. Within the first ten years after commercialization, we may make a one-time payment of 0.5 million for each contract for the three types of product related to such intellectual property that would reduce the payment term for the three products to the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale. The obligation to pay royalties expires on a 
 24 

country-by-country and product-by-product basis on the later of either when the product is no longer sold in any country or the earliest of the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the product. 
 The term of the EGI APA extends until expiration of all payment obligations, and we may terminate the agreement upon notice to EGI. EGI may terminate the EGI APA if we fail to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products. In addition, each party may terminate the EGI APA for the other party s uncured material breach or bankruptcy. In the event of any termination, other than termination by us for EGI s breach, we will assign the purchased assets back to EGI. 
 In November 2012, we entered into an agreement with EGI whereby we sold all of the assets related to the compound clemizole, including any related intellectual property. EGI is obligated to pay to us a high single-digit royalty on future aggregate annual net sales, subject to certain reductions and exceptions. EGI s obligation to pay royalties expires on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis on the later of either expiration of the last to expire patent sold to EGI under the agreement or the earliest of the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the product. As of December 31, 2021, the product has not achieved regulatory approval. 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Tracey McLaughlin and Colleen Craig 
 We entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with two individuals, Dr. Tracey McLaughlin and Dr. Colleen Craig (the Sellers) dated September 25, 2015 (the Exendin APA). We also entered into a consulting agreement with the Sellers as part of the agreement. 
 Under the Exendin APA, we purchased all the assets and the intellectual property rights related to the compound avexitide from the Sellers, including an assignment of a license agreement with Stanford which covered exclusive rights with respect to the compound avexitide. Under the assigned Stanford exclusive license agreement, we are obligated to pay Stanford a low, single-digit royalty on net sales after the first commercial sale of any product developed based on avexitide. 
 Under the Exendin APA, we are obligated to pay development milestone payments in aggregate up to 1.0 million to each of the Sellers and a low, single-digit royalty based on aggregate annual net sales of all products developed based on avexitide subject to certain reductions and exceptions. Our obligation to pay royalties expires on the expiration of the last to expire patent assigned to us under the agreement. We also agreed to retain each of the Sellers as consultants pursuant to consulting agreements, each with a term of one year, subject to annual renewal. The consulting agreements related to the Exendin APA have expired. During the year ended December 31, 2017, upon the successful completion of the Phase 2 trials, the development milestone was achieved, and we paid the related milestone payment of 0.1 million to each of the Sellers. 
 License Agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company 
 In April 2016, we entered into a License Agreement and a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company , together BMS, the BMS Purchase Agreement and the BMS License Agreement. 
 Under the BMS License Agreement, BMS granted us an exclusive, worldwide, license to research, develop, manufacture, and sell products containing the proprietary BMS molecule known as PEG-interferon Lambda-1a , or lambda, (the Licensed Product) for all therapeutic and diagnostic uses in humans and animals. 
 We are responsible for the development and commercialization of the Licensed Product at our sole cost and expense. In April 2016, under the BMS License Agreement we paid an upfront payment of 2.0 million in cash and issued 157,587 shares of our common stock to BMS with an aggregate fair value of 3.2 million . The BMS Purchase Agreement grants BMS certain registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock delivered, and BMS has agreed to certain trading and other restrictions with respect to the shares purchased. 
 Under the BMS License Agreement, we are obligated to make development and regulatory milestone payments totaling 61.0 million and commercial sales milestones of up to 128.0 million after the achievement of specified milestones. We are also obligated to pay BMS annual net sales royalties in the range of mid-single to mid-teens, depending on net sales levels. If we grant a sublicense, we are obligated to pay BMS a portion of the sublicensing income received. As of December 31, 2021, the product has not reached commercialization and no milestones have been paid. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded a 3.0 million milestone expense that was triggered on 
 25 

successful demonstration of proof of concept in a Phase 2 clinical trial. We expect to incur a 5.0 million milestone expense in the first quarter of 2022 related to the initiation of the Phase 3 LIMT-2 study of lambda for HDV . 
 License Agreement with the Trustees of the UPenn and CHOP 
 In May 2019, the Company entered into a license agreement (the UPenn/CHOP Agreement) with the Trustees of the UPenn and the CHOP, under which we obtained an exclusive, royalty-bearing, worldwide license to develop, manufacture and sell certain GLP-1 receptor antagonist(s) products to treat all human and animal conditions. We also obtained an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicenseable, worldwide license to certain data developed by CHOP. We are responsible for the development and commercialization of the licensed products at our sole cost and expense. 
 As part of the consideration for the rights granted to us under the UPenn/CHOP Agreement, we paid UPenn a one-time, non-refundable issue fee of 1.0 million, which is recorded in research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2019. In addition, we are obligated to pay UPenn a specified annual license maintenance fee, up to 2.5 million in certain regulatory milestones, and up to 18.0 million in commercial milestones. We will also be required to pay UPenn a flat royalty in the low-single digits on our net sales of all licensed products, subject to specified reductions and offsets, and specified minimum annual royalty payments. Our obligation to pay royalties expires on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, on the later of: (i) the expiration of the last valid claim in the licensed patents in any country, or (ii) the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the product in such country. No milestones have been achieved as of December 31, 2021. 
 We may terminate the UPenn/CHOP Agreement in its entirety for any reason by providing prior written notice to UPenn and CHOP. UPenn or CHOP may terminate the UPenn/CHOP Agreement, upon a written notice, for our failure to achieve the specified diligence milestones within the specified periods, subject to our extension rights. 
 Government Regulations and Product Approvals 
 Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, import and export of pharmaceutical products such as those we are developing. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 FDA Approval Process 
 All of our current product candidates are subject to regulation in the United States by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDC Act) and its implementing regulations. Our lambda product candidate is additionally subject to regulation as a biologic under the Public Health Service Act. The FDA subjects drugs and biologics to extensive pre and post market regulation. Failure to comply with the FDC Act and other federal and state statutes and regulations may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending new drug applications (NDAs), BLAs, withdrawal of approvals, clinical holds, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties or criminal penalties. 
 FDA approval is required before any new biologic, drug or dosage form, including a new use of a previously approved drug, can be marketed in the United States. The process required by the FDA before a new drug may be marketed in the United States is long, expensive, and inherently uncertain. Drug development in the United States typically involves completion of preclinical laboratory and animal tests, submission to the FDA of an IND application, which must become effective before clinical testing may commence, approval by an independent institutional review board (IRB) at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated, performance of adequate and well controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the drug for each indication for which FDA approval is sought, submission to the FDA of an NDA or BLA, satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product is produced, and FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA. Developing the data to satisfy FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity, and novelty of the product, disease or indication. 
 26 

Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of the product s chemistry, formulation, and toxicity, as well as animal studies to characterize and assess the potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including good laboratory practice (GLP) regulations. These preclinical results are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about the product s chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long term preclinical studies including reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity may be initiated or continue after the IND is submitted. 
 An IND must become effective before United States clinical trials may begin. A 30-day waiting period after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has neither commented on nor questioned the IND within this 30-day period, the IND automatically becomes effective and the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. If the FDA raises any concerns or questions and places the clinical trial on a clinical hold, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, a submission of an IND may not result in FDA authorization to commence a clinical trial. A separate submission to an existing IND must also be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development. 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug to human subjects under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations, including good clinical practice (GCP) requirements for conducting, monitoring, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials, in order to ensure that the data and results are scientifically credible and accurate and that the trial subjects are adequately informed of the potential risks of participating in clinical trials and (ii) with protocols that detail, among other things, the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. 
 The FDA may order the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to and approved by an IRB at each study site before the study commences at that site and the IRB must monitor the clinical trial until it is completed. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at that site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements or if the drug candidate has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients, or the IRB may impose other conditions. The study sponsor or the FDA may also suspend or discontinue a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a determination that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. 
 Clinical trials to support an NDA or BLA for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, although there is leeway to overlap or combine these phases. 

Phase 1 . The drug candidate is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition, and is tested to assess safety, dosage tolerance, pharmacokinetics and pharmacological activity, and, when possible, to ascertain evidence of efficacy. The drug candidate may also be tested in patients with severe or life-threatening diseases to gain an early indication of its effectiveness. 

Phase 2 . The trials are conducted using a limited patient population for the purposes of preliminarily determining the effectiveness of the drug in that particular indication, ascertaining dosage tolerance, discerning the optimal dosage, and identifying possible adverse effects and safety risks. 

Phase 3 . If a compound demonstrates evidence of efficacy and has an acceptable safety profile in the Phase 2 clinical trials, then Phase 3 clinical trials are undertaken to obtain additional information from an expanded and diverse patient population, at multiple, geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in randomized controlled studies often with a double-blind design to maximize the reproducibility of the study results. Typically, a minimum of two positive Phase 3 clinical trials are submitted to support the product s marketing application. These Phase 3 clinical trials are intended to provide sufficient data demonstrating evidence of the efficacy and safety of the drug such that the FDA can evaluate the overall benefit-risk of the drug and provide adequate information for the labeling and package insert for the drug. Trials conducted outside of the United States under similar, GCP-compliant conditions in accordance with local applicable laws may also be acceptable to FDA in support of product approval. 

 27 

Sponsors of clinical trials for investigational drugs must publicly disclose certain clinical trial information, including detailed trial design. These requirements are subject to specific timelines and apply to most Phase 3 clinical trials of FDA-regulated products. 
 In some cases, FDA may condition approval of an NDA or BLA for a product candidate on the sponsor s agreement to conduct additional clinical trials after approval. In other cases, a sponsor may voluntarily conduct additional clinical trials post approval to gain more information about the drug. Such post approval trials are typically referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials. 
 Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether or not a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study. Phase 1, Phase 2, Phase 3 and Phase 4 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, or at all. 
 Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually finalize a process for manufacturing the drug in commercial quantities in accordance with current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug candidate and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final drug product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 After completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA or BLA is prepared and submitted to the FDA requesting approval to market the drug or biologic for one or more specified indications. FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the United States. The NDA or BLA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical, and other testing, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with other detailed information including compilation of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture, and controls. The application must also contain extensive manufacturing information. The FDA reviews an NDA or BLA to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe and effective for its intended use. The cost of preparing and submitting an NDA or BLA is substantial. Under federal law, the submission of most NDAs and BLAs is subject to both a substantial application user fee and annual program user fees. These fees are typically increased annually. 
 The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA or BLA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s threshold determination that the application is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an application for filing. In this event, the application must be resubmitted with the additional information. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review. 
 Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) guidelines that are currently in effect, the FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of applications. Standard applications are generally reviewed within ten months of filing, or twelve months from submission. Although FDA often meets its user fee performance goals, the FDA can extend these timelines if necessary, and FDA review may not occur on a timely basis. The FDA usually refers applications for novel drugs, or drugs that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an advisory committee a panel of independent experts, typically including clinicians and other scientific experts for review, evaluation, and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of the advisory committee, but it generally follows its recommendations. Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one, or more, clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it verifies that compliance with cGMP requirements is satisfactory and that the manufacturing processes and facilities are adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. The FDA will not approve a product unless the application contains data showing substantial evidence that it is safe and effective in the indication studied. 
 After the FDA evaluates the application and conducts its inspections, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies contained in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information in order for the FDA to reconsider the application, including 
 28 

potentially significant, expensive and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, nonclinical studies or manufacturing. Even if such data are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data from clinical trials are not always conclusive, and the FDA may interpret data differently than we do. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the application, the FDA will typically issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of additional information requested. FDA approval is never guaranteed. The FDA may refuse to approve an application if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied. 
 An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. The approval for a drug may be significantly more limited than requested in the application, including limitations on the specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. The FDA may also require that certain contraindications, warnings, or precautions be included in the product s package insert, or labeling. 
 In addition, as a condition of approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (REMS) to help ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guidelines, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use (ETASU). ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, including dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring, and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS or use of a companion diagnostic with a drug can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the drug. Moreover, product approval may require, as a condition of approval, substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy. The FDA may also condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling or development of adequate controls and specifications. 
 Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards are not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. In addition, after approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes, and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval. There also are continuing, annual program user fees for any marketed products, as well as new application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data. 
 505(b)(2) NDA Pathway 
 As an alternative path to FDA approval, an applicant may submit an NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. A Section 505(b)(2) NDA is an application that contains full reports of investigations of safety and effectiveness, but where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by, or for, the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference or use from the person by or for whom the investigations were conducted. This type of application permits reliance for such approvals on literature or on an FDA finding of safety, effectiveness or both for an approved drug product. 
 Orphan Drugs 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant an Orphan Drug designation to products intended to treat a rare disease or condition generally one that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. Orphan Drug designation must be requested before submitting the NDA or BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the FDA publicly discloses the drug s identity and its intended orphan use. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The first active moiety to be approved to treat a disease with FDA s Orphan Drug designation is entitled to a seven-year period of marketing exclusivity in the United States for that product, for that indication. During the seven-year exclusivity period, the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same orphan indication, regardless of patent status, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity or if the FDA finds that the holder of the orphan exclusivity has not shown that it can assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan drug to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the drug was designated. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different chemical/biological entity for the same disease or condition. An orphan drug designation also does not preclude the same drug from being developed for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of Orphan Drug designation are tax credits for certain research expenses and a waiver of the application user fee. 
 29 

Rare Pediatric Disease (RPD) designation by FDA enables priority review voucher (PRV) eligibility upon U.S. market approval of a designated drug for rare pediatric diseases. The RPD-PRV program is intended to encourage development of therapies to prevent and treat rare pediatric diseases. The voucher, which is awarded upon NDA or BLA approval to the sponsor of a designated RPD can be sold or transferred to another entity and used by the holder to receive priority review for a future NDA or BLA submission, which reduces the FDA review time of such future submission from ten to six months. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 The FDA offers several expedited development and review programs for qualifying product candidates. The Fast Track program is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new products are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. Fast Track designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a fast track product has opportunities for frequent interactions with the review team during product development and, once an NDA or BLA is submitted, the product may be eligible for priority review. A fast track product may also be eligible for rolling review, where the FDA may consider for review sections of the NDA or BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the application, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the application. 
 A product intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may also be eligible for Breakthrough Therapy Designation to expedite its development and review. A product can receive Breakthrough Therapy Designation if preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the Fast Track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance beginning as early as Phase 1 and an organizational commitment to expedite the development and review of the product, including involvement of senior managers. PRIME designation by the EMA confers comparable benefits on qualifying drug product candidates. 
 Any marketing application for a biologic submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product with a Fast Track designation and/or Breakthrough Therapy Designation, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite the FDA review and approval process, such as priority review and accelerated approval. A product is eligible for priority review if it has the potential to provide a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious disease or condition compared to marketed products. For products containing new molecular entities, priority review designation means the FDA s goal is to take action on the marketing application within six months of the 60-day filing date (compared with ten months under standard review). A product is eligible for accelerated approval if the product provides a meaningful therapeutic advantage to patients over available treatments for a serious or life threatening condition, based upon a determination that the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. The FDA may also grant accelerated approval for such drug for such a condition when the product has an effect on an intermediate clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality (IMM) and that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Products granted accelerated approval must meet the same statutory standards for safety and effectiveness as those granted traditional approval and accelerated approval is typically contingent on a requirement to conduct additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the drug s clinical benefit. FDA may withdraw approval using expedited procedures if, among other things, the sponsor fails to conduct any required post-approval study with due diligence or a such study fails to verify and describe a clinical benefit. 
 Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy Designation, priority review, accelerated approval and RMAT designation do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. 
 Advertising and Promotion 
 Drugs manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing post-approval regulatory requirements. For instance, the FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of drugs, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the Internet. Failure to 
 30 

comply with these requirements can result in adverse publicity as well as significant penalties, including the issuance of warning letters directing a company to correct any deviations from the FDA s standards. The FDA may also impose a requirement that future advertising and promotional materials be pre-cleared by the FDA, and the company may face federal and/or state civil and criminal investigations and prosecutions. 
 Drugs may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new application or supplement before the change can be implemented. A supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs or BLAs. Obtaining new indication is an important part of managing the life cycle of the drug. 
 Adverse Event Reporting and cGMP Compliance 
 Recordkeeping, adverse event reporting and the submission of periodic reports are required following the FDA s approval of an NDA or BLA. The FDA also may require post-marketing testing or Phase 4 clinical trials, REMS, or surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved drug. In addition, the FDA may place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. Furthermore, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage and distribution procedures must continue to conform to cGMPs after approval. Manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies to assess compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements, including cGMPs. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP requirements and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the areas of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMPs. Failure to comply with the statutory and regulatory requirements can subject a manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product, injunctive action or possible civil penalties. We cannot be certain that we or our present or future third-party manufacturers or suppliers will be able to comply with the cGMP regulations and other ongoing FDA regulatory requirements. If we or our present or future third-party manufacturers or suppliers are not able to comply with these requirements, the FDA may halt our clinical trials, require us to recall a drug from distribution or withdraw approval of the NDA for that drug. Regulatory authorities may also withdraw product approvals, request product recalls, or impose marketing restrictions through labeling changes or product removals upon discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes. 
 Other Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 
 In the United States, our activities are potentially subject to regulation by federal, state, and local authorities in addition to the FDA. These other agencies include, without limitation, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the U.S. Department of Justice and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the Department of Justice, as well as state and local governments. Such agencies enforce a variety of laws, including without limitation, anti-kickback and false claims laws, data privacy and security laws, and physician payment transparency laws. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good, facility, item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality 
 31 

of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare covered business, the Anti-Kickback Statute has been violated. 
 The federal civil False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment to or approval by the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. Pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for, among other things, allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of products for unapproved, and thus non-reimbursable, uses. In addition, the civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person or entity that, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. 
 Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. 
 We may be subject to data privacy and information security laws and regulations, including both foreign and domestic, in the locations in which we conduct our business. HIPAA and its respective implementing regulations imposes specific requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information and requires the adoption of administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect such information. In addition, certain state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA and many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 In addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians and other healthcare providers. The Physician Payments Sunshine Act imposes, among other things, annual reporting requirements for covered manufacturers for certain payments and transfers of value provided to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Covered manufacturers must submit reports by the 90th day of each calendar year. Beginning in 2022, such obligations include payments and other transfers of value provided in the previous year to certain other healthcare professionals, including physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, anesthesiologist assistants, certified nurse anesthetists, and certified nurse-midwives. 
 Many states have similar laws and regulations that may differ from each other and federal law in significant ways, thus complicating compliance efforts. For example, states have anti-kickback and false claims laws that may be broader in scope than analogous federal laws and may apply regardless of payer. In addition, state data privacy laws that protect the security of health information may differ from each other and may not be preempted by federal law. In addition, certain states require implementation of commercial compliance programs and compliance with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, impose restrictions on marketing practices, and/or tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration or items of value provided to physicians and other healthcare professionals and entities. Moreover, several states and local jurisdictions require the registration of sales representatives. These laws may adversely affect our sales, marketing and other activities with respect to any product candidate for which we receive approval to market in the United States by imposing administrative and compliance burdens on us. 
 32 

If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the health regulatory laws described above or any other laws that apply to it, we may be subject to penalties, including potentially significant criminal, civil and/or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 International Regulation 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, a variety of foreign regulations govern clinical trials, commercial sales, and distribution of drugs. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a drug, we or our collaborators must obtain approval of the drug by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before commencing clinical trials or marketing of the drug in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country and the time to approve may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. Further, to the extent that any of our products are sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to additional foreign laws and regulations, which may include, for instance, applicable post-marketing requirements, including safety surveillance, anti-fraud and abuse laws and implementation of corporate compliance programs and reporting of payments or transfers of value to healthcare professionals. 
 To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational drug or biological product under EU regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application (MAA) either under the so-called centralized or national authorization procedures. The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization by the European Commission following a favorable opinion by the EMA that is valid in all EU Member states, as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The centralized procedure is compulsory for medicines produced by specified biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products, and products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of specified diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative disorders or autoimmune diseases, other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for other products that represent a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation, or whose authorization would be in the interest of public health or which contain a new active substance for indications other than those specified to be compulsory. 
 The EMA grants orphan drug designation to promote the development of products for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions affecting not more than five in 10,000 people in the EU. In addition, orphan drug designation can be granted if the drug is intended for a life threatening or chronically debilitating condition in the EU and without incentives it is unlikely that sales of the drug in the EU would be sufficient to justify the investment required to develop the drug. Orphan drug designation is only available if there is no other satisfactory method approved in the EU of diagnosing, preventing or treating the condition, or if such a method exists, the proposed orphan drug will be of significant benefit to patients. Orphan drug designation provides opportunities for free or reduced-fee protocol assistance, fee reductions for marketing authorization applications and other post-authorization activities and ten years of market exclusivity following drug approval, which can be extended to 12 years if trials are conducted in accordance with an agreed-upon pediatric investigational plan. The exclusivity period may be reduced to six years if the designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. 
 Foreign data protection laws, including, without limitation, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR), the EU GDPR as transposed into the national laws of the United Kingdom by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (withdrawal) Act 2018 as the UK GDPR(together, the EU GDPR and the IK GDPR, the GDPR), the UK Data Protection, 2018 and European Union (EU) Member State and English data protection legislation, also apply to health-related and other personal information that we process, including, without limitation, personal information relating to clinical trial participants in the EU and/or the UK. The GDPR imposes significant obligations on controllers and processors of personal information, including, among other things, to: (i) implement administrative, physical, technical, and organizational safeguards to protect personal information (ii) establish an appropriate and valid legal basis for processing personal information (iii) comply with accountability and transparency requirements regarding the processing of personal information, which require controllers to demonstrate and record compliance with the GDPR and to provide more detailed information to data subjects 
 33 

regarding processing (iv) comply with data protection rights of data subjects including a right of access to and rectification of personal information a right to obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of personal information, a right to ask for a copy of personal information to be provided to a third party in a useable format and erasing personal information in certain circumstances (v) report certain personal data breaches to the relevant supervisory authority without undue delay (and no later than 72, where feasible) (vi), obtain explicit consent for collection of sensitive personal information such as health data and (vii) consider data protection as any new products or services are developed and to limit the amount of personal information processed. In addition, the GDPR prohibits the international transfer of personal information outside of the EU and/or the UK including to the U.S. r, unless made to a country deemed to have adequate data privacy laws by the European Commission and/or the UK or a data transfer mechanism in accordance with the GDPR (as applicable) has been put in place. 
 The GDPR allows EU Member States and the UK (as applicable) to make additional laws and regulations further limiting the processing of personal information, including genetic, biometric and health data. 
 The GDPR also introduces fines of up to 20 million (under the EU GDPR) or 17.5 million (under the UK GDPR) or up to 4 of the annual global revenue of the non-compliant company, whichever is greater, for serious violations of certain of the GDPR s requirements. The GDPR identifies a list of points to consider when determining the level of fines to impose (including the nature, gravity and duration of the infringement). Data subjects also have a right to compensation for financial or non-financial losses (e.g., distress). Complying with the GDPR may cause us to incur substantial operational and compliance costs or require us to change our business practices. Despite our efforts to bring practices into compliance with the GDPR, we may not be successful either due to internal or external factors such as resource allocation limitations or a lack of vendor cooperation. Non-compliance could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities, regulators, customers, data subjects, suppliers, vendors or other parties. Further, there is a risk that the measures will not be implemented correctly or that individuals within the business will not be fully compliant with the new procedures. If there are breaches of these measures, we could face significant administrative and monetary sanctions as well as reputational damage which may have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 
 In the United States and other countries, patients who are prescribed treatments for their conditions and providers performing the prescribed services generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs. Patients are unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided, and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our products. Sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will therefore depend in part on the availability of reimbursement from third-party payors, including government health administrative authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers, and other organizations. 
 The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a drug product typically is separate from the process for setting the price of a drug product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the drug product once coverage is approved. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover Zokinvy or any of our product candidates once approved could reduce physician utilization of such products and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. Additionally, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. One third-party payor s decision to cover a particular medical product or service does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product or service or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. As a result, the coverage determination process will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately and will be a time-consuming process. 
 34 

We expect that 50 to 70 of patients eligible for treatment with Zokinvy will be covered by government insurance such as Medicaid, and the remaining patients will be covered by commercial insurance. We have had active engagement with payers that cover the lives of identified patients with Progeria and processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies. 
 The containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of drug products and medical services, in addition to questioning safety and efficacy. If these third-party payors do not consider our products to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover our products after FDA approval or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our products at a profit. Additionally, coverage policies and third party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Therefore, even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more of our products, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 In addition, the U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have continued implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on coverage and reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that third-party payors will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our products once approved or additional pricing pressures. 
 Healthcare Reform 
 In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (the ACA) was passed, which substantially changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. There remain judicial and Congressional challenges to numerous provisions of the ACA. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, it has enacted laws that modify certain provisions of the ACA such as removing penalties for not complying with the ACA s individual mandate to carry health insurance and delaying the implementation of certain ACA-mandated fees. On December 14, 2018, a Texas U.S. District Court Judge ruled that the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. On December 18, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit upheld the District Court ruling that that the individual mandate was unconstitutional, and reversed the Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit s ruling. It is unclear how any future litigation regarding the ACA will impact certain provisions of the ACA, including provisions that impact our business. 
 Also, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs and biologics. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products For example, the Trump administration previously released a Blueprint to lower drug prices and reduce out-of-pocket costs of drugs that contained proposals to increase drug manufacturer competition, increase the negotiating power of certain federal healthcare programs, incentivize manufacturers to lower the list price of their products, and reduce the out-of-pocket costs of drug products paid by consumers. On July 24, 2020 and September 13, 2020, the Trump administration announced several executive orders related to drug pricing. As a result, the FDA released a final rule on September 24, 2020, effective November 30, 2020, providing guidance for states to build and submit importation plans for drugs from Canada. Further, in September 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, released the Biden administration s Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices in response to President Biden s Promoting Competition in the American Economy executive order issued July 9, 2021. In addition, at the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 35 

In the United States, the EU and other potentially significant markets for our product candidates, government authorities and third-party payors are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services, particularly for new and innovative products and therapies, which has resulted in lower average selling prices. For example, in the United States, there have been several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. Furthermore, the increased emphasis on managed healthcare in the United States and on country and regional pricing and reimbursement controls in the EU will put additional pressure on product pricing, reimbursement and usage, which may adversely affect our future product sales and results of operations. These pressures can arise from rules and practices of managed care groups, judicial decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to Medicare, Medicaid and healthcare reform, pharmaceutical reimbursement policies and pricing in general. Further, it is possible that additional governmental action is taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Our research and development expenses were 64.4 million, 41.6 million and 51.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2021, we had a total of 43 full-time employees in the United States and Europe, 27 of whom were primarily engaged in manufacturing and research and development activities, and 16 of whom were engaged in general management and administration. Nine of our employees have either an M.D. or a Ph.D. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We have never experienced any work stoppage and consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 Our human capital objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and additional employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards and cash-based performance bonus awards. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were originally incorporated in California in December 2000 as Celladon Corporation (Celladon). In April 2012, Celladon reincorporated in Delaware and had its initial public offering in February of 2014. On March 22, 2016, Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. (Private Eiger) completed its merger (Merger) with Celladon in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Celladon Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celladon (Merger Sub) merged with and into Private Eiger, with Private Eiger becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celladon and the surviving corporation of the Merger. Immediately following the Merger, Celladon changed its name to Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. In connection with the Merger, our common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Global Market with the ticker symbol EIGR on March 23, 2016. Our principal executive offices are located at 2155 Park Blvd in Palo Alto, California 94306, and our telephone number is 650-272-6138. Our corporate website address is www.eigerbio.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our reference to the URL for our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains references to our trademarks and to trademarks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including logos, artwork and other visual displays, may appear without the or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other company. 
 
 36 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this report, and in our other public filings. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this report and those we may make from time to time. You should consider all of the risk factors described when evaluating our business. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 Below is a summary of material factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. Importantly, this summary does not address all of the risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional discussion of the risks and uncertainties summarized in this risk factor summary, as well as other risks and uncertainties that we face, can be found under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. The below summary is qualified in its entirety by that more complete discussion of such risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report as part of your evaluation of an investment in our common stock. 

We are a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company with additional product candidates in clinical development and a limited operating history. We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception. We have one FDA-approved product for commercial sale, Zokinvy (lonafarnib), and prior to 2021, have never generated any product revenue and may never be profitable. 

We are dependent on the success of our product candidates, which are in various stages of clinical development. We cannot give any assurance that we will generate data for any of our product candidates sufficient to receive regulatory approval and without regulatory approval we will not be able to market our product candidates. 

Prior to the approval of our new drug application (NDA) for Zokinvy (lonafarnib) to reduce the risk of mortality in Progeria, and for treatment of processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies with either heterozygous LMNA mutation with progerin-like protein accumulation, or homozygous or compound heterozygous ZMPSTE24 mutations, we had not submitted an application for approval or obtained U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for any product. We may not be able to obtain FDA approval of any future NDA or Biologics License Application (BLA) for our product candidates, which would prohibit commercialization. 

Our Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for Zokinvy is currently under review by the European Medicines Agency (EMA), rejection of which would mean that we cannot commercialize Zokinvy in the European Economic Area. 

Our business strategy is based upon obtaining and maintaining Orphan Drug designation for our product candidates. If we are unable to obtain Orphan Drug designation or regulatory approval, our business would be substantially harmed. 

Drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies may not be predictive of future study results. 

We rely on clinical studies of our product candidates in order to obtain regulatory approval. We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical studies given the limited number of patients who have the diseases for which our product candidates are being studied. 

If clinical studies of our product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical studies, manufacture our product candidates and perform other services. Our ability to obtain regulatory approval or commercialize our product candidates and our business could be impaired if these collaborations are unsuccessful. 

 37 

If the market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we believe they are, we may not meet our revenue expectations. Because the patient populations in the market for our product candidates may be small, we must be able to successfully identify patients and acquire a significant market share to achieve profitability and growth. 

We face intense competition and rapid technological change and the possibility that our competitors may develop therapies that are similar, more advanced or more effective than ours. 

We currently have limited marketing and sales capabilities for the commercialization of our product candidates. 

The commercial success of any of our current or future product candidates will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. Sales of our products depend substantially on the extent to which the costs of our product candidates will be paid for or reimbursed by healthcare management organizations or government authorities or third-party payors. 

We are currently conducting and will continue to conduct clinical trials for our product candidates outside the United States, which could expose us to risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, including risks in connection with the recent actions taken by the Russian Federation in Ukraine and surrounding areas. 

We intend to rely on a combination of exclusivity from Orphan Drug designation and our patent rights for our product candidates. If we are unable to maintain exclusivity from the combination of these approaches, then our ability to compete effectively in our markets may be harmed. 

If we are unable to maintain effective proprietary rights for our product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize product candidates similar or identical to ours. 

We may be unsuccessful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to our product candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. If we fail to comply with obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property and other rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 

We may not be successful in any efforts to identify, license, discover, develop or commercialize additional product candidates. 

Healthcare legislative reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs. 

We face potential product liability, and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability and costs. 

We are dependent upon information technology systems and any failure or security breach of such systems could result in a material disruption in the development of our product candidates or other business operations as well as result in statutory or contractual obligations or otherwise expose us to liability. 

The current COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to adversely affect our financial condition and our business as well as those of third parties on which we rely on significant manufacturing, clinical or other business operations. 

 38 

Risks Related to our Financial Condition, Integration and Capital Requirements 
 We have incurred losses since our inception, have a limited operating history on which to assess our business, and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. 
 We are a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we reported a net loss of 33.9 million, 65.1 million, and 70.3 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 340.4 million. Our prior losses, combined with expected future losses, have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 
 We believe that our currently available resources will be sufficient to fund our planned operations for at least the next 12 months following the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements. We will continue to require substantial additional capital to continue our clinical development, manufacturing and regulatory approval efforts and potential commercialization activities. Accordingly, we will need to raise substantial additional capital to continue to fund our operations. The amounts and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including our ability to achieve regulatory approval and the pace and results of our clinical development efforts. Failure to raise capital as and when needed, on favorable terms or at all, would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to develop our product candidates. 
 We have devoted substantially all of our financial resources to identify, acquire, and develop our product candidates, including manufacturing of clinical supplies, conducting clinical studies and providing selling, general and administrative support for our operations. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities and debt facilities. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of our future expenditures and our ability to obtain funding through equity or debt financings, strategic collaborations, or grants. Biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We expect losses to increase as regulatory review of our MAA of Zokinvy for treatment of Progeria and processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies progresses towards potential approval and as we advance our clinical development programs in various clinical studies, particularly the D-LIVR pivotal study, to support the submission of an NDA for lonafarnib for use in an HDV indication. We may need significant additional resources in order to aggressively move lonafarnib forward successfully based on the discussions with the FDA. It may be several years, if ever, before we complete pivotal clinical studies and have additional product candidates approved for commercialization. We expect to invest significant funds into our clinical candidates to advance these compounds to potential regulatory approval. 
 If we obtain regulatory approval to market one or more additional product candidates, our future revenue will depend upon the size of any markets in which our product candidates may receive approval, and our ability to achieve sufficient market acceptance, pricing, reimbursement from third-party payors, and adequate market share for our product candidates in those markets. Even if we obtain adequate market share for our product candidates, because the potential markets in which our product candidates may ultimately receive regulatory approval could be very small, we may never become profitable despite obtaining such market share and acceptance of our products. We have also agreed with The Progeria Research Foundation to make Zokinvy available to Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome (HGPS or Progeria) and processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies patients under an expanded access program that may not result in payment to us. Future clinical trials of new therapies for Progeria conducted by third parties may also result in patients converting from commercially reimbursed Zokinvy to product provided through clinical trials and result in lower revenues received by us. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future and our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 

continue the clinical development of our product candidates 

in-license or acquire additional product candidates 

undertake the manufacturing or have manufactured our product candidates 

advance our programs into larger, more expensive clinical studies 

initiate additional nonclinical, clinical, or other studies for our product candidates 

 39 

commercialize and provide expanded access to Zokinvy for the treatment of Progeria and processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies 

identify and develop potential commercial opportunities, such as lonafarnib boosted with ritonavir, peginterferon lambda for HDV, and avexitide for HI and PBH 

seek regulatory and marketing approvals and reimbursement for our product candidates 

establish a sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval and market ourselves 

seek to identify, assess, acquire, and/or develop other product candidates 

make milestone, royalty or other payments under third-party license agreements 

develop and educate HDV markets 

seek to maintain, protect, and expand our intellectual property portfolio 

seek to attract and retain skilled personnel 

create additional infrastructure to support our operations as a public company and our product development and planned future commercialization efforts and 

experience any delays or encounter issues with the development and potential for regulatory approval of our clinical candidates such as safety issues, clinical trial accrual delays, longer follow-up for planned studies, additional major studies, or supportive studies necessary to support marketing approval. 

 Further, the net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a representative indication of our future performance. 
 Prior to 2021, we have never generated any product revenue and may never be profitable. 
 We have one product approved for commercialization in the U.S. for two ultra-rare diseases. Zokinvy to reduce the risk of mortality in Progeria, and for treatment of processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies with either heterozygous LMNA mutation with progerin-like protein accumulation, or homozygous or compound heterozygous ZMPSTE24 mutations, was approved by the FDA in November 2020 and launched commercially in the U.S. in January 2021. Our ability to generate substantial revenue and achieve profitability depends on our ability, alone or with strategic collaboration partners, to obtain the regulatory and marketing approvals necessary to commercialize Zokinvy in foreign jurisdictions and to successfully complete the development of, and obtain the regulatory and marketing approvals necessary to commercialize, more of our product candidates in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions. We do not anticipate generating significant product revenue for the foreseeable future. Our ability to generate future product revenue depends heavily on our success in many areas, including but not limited to: 

completing research and development of our product candidates 

obtaining additional and maintaining current regulatory and marketing approvals for our product candidates 

manufacturing product candidates and establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that meet regulatory requirements and our supply needs in sufficient quantities to meet market demand for our product candidates, if approved 

marketing, launching and commercializing product candidates for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval, either directly or with a collaborator or distributor 

gaining market acceptance of our product candidates as treatment options 

addressing any competing products 

 40 

protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, and know-how 

negotiating favorable terms in and maintaining any collaboration, licensing, or other arrangements into which we may enter 

obtaining reimbursement or pricing for our product candidates that supports profitability and 

attracting, hiring, and retaining qualified personnel. 

 Even if we obtain additional product approvals for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any approved product candidate. Our current pipeline of product candidates has been in-licensed from third parties and we will have to develop or acquire manufacturing capabilities in order to continue development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. Additionally, if we are not able to generate sufficient revenue from the sale of any approved products, we may never become profitable. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights. 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity, debt or other securities convertible into equity, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these new securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder such as the Loan and Security Agreement we entered into with Oxford Finance LLC (Oxford Finance) in December 2016 (the Oxford Loan). The Oxford Loan was a 25.0 million debt financing arrangement with Oxford Finance wherein we borrowed the first tranche of 15.0 million upon closing of the debt financing in December 2016. In May 2018, we entered into an amendment to the Oxford Loan and borrowed 5.0 million. In August 2018, we drew the final 5.0 million upon achievement of certain clinical milestones. In March 2019, we entered into the third amendment to the Oxford Loan to refinance our outstanding principal balance of 23.3 million. Upon refinancing, the Oxford Loan was increased to 35.0 million in aggregate commitments, of which 30.0 million in principal is outstanding. On February 23, 2021, we entered into the fifth amendment to the Oxford Loan. The amendment extended the interest only period by 17 months until September 1, 2022, followed by 19 equal monthly payments of principal and interest. On October 6, 2021, we entered into the sixth amendment to the Oxford Loan. As a result, the Amended Oxford Loan will bear interest at the LIBOR replacement rate which is the sum of the alternate benchmark rate and the LIBOR replacement spread. The Oxford Loan is secured by perfected first priority liens on our assets, excluding intellectual property but including a commitment by us to not allow any liens to be placed upon such intellectual property. The Oxford Loan includes customary events of default, including failure to pay amounts due, breaches of covenants and warranties, material adverse effect events, certain cross defaults and judgments, and insolvency. 
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates or future revenue streams or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. Our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by worsening global economic conditions and continuing disruptions to and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional funding if and when necessary to fund our entire portfolio of product candidates to meet our projected plans. If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, we may be required to delay or discontinue one or more of our development programs or the commercialization of any product candidates or be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on potential business opportunities, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Covenants in the Oxford Loan restrict our business and operations in many ways and if we do not effectively comply with our covenants, our financial conditions and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The Oxford Loan provides for up to 35.0 million in term loans due on March 1, 2024, of which 30.0 million in principal is outstanding as of December 31, 2021. All of our current and future assets, except for intellectual property, secure our borrowings under the Oxford Loan. The Oxford Loan requires that we comply with certain covenants applicable to us, including among other things, covenants restricting dispositions, changes in business, management, ownership or business locations, mergers or acquisitions, indebtedness, encumbrances, distributions, investments, transactions with affiliates and subordinated debt, any of which could restrict our business and operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take specified actions to take 
 41 

advantage of certain business opportunities that may be presented to us. Our failure to comply with any of the covenants could result in a default under the Oxford Loan, which could permit the lenders to declare all or part of any outstanding borrowings to be immediately due and payable. If we are unable to repay those amounts, the lenders under the Oxford Loan could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that debt, and our inability to use or dispose of those assets would seriously harm our business. In addition, should we be unable to comply with these covenants or if we default on any portion of our outstanding borrowings, the lenders can also impose a 5.0 penalty, restrict access to additional borrowings under the loan and security agreement, and accelerate the maturity of the debt. Any default under the Oxford Loan would materially affect our liquidity and ability to fund our operations and complete our planned clinical trials and regulatory filings would be substantially impaired. 
 If the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, is discontinued, interest payments under the Oxford Loan may be calculated using another reference rate. 
 In July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), which regulates LIBOR, announced that the FCA intended to phase out the use of LIBOR by the end of 2021. In addition, the FCA and certain U.S. regulators have stated that, despite expected publications of U.S. dollar LIBOR through June 30, 2023, no new contracts using U.S. dollar LIBOR should be entered into after December 31, 2021. In the United States, the U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, has recommended that U.S. dollar LIBOR be replaced by the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. LIBOR is used as a benchmark rate throughout the Oxford Loan. On October 6, 2021, we entered into the sixth amendment to the Oxford Loan (the Sixth Amendment) to replace the LIBOR benchmark rate with the LIBOR replacement rate upon a LIBOR transition event, as discussed more fully in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included within Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. While we do not currently expect the impact of this change to be material, there remains uncertainty regarding the future utilization of LIBOR and the nature of any replacement rate, including the LIBOR replacement rate under the Sixth Amendment, and any potential effects of the transition away from LIBOR on us are not fully known. The transition process may involve, among other things, increased volatility and illiquidity in markets for instruments that currently rely on LIBOR and may result in increased borrowing costs, the effectiveness of related transactions such as hedges, or uncertainty under applicable documentation, including the Oxford Loan. As a result, our ability to refinance our credit agreement or other indebtedness or to hedge our exposure to floating rate instruments may be impaired, which would adversely affect the operations of our business. 
 Risks Related to the Development of our Product Candidates 
 We are dependent on the success of our product candidates, which are in various stages of clinical development. Certain of our product candidates have produced results in academic settings to date or for other indications than those that we contemplate, and we cannot give any assurance that we will generate data for any of our product candidates sufficient to receive regulatory approval in our planned indications, which will be required before they can be commercialized. 
 To date, we have invested substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to identify, acquire, and develop our portfolio of product candidates. Our future success is dependent on our ability to further develop, obtain regulatory approvals for, and commercialize one or more of these product candidates. Our NDA for Zokinvy to reduce the risk of mortality in Progeria, and for treatment of processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies with either heterozygous LMNA mutation with progerin-like protein accumulation, or homozygous or compound heterozygous ZMPSTE24 mutations, was approved in November 2020. Our MAA is currently under standard review with the EMA and we have received feedback from the CHMP with respect to our pending MAA requesting additional information relating to the demonstration of efficacy for Zokinvy. While we are working closely with the CHMP to address this feedback, we cannot be certain of the timing or outcome of such interactions. In addition, if the EMA rejects our MAA or we decide to withdraw our application, we may no longer be eligible for reimbursement in France for the use of Zokinvy under the Autorisation Temporaire d'Utilisation (ATU) program. Prior to the U.S. Zokinvy commercial launch in 2021, we had not generated revenue from sales of any drugs and may never be able to develop or commercialize additional product candidates. In addition, we have a commitment to provide access to Zokinvy for patients with Progeria and processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies with either heterozygous LMNA 
 42 

mutation with progerin -like protein accumulation, or homozygous or compound heterozygous ZMPSTE24 mutations, for no or minimal cost to those pati e nts. 
 With respect to potential commercial products, we currently have three product candidates that are in Phase 3 clinical development, lonafarnib for HDV, lambda for HDV, and lambda for COVID-29 through an investigator sponsored study, and two development programs focused on two separate indications that have we believe have completed Phase 2 and are advancing towards Phase 3, avexitide for HI and PBH. It may be years before our studies are initiated and completed, if at all. 
 We provide our geographically diverse clinical sites with good clinical practice protocols. We review and monitor the execution of our protocols at our various sites in an effort to understand those protocols are being followed. There can be no assurance that the data we develop for our product candidates in our planned indications will be sufficient or complete enough to obtain regulatory approval. 

We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such regulatory approval for any of our current product candidates. We cannot be certain that any of our product candidates will be successful in clinical studies or receive regulatory approval. Further, our product candidates may not receive regulatory approval even if they are successful in clinical studies. If we do not receive regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we may not be able to continue our operations. 

 We may not be able to obtain FDA approval of any future NDA or BLA for our product candidates. 
 The clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion, export, import, marketing and distribution and other possible activities relating to lonafarnib, peginterferon lambda, avexitide and any other product candidate that we may develop in the future are subject to extensive regulation in the United States. Prior to the approval of our NDA for Zokinvy to reduce the risk of mortality in Progeria, and for treatment of processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies with either heterozygous LMNA mutation with progerin-like protein accumulation, or homozygous or compound heterozygous ZMPSTE24 mutations, we had not submitted an application for approval or obtained FDA approval for any product. 
 Approval of an NDA or a BLA is not guaranteed, and the approval process is an expensive and uncertain process that may take several years. The FDA and foreign regulatory entities also have substantial discretion in the approval process. The number and types of preclinical studies and clinical trials that will be required for approval varies depending on the product candidate, the disease or the condition that the product candidate is designed to target and the regulations applicable to any particular product candidate. Data are subject to varying interpretation and the FDA may not agree that our clinical data support that any of our product candidates are safe and effective for the proposed therapeutic use. Despite the time and expense associated with preclinical studies and clinical trials, failure can occur at any stage, and we could encounter problems that require us to repeat or perform additional preclinical studies or clinical trials or generate additional chemistry, manufacturing and controls data, including drug product stability data. In previous studies, ECG abnormalities were observed in our lonafarnib program. We do not expect that this will impact the conduct of the D-LIVR HDV study. The FDA and similar foreign authorities could delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate, and may ultimately approve the product for narrower indications or with unfavorable labeling that would impede our commercialization of the drug. 
 Approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods, including obtaining reimbursement and pricing approval in select markets. The time required to obtain approval in other countries might differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process in other countries may include all of the risks associated with FDA approval as well as additional, presently unanticipated, risks. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may negatively impact the regulatory process in others, including the risk that our product candidates may not be approved for all indications requested and that such approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed. 
 43 

Our business strategy is based upon obtaining and maintaining Orphan Drug designation for our product candidates, which is an uncertain process. The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we are unable to obtain Orphan Drug designation or regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business would be substantially harmed. 
 Our approach to identifying and developing product candidates depends, in large part, on our ability to obtain and maintain Orphan Drug designation from regulatory authorities in major markets. Without the potential protection of this regulatory exclusivity upon approval, many of our product candidates would otherwise not justify investment. While we assess the potential for obtaining Orphan Drug designation at the time that we contemplate the acquisition of product candidates and we intend to timely file for such designation, there can be no assurance that we will obtain Orphan Drug designation or be able to successfully meet the regulatory requirements to maintain that designation with the planned clinical trials for our product candidates. Failure to obtain and maintain Orphan Drug designation would make our product candidates significantly less competitive and potentially not viable investments for further development. Although we currently have Orphan Drug designation for some of our product candidates in multiple targeted indications, failure to demonstrate significant benefit over existing approved drugs in pivotal clinical trials may lead to marketing approval but without qualifying for Orphan Drug protection in some regions, such as in Europe. 
 The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable, typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical studies and depends upon numerous factors. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions, which may cause delays in the approval or the decision not to approve an application. We have obtained U.S. regulatory approval for one product, Zokinvy, and it is possible that none of our current product candidates or any future product candidates we may seek to develop will ever obtain regulatory approval. 
 Future applications for our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including but not limited to the following: 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design, size or implementation of our clinical studies 

the population studied in the clinical program may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure safety in the full population for which we seek approval 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from our development efforts 

the data collected from clinical studies of our product candidates may not be sufficient or complete or meet the regulatory requirements to support the submission of an NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or foreign jurisdictions 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may find failures in our manufacturing processes, validation procedures and specifications, or facilities of our third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies that may delay or limit our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates and 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our NDA or other submission insufficient for approval. 

 The lengthy and uncertain regulatory approval process, as well as the unpredictability of the results of clinical studies, may result in our failing to obtain additional regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates or to be significantly delayed from our expectations for potential approval, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations, and prospects. In addition, although we have obtained Orphan Drug designation for five of our development programs to date, there can be no assurance that the FDA will grant our similar status for our other proposed development indications or other product candidates in the future. 
 
 44 

Although the FDA has granted Rare Pediatric Disease Designation to avexitide for the treatment of congenital hyperinsulinism, NDA approval for this program may not meet the eligibility criteria for a priority review voucher. 
 
 Our avexitide compound has received Rare Pediatric Disease (RPD) designation from the FDA for the treatment of Congenital Hyperinsulinism (HI). The FDA defines a rare pediatric disease as a serious or life-threatening disease in which the serious or life-threatening manifestations primarily affect patients under the age of 18 years, that is, a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States when there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available the drug in the United States will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biological product. Specifically, under this program, a sponsor who receives an approval for a drug or biologic for a rare pediatric disease may qualify for a voucher that can be redeemed to receive a priority review of a subsequent marketing application for a different product. The sponsor of a rare pediatric disease drug product receiving a priority review voucher may transfer (including by sale) the voucher to another sponsor. The voucher may be further transferred any number of times before the voucher is used, as long as the sponsor making the transfer has not yet submitted the application. The FDA may also revoke any priority review voucher if the rare pediatric disease drug for which the voucher was awarded is not marketed in the U.S. within one year following the date of approval. In addition, the priority review voucher is only awarded to an NCE, thus if a compound is approved first for an indication that is not a rare pediatric disease the compound may not be eligible to receive the voucher. While we obtained and sold the priority review voucher issued upon approval of Zokinvy to reduce the risk of mortality in Progeria, and for treatment of processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies with either heterozygous LMNA mutation with progerin-like protein accumulation, or homozygous or compound heterozygous ZMPSTE24 mutations, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining approval for avexitide for the treatment of HI, or that a priority review voucher will be issued at the time of any such approval. 
 
 Congress has only authorized the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program until September 30, 2024. However, if a drug candidate receives RPD designation before September 30, 2024, it is eligible to receive a voucher if it is approved before September 30, 2026. Avexitide may not be approved by that date, or at all, and, therefore, we may not be in a position to obtain a priority review voucher prior to expiration of the program, unless Congress further reauthorizes the program. 
 There is no assurance we will receive a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher. Also, although priority review vouchers may be sold or transferred to third parties, there is no guarantee that we will be able to realize any value if we were to sell a priority review voucher. 
 Although we have received Breakthrough Therapy Designations, this may not lead to a faster development, regulatory review or approval process, and it does not increase the likelihood of receiving marketing approval in the United States. 
 
 We have received Breakthrough Therapy Designation for lonafarnib and peginterferon lambda for the treatment of HDV, and for avexitide for the treatment of HI and PBH. A Breakthrough Therapy is defined as a therapy that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other therapies, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the therapy may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For therapies that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Therapies designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA may also be eligible for priority review and accelerated approval. 
 
 Designation as a breakthrough therapy is within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe one of our product candidates meets the criteria for designation as a breakthrough therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. The Breakthrough Therapy Designations we have obtained may not result in faster development processes, reviews or approvals compared to therapies considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, the FDA may later decide that any of our development programs no longer meet the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. In addition, even if one or more of our product candidates 
 45 

qualify as breakthrough therapies, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification. Thus, even though we intend to seek Breakthrough Therapy Designation for and some or all of our future product candidates for the treatment of various cancers, there can be no assurance that we will receive any such Breakthrough Therapy Designation . 
 We may submit an NDA or BLA for our product candidates under the Accelerated Approval Pathway. If we are unable to obtain approval of our drug candidates through the Accelerated Approval Program in the United States, we may be required to conduct additional nonclinical and clinical studies and trials beyond those that we currently contemplate, which could increase the expense of obtaining, reduce the likelihood of obtaining and/or delay the timing of obtaining, necessary marketing approval. Even if we receive approval from the FDA through the Accelerated Approval Program, if any required confirmatory post-marketing trial does not verify clinical benefit, or if we do not comply with rigorous post-marketing requirements, the FDA may seek to withdraw the approval. 
 We may seek approval under the Accelerated Approval pathway for our lonafarnib and peginterferon lambda products for the treatment of HDV. For any approval to market a product, we must provide the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies with clinical data that adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product for the indication applied for in the NDA, BLA, or other respective regulatory filings. The Accelerated Approval Program is one of several approaches used by the FDA to make prescription drugs and biologics more rapidly available for the treatment of serious or life-threatening diseases. Section 506(c) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) provides that the FDA may grant accelerated approval to a product for a serious or life-threatening condition upon a determination that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Approval through the Accelerated Approval Program is typically subject, however, to the requirement that the applicant conduct additional post-marketing clinical trials to verify and describe the product s clinical benefit. Typically, clinical benefit is verified when post-marketing clinical trials show that the product provides a clinically meaningful positive therapeutic effect, that is, an effect on how a patient feels, functions, or survives. If such confirmatory post-marketing trial fails to confirm the product s clinical profile or risks and benefits, the FDA may withdraw its approval of the product. 
 The FDA has broad discretion with regard to approval through the Accelerated Approval Program, and even if we believe that the Accelerated Approval Program is appropriate for our product candidates, we cannot assure you that the FDA will ultimately agree. Furthermore, even if we do obtain approval through the Accelerated Approval Program, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. 
 Our lonafarnib and peginterferon lambda products for the treatment of HDV are in Phase 3 studies with endpoints intended to support accelerated approval. The primary endpoint for the D-LIVR study, the Phase 3 study of lonafarnib, is a composite of a 2 log reduction in HDV RNA and ALT normalization and is intended to support accelerated approval. The primary endpoint for the LIMT-2 study, the Phase 3 study of peginterferon lambda, is a DVR at 24 weeks post-treatment and is intended to support accelerated approval for finite therapy. The study endpoints were previously achieved in Phase 2 studies and are consistent with FDA guidance on the development of treatments for HDV. While these proposed endpoints are designed to be consistent with FDA guidance, there is no assurance that approval will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. FDA may disagree that the design of, or results from, our studies support accelerated approval. Additionally, the FDA could require us to conduct further studies or trials prior to granting approval of any type, including by determining that approval through the Accelerated Approval Program is not appropriate and that our clinical trials may not be used to support approval through the conventional pathway. We might not be able to fulfill the FDA s requirements in a timely manner, which would cause delays, or approval might not be granted because our submission is deemed incomplete by the FDA. There also can be no assurance that after subsequent FDA feedback we will continue to pursue approval through the Accelerated Approval Program. A failure to obtain approval through the Accelerated Approval Program could result in a longer time period to obtain approval of our product candidates, could increase the cost of their development, could delay our ability to commercialize our products and could significantly harm our financial position and competitive position in the marketplace. 
 46 

Even if we receive approval for one or more of our product candidates through the Accelerated Approval Program, we will be subject to rigorous post - marketing requirements, possibly including the completion of one or more confirmatory post - marketing trials as the FDA may require, to verify the clinical benefit of the product, and submission to the FDA of all promotional materials prior to their dissemination. The FDA could seek to withdraw the approval for multiple reasons, including if we fail to conduct any required confirmatory post - marketing trial with due diligence, our confirmatory post - marketing trial does not confirm the predicted clinical benefit, other evidence shows that the product is not safe or effective under the conditions of use, or we disseminate promotional materials that are found by the FDA to be false and misleading. 
 Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, approval through the Accelerated Approval Program would delay or prevent commercialization of our products, and would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects 
 Drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies may not be predictive of future study results. 
 Clinical testing is expensive and generally takes many years to complete, and the outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical study process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical studies of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of larger, later-stage controlled clinical studies. Product candidates that have shown promising results in early-stage clinical studies may still suffer significant setbacks in subsequent clinical studies. Our clinical studies to date have been conducted on a small number of patients in limited numbers of clinical sites and in academic settings or for other indications. We will have to conduct larger, well-controlled studies in our proposed indications to verify the results obtained to date and to support any regulatory submissions for further clinical development. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical studies due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles despite promising results in earlier, smaller clinical studies. Moreover, clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses. We do not know whether any Phase 2, Phase 3, or other clinical studies we have conducted or may conduct will demonstrate consistent or adequate efficacy and safety with respect to the proposed indication for use sufficient to obtain regulatory approval to receive regulatory approval or market our drug candidates. For example, in 2018 we announced negative results from two of our Phase 2 clinical trials of ubenimex in two different indications and as a result we have terminated further development of ubenimex. 
 We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical studies given the limited number of patients who have the diseases for which our product candidates are being studied. Difficulty in enrolling patients could delay or prevent clinical studies of our product candidates. 
 Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in clinical studies of our product candidates is essential to our success. The timing of our clinical studies depends in part on the rate at which we can recruit patients to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates, and we may experience delays in our clinical studies if we encounter difficulties in enrollment. 
 The eligibility criteria of our planned clinical studies may further limit the available eligible study participants as we expect to require that patients have specific characteristics that we can measure or meet the criteria to assure their conditions are appropriate for inclusion in our clinical studies. We may not be able to identify, recruit, and enroll a sufficient number of patients to complete our clinical studies in a timely manner because of the perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study, the availability and efficacy of competing therapies and clinical studies, and the willingness of physicians to participate in our planned clinical studies. Additionally, we may experience delays in patient enrollment in our clinical trials as a result of the evolving COVID-19 global pandemic and competition for patients at our European clinical trial sites due to the conditional approval of Hepcludex in Europe. For example, early in the pandemic, certain clinical study sites that were scheduled to open were delayed in activating and other sites suspended randomization of subjects for a period of time. Future pandemic restrictions could result in delays of our clinical trials, including D-LIVR and LIMT-2. If patients are unwilling to participate in our clinical studies for any reason, the timeline for conducting studies and obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates may be delayed 
 47 

If we experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical study of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of our product candidates could be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue from any of these product candidates could be delayed or prevented. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical studies would likely increase our overall costs, impair product candidate development and jeopardize our ability to obtain regulatory approval relative to our current plans. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition, and prospects significantly. 
 Clinical studies are costly, time consuming and inherently risky, and we may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. 
 Clinical development is expensive, time consuming and involves significant risk. We cannot guarantee that any clinical studies will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical studies can occur at any stage of development. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include but are not limited to: 

inability to generate satisfactory preclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data or diagnostics to support the initiation or continuation of clinical studies necessary for product approval 

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with contract research organizations (CROs) and clinical study sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical study sites 

delays in obtaining required Institutional Review Board (IRB) approval at each clinical study site 

failure to permit the conduct of a study by regulatory authorities, after review of an investigational new drug (IND) or equivalent foreign application or amendment 

delays in recruiting qualified patients, or patients dropping out of, in our clinical studies, including as a result of the evolving COVID-19 global pandemic 

feasibility of continuous trial execution in countries impacted by war, geopolitical conflict and other humanitarian crises 

failure by clinical sites or our CROs or other third parties to adhere to clinical study requirements or report complete findings 

failure to perform the clinical studies in accordance with the FDA s good clinical practice (GCP) requirements, or applicable foreign regulatory guidelines 

occurrence of adverse events associated with our product candidates 

changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols 

the cost of clinical studies of our product candidates 

negative or inconclusive results from our clinical trials which may result in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical studies or abandon development programs in other ongoing or planned indications for a product candidate and 

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with third-party manufacturers and the time for manufacture of sufficient quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical studies. 

 Any inability to successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenue. Clinical study delays could also shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow competitors to develop and bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to obtain Orphan Drug designation exclusivity and to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 
 48 

We may not receive an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) from FDA for the use of lambda in COVID-19. 
 If we do not receive an EUA from FDA, we will not be able to commercialize lambda in COVID-19 and may be required to conduct additional clinical trials for an EUA. Obtaining such an authorization is dependent upon a number of factors, which are not under our control . For example, the TOGETHER study an investigator sponsored study conducted within a single country, Brazil. FDA may require a company-sponsored study with data from additional patient populations. 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 
 Our lonafarnib product candidate has been studied in thousands of oncology patients and the most common non-hematologic adverse events of any grade were gastrointestinal system disorders (nausea, anorexia, diarrhea and vomiting), weight loss, fatigue and rash. Use of Zokinvy to reduce the risk of mortality in Progeria, and for treatment of processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies with either heterozygous LMNA mutation with progerin-like protein accumulation, or homozygous or compound heterozygous ZMPSTE24 mutations, has been reported to cause ECG abnormalities, but these ECG abnormalities have not resulted in a risk of mortality for these patients. There is no guarantee that additional or more severe side effects or other properties will not be identified through ongoing clinical studies by other uses of lonafarnib for other indications or our own clinical trials. Our peginterferon lambda product candidate is well-characterized and has been studied in thousands of HBV and HCV patients and the most common adverse events seen are moderate headache, pyrexia, fatigue, and myalgia. ALT flares that were seen result from vigorous antiviral immunological response to treatment, not due to direct hepatotoxicity. There is no guarantee that additional or more severe side effects will not be identified through ongoing clinical studies for other uses of peginterferon lambda. Undesirable side effects, other properties, and negative results for other indications may negatively impact the development and potential for approval of our product candidates for our proposed indications. For example, the ECG abnormalities seen with lonafarnib in HGPS and PL patients has the potential to impact the labeling for lonafarnib combined with ritonavir for HDV. Our avexitide product candidate has been studied in 39 HI patients and 54 PBH patients and the most common adverse events are injection site bruising, nausea, and headache. There is no guarantee that additional or more severe side effects will not be identified through ongoing clinical studies for other uses of avexitide in clinical trials. 
 Additionally, even if one or more of our current product candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others later may identify undesirable side effects caused by such products, potentially significant negative consequences could result, including but not limited to: 

regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals of such products 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label 

we may be required to create a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) plan, which could include a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients, a communication plan for healthcare providers, and/or other elements to assure safe use 

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients and 

our reputation may suffer. 

 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of a product candidate, even if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We are subject to ongoing regulatory requirements related to the U.S. approval of Zokinvy, and if we obtain additional regulatory approvals for a product candidate, we will be subject to additional ongoing regulatory requirements. 
 If our product candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements with respect to manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post- 
 49 

marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy and other post-approval information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to continuously comply with FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) regulations and corresponding foreign regulatory manufacturing requirements. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any NDA, BLA, or MAA. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product candidate may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. We will be required to report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 Any new legislation addressing drug safety issues could result in delays in product development or commercialization, or increased costs to assure compliance. If our original marketing approval for a product candidate was obtained through an accelerated approval pathway, we could be required to conduct a successful post-marketing clinical study to confirm the clinical benefit for our products. An unsuccessful post-marketing study or failure to complete such a study could result in the withdrawal of marketing approval. 
 If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing, or labeling of a product, the regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency or enforcement authority may, among other things: 

issue warning letters 

impose civil or criminal penalties 

suspend or withdraw regulatory approval 

suspend any of our ongoing clinical studies 

refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us 

impose restrictions on our operations, including closing our contract manufacturers facilities or 

require a product recall. 

 In addition, prescription drugs may be promoted only for the approved indications in accordance with the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label may be subject to significant liability. However, physicians may, in their independent medical judgment, prescribe legally available products for off-label uses. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments, but the FDA does restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. 
 Any government investigation of alleged violations of law would be expected to require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate adverse publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our products and the value of us and our operating results would be adversely affected. 
 We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical studies, manufacture our product candidates and perform other services. If these third parties do not successfully perform and comply with regulatory requirements, we may not 
 50 

be able to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approval or commercialize our product candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. 
 We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon investigators and third-party CROs to conduct, monitor and manage our ongoing clinical programs. We rely on these parties for execution of clinical studies and manage and control only certain aspects of their activities. We remain responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory, and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We, our investigators, and our CROs and other vendors are required to comply all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines, including those required by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for all of our product candidates in clinical development. If we or any of our investigators, CROs or vendors fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations and guidelines, the results generated in our clinical studies may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional studies before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that our CROs and other vendors will meet these requirements, or that upon inspection by any regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that efforts, including any of our clinical studies, comply with applicable requirements. Our failure to comply with these laws, regulations and guidelines may require us to repeat clinical studies or conduct larger additional studies, which would be costly and delay the regulatory approval process. 
 If any of our relationships with investigators or third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs in a timely manner or do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs may not prioritize our clinical studies relative to those of other customers and any turnover in personnel or delays in the allocation of CRO employees by the CRO may negatively affect our clinical studies. If investigators or CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, our clinical studies may be delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to meet our current plans with respect to our product candidates. CROs may also involve higher costs than anticipated, which could negatively affect our financial condition and operations. 
 In addition, we do not currently have, nor do we plan to establish, the capability to manufacture product candidates for use in the conduct of our clinical studies or in support of our commercialization of potential products, and we lack the resources and the capability to manufacture any of our product candidates on a clinical or commercial scale without the use of third-party manufacturers. We plan to rely on third-party manufacturers and their responsibilities will include purchasing from third-party suppliers the materials necessary to produce our product candidates for our clinical studies and regulatory approval. There are expected to be a limited number of suppliers for the active ingredients and other materials that we expect to use to manufacture our product candidates, and we may not be able to identify alternative suppliers to prevent a possible disruption of the manufacture of our product candidates for our clinical studies, and, if approved, ultimately for commercial sale. Although we generally do not expect to begin a clinical study unless we believe we have a sufficient supply of a product candidate to complete the study, any significant delay or discontinuity in the supply of a product candidate, or the active ingredient or other material components in the manufacture of the product candidate, could delay completion of our clinical studies and potential timing for regulatory approval of our product candidates, which would harm our business and results of operations. 
 With respect to our lonafarnib program, we procured an inventory of product from Merck to supply our initial clinical study needs. In 2016, we transferred the manufacturing of drug substance and drug product to our third-party contractors. The material used for lonafarnib HDV pivotal trials, ongoing Progeria clinical studies and expanded access program, and commercial Zokinvy supply are sourced from Eiger-controlled CMOs. These same vendors are currently under development for commercial qualification. Materials used for our avexitide clinical trials are also sourced from CMOs. Our vendors have successfully made GMP batches for our clinical studies. If these CMOs are not able to provide us with sufficient quantities of drug substance and drug product for our clinical trials or in support of our commercialization of potential products on a timely basis, or at all, whether due to production shortages or other supply interruptions resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, our clinical trials or regulatory approval may be delayed, or could impair our ability to generate revenue from the sale of such product candidate . 
 51 

We rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties to manufacture our clinical product supplies, and if those third parties fail to obtain approval of government regulators, fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of drug product, or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices our product candidates could be stopped, delayed, or made less profitable. 
 We do not currently have nor do we plan to acquire the infrastructure or capability internally to manufacture our clinical supplies for use in the conduct of our clinical trials, and we lack the resources and the capability to manufacture any of our product candidates on a clinical or commercial scale. We currently rely on outside vendors to source raw materials and manufacture our clinical supplies of our product candidates and plan to continue relying on third parties to manufacture our product candidates on a commercial scale, if approved. 
 The facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates will be subject to pre-approval inspection by the FDA that will be conducted after we submit our marketing applications to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with the regulatory requirements, known as cGMPs, for manufacture of our product candidates. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or others, our MAA for Zokinvy for treatment of Progeria and processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies and future applications may not be approved by regulatory authorities, which would significantly delay our commercialization plans and increase our costs. We have no control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. 
 We do not yet have sufficient information to reliably estimate the cost of the commercial manufacturing of our product candidates, and the actual cost to manufacture our product candidates could materially and adversely affect the commercial viability of our product candidates. As a result, we may not be able to develop additional commercially viable products. 
 In addition, our reliance on third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following additional risks: 

We may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all 

Our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely formulate and manufacture our product or produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any 

Contract manufacturers may not be able to execute our manufacturing procedures appropriately 

Our future contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store and distribute our products 

Manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards 

We may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our product candidates and 

Our third-party manufacturers could breach or terminate their agreement with us. 

 Each of these risks could delay our clinical trials, the approval of any of our product candidates by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities or the commercialization of our product candidates or result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenue. In addition, we rely on third parties to perform release testing on our product candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not conducted appropriately and test data is not reliable, patients could be put at risk of serious harm and could result in product liability suits. 
 52 

The manufacturing of medical products is complex and requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of biologic products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up and validating initial production and absence of contamination. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product, quality assurance testing, operator error, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. Furthermore, if contaminants are discovered in our supply of our product candidates or in the manufacturing facilities, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability or other issues relating to the manufacture of our product candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with their contractual obligations, our ability to provide our product candidates to patients in clinical trials would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to commence new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials completely. 
 If the market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we believe they are, we may not meet our revenue expectations and, even assuming approval of a product candidate, our business may suffer. Because the patient populations in the market for our product candidates may be small, we must be able to successfully identify patients and acquire a significant market share to achieve profitability and growth. 
 We focus our product development principally on treatments for rare and ultra-rare diseases. Given the small number of patients who have the diseases that we are targeting, our eligible patient population and pricing estimates may differ significantly from the actual market addressable by our product candidate. Our projections of both the number of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including the scientific literature, patient foundations, or market research, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. For example, for lonafarnib and peginterferon lambda, HDV is associated with hepatitis B virus infection, which is a pre-requisite for the replication of HDV. Although we believe that the data are supportive of antiviral activity against HDV, there can be no assurance that our clinical trials will successfully address this condition. Likewise, the potentially addressable patient population for each of our product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates, and new patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to, which would adversely affect our results of operations and our business. Moreover, we expect that the sales of Zokinvy to patients with Progeria, or processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies with either heterozygous LMNA mutation with progerin-like protein accumulation, or homozygous or compound heterozygous ZMPSTE24 mutations, will have limited profits given the ultra-rare nature of these diseases. 
 We face intense competition and rapid technological change and the possibility that our competitors may develop therapies that are similar, more advanced, or more effective than ours, which may adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. We are currently aware of various existing therapies that may compete with our product candidates. For example, we have competitors both in the United States and internationally, including multinational pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies. Some of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies we expect to compete with include Gilead Sciences, Merck, Roche, Holding, Actelion Pharmaceuticals US, Johnson & Johnson, Replicor, Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Novartis International, Zealand Pharmaceuticals, Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Rezolute, Hanmi Pharmaceutical, and Crinetics Pharmaceuticals as well as other smaller companies or biotechnology startups and large multinational pharmaceutical companies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations. Additional mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. As a result, these companies may obtain regulatory 
 53 

approval more rapidly than we are able to and may be more effective in selling and marketing their products as well. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring, or licensing on an exclusive basis, products that are more effective or less costly than any product candidate that we may develop, or achieve earlier patent protection, regulatory approval, product commercialization, and market penetration than we do. Additionally, technologies developed by our competitors may render our potential product candidates uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in marketing our product candidates against competitors. 
 Although we commercially launched Zokinvy following its FDA approval, we have limited marketing and sales experience. If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, we may be unable to generate any revenue. 
 Although certain of our employees may have marketed, launched and sold other pharmaceutical products in the past while employed at other companies, we have limited recent experience selling and marketing our product candidates and we currently have a small sales and marketing organization. To successfully commercialize Zokinvy and additional products that may result from our development programs, we will need to invest in and expand these capabilities, either on our own or with others, which would be expensive, difficult and time consuming. Any failure or delay in the timely development of our internal commercialization capabilities could adversely impact the potential for success of our products. 
 Further, given our recent, limited experience in marketing and selling biopharmaceutical products, we may rely on future collaborators to commercialize our products. If collaborators do not commit sufficient resources to commercialize our future products and we are unable to develop the necessary marketing and sales capabilities on our own, we will be unable to generate sufficient product revenue to sustain or grow our business. We may be competing with companies that currently have extensive and well-funded marketing and sales operations, in particular in the markets our product candidates are intended to address. Without appropriate capabilities, whether directly or through third-party collaborators, we may be unable to compete successfully against these more established companies. In addition, we have established an expanded access program in order to make Zokinvy available for patients with Progeria and processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies, which requires additional resources and costs to support. 
 The commercial success of any of our current or future product candidates will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and others in the medical community. 
 Even with the approvals from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, the commercial success of our products will depend in part on the health care providers, patients, and third-party payors accepting our product candidates as medically useful, cost-effective, and safe. Any product that we bring to the market may not gain market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and other health care providers. The degree of market acceptance of any of our products will depend on a number of factors, including without limitation: 

the timing of our receipt of any marketing and commercialization licensures 

the terms of any licensures and the countries in which licensures are obtained 

the efficacy of the product as demonstrated in clinical studies and potential advantages over competing treatments 

the prevalence and severity of the disease and any side effects 

the clinical indications for which approval is granted, including any limitations or warnings contained in a product s approved labeling 

the convenience and ease of administration 

the cost of treatment 

the willingness of the patients and physicians to accept these therapies or any new methods of administration 

the marketing, sales and distribution support for the product 

 54 

the publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments 

the success of our physician education programs 

availability of alternative effective treatments for the disease indications our product candidates are intended to treat and the relative risks, benefits and costs of those treatments and 

the pricing and availability of third-party insurance coverage and reimbursement. 

 Even if a product displays a favorable efficacy and safety profile upon approval, market acceptance of the product remains uncertain. Efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of the products may require significant investment and resources and may never be successful. If our products fail to achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and other health care providers, we will not be able to generate sufficient revenue to become or remain profitable. 
 Failure to obtain or maintain adequate reimbursement or insurance coverage for new or current products could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 
 The pricing, coverage and reimbursement of our products must be sufficient to support our commercial efforts and other development programs and the availability and adequacy of coverage and reimbursement by governmental and private payors are essential for most patients to be able to afford expensive treatments, particularly in Orphan Drug designated indications where the eligible patient population is small. Sales of our products will depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of our product candidates will be paid for or reimbursed by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or government authorities, private health insurers, and other third-party payors. If coverage and reimbursement are not available, or are available only in limited amounts, we may have to subsidize or provide products for free or we may not be able to successfully commercialize our products. For example, Zokinvy for patients with Progeria and processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies provided under an expanded access program may not result in reimbursement. 
 In addition, there is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement for newly approved products. In the United States, the principal decisions about coverage and reimbursement for new drugs are typically made by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), as CMS decides whether and to what extent a new drug will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare. Private payors tend to follow the coverage reimbursement policies established by CMS to a substantial degree. It is difficult to predict what CMS will decide with respect to reimbursement for products such as ours and what reimbursement codes our products may receive. 
 The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a drug product typically is separate from the process for setting the price of a drug product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the drug product once coverage is approved. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover Zokinvy or any of our product candidates once approved could reduce physician utilization of such products and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. Additionally, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. One third-party payor s decision to cover a particular medical product or service does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product or service or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. As a result, the coverage determination process will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately and will be a time-consuming process. 
 55 

Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of drug products and medical services, in addition to questioning safety and efficacy. If these third-party payors do not consider our products to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover our products after FDA approval or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our products at a profit. Additionally, c overage policies and third party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Therefore, e ven if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more of our products, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient third party coverage and adequate reimbursement, the commercial success of our products may be greatly hindered and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Outside the United States, international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other price-restrictive regulations, and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe, Canada, and other countries has and will continue to put pressure on the pricing and usage of products. In many countries, the prices of products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. Price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our products. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the potential revenue may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenue and profits. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to limit or reduce healthcare costs may result in restrictions on coverage and the level of reimbursement for new products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our products. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with products due to the increasing trend toward managed healthcare, including the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has and is expected to continue to increase in the future. As a result, profitability of our products may be more difficult to achieve even if they receive regulatory approval. 
 We intend to rely on a combination of exclusivity from Orphan Drug designation as well as patent rights for our product candidates and any future product candidates. If we are unable to obtain or maintain exclusivity from the combination of these approaches, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. 
 Our business strategy is to focus on product candidates for which Orphan Drug designation may be obtained in the major markets of the world. In addition, we rely or will rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection, and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our technologies and product candidates. For example, the portfolio of patents licensed from Merck expires before the anticipated launch date of lonafarnib. Our success depends in large part on our and our licensors ability to obtain regulatory exclusivity and maintain patent and other intellectual property protection in the United States and in other countries with respect to our proprietary technology and products. 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product as an Orphan Drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. In the European Union (the EU), the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP) grants Orphan Drug designation to promote the development of products that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition affecting not more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU. Additionally, designation is granted for products intended for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition when, without incentives, it is unlikely that sales of the drug in the EU would be sufficient to justify the necessary investment in developing the drug or biological product or where there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment, or, if such a method exists, the medicine must be of significant benefit to those affected by the condition. 
 56 

In the United States, Orphan Drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages, and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product receives the first FDA approval for the indication for which it has Orphan Drug designation, the product is entitled to Orphan Drug exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other application to market the same drug for the same indication for a period of seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the product with orphan exclusivity or where the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient product quantity. In the EU, Orphan Drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and ten years of market exclusivity following drug or biological product approval. This period may be reduced to six years if the Orphan Drug designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. 
 Because the extent and scope of patent protection for our products may in some cases be limited, Orphan Drug designation is especially important for our products for which Orphan Drug designation may be available. For eligible drugs, we plan to rely on the exclusivity period under the Orphan Drug Act to maintain a competitive position. If we do not obtain Orphan Drug exclusivity for our drug products and biologic products that do not have broad patent protection, our competitors may then sell the same drug to treat the same condition sooner than if we had obtained Orphan Drug exclusivity and our revenue will be reduced. 
 Even though we have Orphan Drug designations for each of our development programs in the United States and Europe, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for any particular orphan indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products. Further, even if we obtain Orphan Drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties can be approved for the same condition. Even after an Orphan Drug is approved, the FDA or EMA can subsequently approve the same drug with the same active moiety for the same condition if the FDA or EMA concludes that the later drug is safer, more effective, or makes a major contribution to patient care. Orphan Drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a product candidate nor gives the product candidate any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. 
 We have sought to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our product candidates that are important to our business. This process is expensive and time consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions for which legal principles remain unsolved. The patent applications that we own or in-licensed may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates in the United States or in other foreign countries. There is no assurance that all potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found, which can invalidate a patent or prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application. Even if patents do successfully issue, and even if such patents cover our product candidates, third parties may challenge their validity, enforceability, or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowed, found unenforceable or invalidated. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property, provide exclusivity for our product candidates, or prevent others from designing around our claims. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We, independently or together with our licensors, have filed several patent applications covering various aspects of our product candidates. We cannot offer any assurances about which, if any, patents will issue, the breadth of any such patent or whether any issued patents will be found invalid and unenforceable or will be threatened by third parties. Any successful opposition to these patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us after patent issuance could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful commercialization of any product candidates that we may develop. Further, if we encounter delays in regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market a product candidate under patent protection could be reduced. 
 Although we have licensed a number of patents covering methods of use and certain compositions of matter, we do not have complete patent protection for our product candidates. For example, the patent coverage for the lonafarnib 
 57 

composition of matter expires before the anticipated launch date. Likewise, most of the patents or applications covering products that we have licensed in from Stanford have limited protection outside of the United States. Therefore, a competitor could develop the same or similar product that may compete with our product candidate. 
 Certain of our product licenses are limited to specified indications or therapeutic areas which may result in the same compound being developed and commercialized by a third party whom we have no control over or rights against. This may result in safety data, pricing or off label uses from that third party s product that may negatively affect the development and commercialization of our product candidates. If we cannot obtain and maintain effective protection of exclusivity from our regulatory efforts and intellectual property rights, including patent protection, for our product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our business and results of operations would be harmed. 
 We may not have sufficient patent term protections for our products to effectively protect our business. 
 Patents have a limited term. In the United States, the statutory expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after it is filed. Although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product, we may be open to competition from generic medications. In addition, upon issuance in the United States any patent term can be adjusted based on certain delays caused by the applicant(s) or the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). For example, a patent term can be reduced based on certain delays caused by the patent applicant during patent prosecution. 
 Patent term extensions under the Hatch-Waxman Act in the United States and under supplementary protection certificates in Europe may be available to extend the patent or data exclusivity terms of products. With respect to lonafarnib, peginterferon lambda and avexitide, a substantial portion of the potential commercial opportunity will likely rely on patent term extensions, and we cannot provide any assurances that any such patent term extensions will be obtained and, if so, for how long. As a result, we may not be able to maintain exclusivity for our products for an extended period after regulatory approval, which would negatively impact our business and results of operations. If we do not have sufficient patent terms or regulatory exclusivity to protect our products, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 Patent laws and rule changes could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. The laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. We therefore cannot be certain that it or our licensors were the first to make the invention claimed in our owned and licensed patents or pending applications, or that we or our licensor were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, in the United States prior to March 15, 2013, the first to make the claimed invention is entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application is entitled to the patent. After March 15, 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the Leahy-Smith Act) enacted on September 16, 2011, the United States has moved to a first to file system. The Leahy-Smith Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The effects of these changes are currently unclear as the USPTO must still implement various regulations, the courts have yet to address any of these provisions and the applicability of the act and new regulations on specific patents discussed herein have not been determined and would need to be reviewed. In general, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 58 

If we are unable to maintain effective proprietary rights for our product candidates or any future product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. 
 In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable or that we elect not to patent, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our product candidate discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, and contractors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. 
 Although we expect all of our employees and consultants to assign their inventions to us, and all of our employees, consultants, advisors, and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information, or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed or that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets could impair our competitive position and may have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, if the steps taken to maintain our trade secrets are deemed inadequate, we may have insufficient recourse against third parties for misappropriating the trade secret. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There have been many lawsuits and other proceedings involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including patent infringement lawsuits, interferences, oppositions, and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO and corresponding foreign patent offices. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent rights of third parties. 
 Third parties may assert that we are using or exploiting their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture, or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Even if we conduct freedom to operate analyses, we would expect to do so only with respect to certain of our product candidates as they move through development. Accordingly, there may be third-party patents that would impair our ability to commercialize product candidates and we cannot assure you that we could obtain a license, or even if available, whether such license might be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. Even in those situations where we conduct a freedom to operate analysis, there can be no assurance that we would identify all relevant or necessary patents and patent applications that may apply to the manufacture and commercialization of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe, and if patents issue with respect to any such application and we become aware of such issuance, we would have to determine its impact on our efforts to develop and commercialize our product candidates and the strategy for obtaining a license or contesting any such issued patent. 
 If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, the manufacturing process of any of our product candidates, methods of use, any molecules formed during the manufacturing process or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize such product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or are finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable. Such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 59 

If we fail to obtain a license, then parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, pay royalties, redesign our infringing products or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. 
 We may not be successful in meeting our diligence obligations under our existing license agreements necessary to maintain our product candidate licenses in effect. In addition, if required in order to commercialize our product candidates, we may be unsuccessful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to our product candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 We currently have rights to the intellectual property, through licenses from third parties and under patents that we do not own, to develop and commercialize our product candidates. Because our programs may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business will likely depend in part on our ability to maintain in effect these proprietary rights. For example, we have certain specified diligence obligations under our Stanford license agreement for lonafarnib. We may not be able to achieve the required diligence milestones in a timely manner, which may result in Stanford s right to terminate the license agreement, and we may be unable to successfully negotiate an extension or waiver of those termination rights. Any termination of license agreements with third parties with respect to our product candidates would be expected to negatively impact our business prospects. 
 We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes, or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for our product candidates. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources, and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. Even if we are able to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that are necessary for our product candidates, there can be no assurance that they will be available on favorable terms. 
 We collaborate with U.S. and foreign academic institutions to identify product candidates, accelerate our research and conduct development. Typically, these institutions have provided us with an option to negotiate an exclusive license to any of the institution s rights in the patents or other intellectual property resulting from the collaboration. Regardless of such option, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue a program of interest to us. 
 If we are unable to successfully obtain and maintain rights to required third-party intellectual property, we may have to abandon development of that product candidate or pay additional amounts to the third party, and our business and financial condition could suffer. 
 Our product candidates marketed under NDAs may be subject to generic competition. 
 Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, a pharmaceutical manufacturer may file an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) seeking approval of a generic copy of an approved innovator product marketed under an NDA. Generally, in place of clinical studies intended to demonstrate safety or effectiveness, an ANDA applicant usually needs only to submit data demonstrating that its product has the same active ingredient(s), strength, dosage form, route of administration and that it is bioequivalent to the branded product. Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, a manufacturer may also submit an NDA under section 505(b)(2) that references the FDA s finding of safety and effectiveness of a previously approved drug. A 505(b)(2) NDA product may be for a new or improved version of the original innovator product. 
 60 

Innovative small molecule drugs may be eligible for certain periods of regulatory exclusivity The FDCA, provides a period of five years of non-patent exclusivity for a new drug containing a new chemical entity (NCE). During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an ANDA or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such product candidate where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an approved NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, for new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing product candidate. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for product candidates containing the original active agent for other conditions of use. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the nonclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 
 Manufacturers may seek to launch these generic drugs following the expiration of the marketing exclusivity period, even if we still have patent protection for our drug. Competition that our drug candidates may face from generic versions of our drug candidates could materially and adversely impact our future revenue, profitability and cash flows and substantially limit our ability to obtain a return on the investments we have made in those drug candidates. Our future revenues, profitability and cash flows could also be materially and adversely affected and our ability to obtain a return on the investments we have made in those drug candidates may be substantially limited if our drug candidates, if and when approved, are not afforded the appropriate periods of non-patent exclusivity. 
 In addition to the benefits of regulatory exclusivity, an innovator NDA holder may have patents claiming the active ingredient, product formulation or an approved use of the drug, which would be listed with the product in the FDA publication, Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, known as the Orange Book. If there are patents listed in the Orange Book, a generic applicant that seeks to market its product before expiration of the patents must include in the ANDA or 505(b)(2) what is known as a Paragraph IV certification, challenging the validity or enforceability of, or claiming non-infringement of, the listed patent or patents. Notice of the certification must be given to the innovator, too, and if within 45 days of receiving notice the innovator sues to protect its patents, approval of the ANDA is stayed for 30 months, or as lengthened or shortened by the court. 
 If there are patents listed for our products in the Orange Book after approval by FDA, ANDAs and 505(b)(2) NDAs with respect to those products would be required to include a certification as to each listed patent indicating whether the ANDA applicant does or does not intend to challenge the patent. We cannot predict whether any patents issuing from our pending patent applications will be eligible for listing in the Orange Book, how any generic competitor would address such patents, whether we would sue on any such patents, or the outcome of any such suit. 
 We may not be successful in securing or maintaining proprietary patent protection in the United States and/or in other countries for products and technologies we develop or license. Moreover, if any patents that are granted and listed in the Orange Book are successfully challenged by way of a Paragraph IV certification and subsequent litigation, the affected product could more immediately face generic competition and its sales would likely decline materially. Should sales decline, we may have to write off a portion or all of the intangible assets associated with the affected product and our results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our biological product candidates for which we intend to seek licensure may face competition from biosimilars. 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, collectively the ACA, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, which created an abbreviated licensure pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the licensure of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of 
 61 

exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of their product. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty. While it is uncertain when such processes intended to implement BPCIA may be fully adopted by the FDA, any such processes could have an adverse effect on the future commercial prospects for our product candidates. 
 There is a risk that any product candidates we may develop that are licensed as a biological product under a BLA would not qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity or that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider any product candidates we may develop to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for competition sooner than anticipated. In addition, the approval of a biologic product biosimilar to one of our products could have a material adverse impact on our business as it may be significantly less costly to bring to market and may be priced significantly lower than our products. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any one of the reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 
 Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject of recent litigation, including litigation challenging the constitutionality of the ACA. For example, in December 2018, a federal district court ruled that the ACA, without the individual mandate penalty (which was repealed by Congress as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act), is unconstitutional in its entirety. In December 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit upheld the district court ruling that the individual mandate provisions are unconstitutional and remanded the case back to the district court for further analysis of whether such provisions could be severed from the remainder of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. There may, however, be other efforts to challenge, repeal, or replace the ACA in the future. We continue to evaluate the effect that the ACA and its possible repeal and replacement has (or may have) on our business and exclusivity under the BPCIA. It is uncertain the extent to which any such changes may impact our business or financial condition. 
 The patent protection and patent prosecution for some of our product candidates is dependent on third parties. 
 While we normally seek and gain the right to fully prosecute the patents relating to our product candidates, there may be times when patents relating to our product candidates are controlled by our licensors. This is the case with our agreements with Stanford and Nippon Kayaku, each of whom is primarily responsible for the prosecution of patents and patent applications licensed to us under the applicable collaboration agreements. If they or any of our future licensors fail to appropriately and broadly prosecute and maintain patent protection for patents covering any of our product candidates, our ability to develop and commercialize those product candidates may be adversely affected and we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using, importing, and selling competing products. In addition, even where we now have the right to control patent prosecution of patents and patent applications, we have licensed from third parties, we may still be adversely affected or prejudiced by actions or inactions of our licensors in effect from actions prior to us assuming control over patent prosecution. 
 If we fail to comply with obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property and other rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 We are a party to a number of intellectual property license and supply agreements that are important to our business and expects to enter into additional license agreements in the future. Our existing agreements impose, and we expect that future license agreements will impose, various diligence, milestone payment, royalty, purchasing, supply and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with our obligations under these agreements, or we are subject to a bankruptcy, our agreements may be subject to termination by the licensor, in which event we would not be able to develop, manufacture or market products covered by the license or subject to supply commitments. 
 62 

Although we are not currently involved in any intellectual property litigation, we may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time consuming, and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. Although we are not currently involved in any intellectual property litigation, if we or one of our licensing partners were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidate is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. 
 Interference proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Our defense of litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties, or enter into development partnerships that would help us bring our product candidates to market. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 
 We employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we have written agreements and make every effort to ensure that our employees, consultants and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or intellectual property rights of others in their work forums, and we are not currently subject to any claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties, we may in the future be subject to such claims. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, which could adversely impact our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting, and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and may also export infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 63 

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Risks Related to our Business Operations 
 Our future success depends in part on our ability to retain our President and Chief Executive Officer and to attract, retain, and motivate other qualified personnel. 
 We are highly dependent on David Cory, our President and Chief Executive Officer, the loss of whose services may adversely impact the achievement of our objectives. Mr. Cory could leave our employment at any time, as he is an at will employee. Recruiting and retaining other qualified employees, consultants, and advisors for our business, including scientific and technical personnel, will also be critical to our success. There is currently a shortage of highly qualified personnel in our industry, which is likely to continue. As a result, competition for personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for individuals with similar skill sets. In addition, failure to succeed in development and commercialization of our product candidates may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, or the loss of the services of Mr. Cory, may impede the progress of our research, development, and commercialization objectives and would negatively impact our ability to succeed in our in-licensing strategy. 
 We will need to expand our organization and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2021, we had 43 full-time employees. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we expect to need additional managerial, operational, manufacturing, sales, marketing, financial, legal, and other resources. Our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of their attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees, and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of additional product candidates. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate and/or grow revenue could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize product candidates and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. 
 Failure to comply with existing or future laws and regulations related to privacy or data security could lead to government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal fines or penalties), private litigation, other liabilities, and/or adverse publicity. Compliance or the failure to comply with such laws could increase the costs of our products and services, could limit their use or adoption, and could otherwise negatively affect our operating results and business. 
 Regulation of data processing is evolving as federal, state, and foreign governments continue to adopt new, or modify existing, laws and regulations addressing data privacy and security, and the collection, processing, storage, transfer, and use of data. We and our partners may be subject to current, new, or modified federal, state, and foreign data protection laws and regulations (e.g., laws and regulations that address data privacy and data security including, without limitation, health data). These new or proposed laws and regulations are subject to differing interpretations 
 64 

and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions, and guidance on implementation and compliance practices are often updated or otherwise revised, which adds to the complexity of processing personal data. These and other requirements could require us or our partners to incur additional costs to achieve compliance, limit our competitiveness, necessitate the acceptance of more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to use, store, transfer, and process data, impact our or our partners ability to process or use data in order to support the provision of our products or services, affect our or our partners ability to offer our products and services in certain locations, or cause regulators to reject, limit or disrupt our clinical trial activities. 
 In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including state data breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act) that govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information apply to our operations or the operations of our partners. In addition, we may receive unintended health information in error from third parties (including research institutions from which we may obtain clinical trial data) that are subject to privacy and security requirements under the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (HITECH). Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to significant penalties if we obtain, use, or disclose individually identifiable health information in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. On December 10, 2020, the Office of Civil Rights within the Department of Health and Human Services issued proposed revisions to the HIPAA Privacy Rule aimed at reducing regulatory burdens that may exist in discouraging coordination of care and patient access to their health information, among other changes. While a final rule has not yet been issued, if adopted, these proposed changes may require us to update our policies and procedures to comply with the new requirements. 
 In particular, several state laws have recently been passed or amended to significantly expand privacy rights and obligations of businesses that process personal information, including identifiable sensitive health information. For example, in June 2018, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which went into effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA gives California residents expanded rights to access and require deletion of their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that may increase data breach litigation. The California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA), which expands the CCPA, was passed in the election on November 3, 2020. The CPRA will, among other things, give consumers the ability to limit use of information deemed to be sensitive, increase the maximum penalties for violations concerning consumers under age 16, and establish the California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the new law and impose administrative fines. Following the CPRA, Virginia and Colorado have enacted similar, but not completely consistent, comprehensive privacy legislation that will also go into effect in January and July 2023, respectively. Many other states are considering similar legislation. 
 Aspects of the these new state privacy laws, and their interpretation and enforcement, remain uncertain. The potential effects of these new and evolving state privacy laws are far-reaching and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Although the California, Virginia and Colorado laws include exemptions for certain clinical trials data and HIPAA protected health information, the law may increase our compliance costs and potential liability with respect to other personal information we collect about California residents, and those health-data related exceptions may evolve through amendment or regulatory interpretation. The state privacy law developments, moreover, have prompted a number of additional proposals for new federal and state privacy legislation that, if passed, could increase our potential liability, increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business. 
 Foreign data protection laws, including, without limitation, the EU GDPR that took effect in May 2018, and EU Member State data protection legislation, may also apply to health-related and other personal information obtained from individuals. The EU GDPR has been transposed into the national laws of the United Kingdom by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as the UK GDPR (together, the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR, the GDPR). The EU GDPR has direct effect in all EU Member States and has extraterritorial effect where organizations outside of the EU process personal information of individuals in the EU in relation to the offering of goods or services to those individuals targeting test or the monitoring of their behavior monitoring test ). The UK GDPR has a similar extraterritorial test for organizations outside of the UK processing personal information of individuals in the UK in relation to the offering of goods or services to those individuals or the monitoring of their 
 65 

behavior. As such, the GDPR applies to us to the extent we are established in an EU Member State or the UK or we meet the requirements of either the targeting test or the monitoring test. These laws impose strict obligations on businesses, including to: i implement administrative, physical, technical, and organizational safeguards to protect personal information (ii) establish an appropriate and valid legal basis for processing personal information (iii) comply with accountability transparency requirements regarding the processing of personal information, which require controllers to demonstrate and record compliance with the GDPR and to provide more detailed information to data subjects regarding processing (iv) comply with data protection rights of data subjects including a right of access to and rectification of personal information, a right to obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of personal information, a right to ask for a copy of personal information to be provided to a third party in a useable format and erasing personal information in certain circumstances (v) report certain personal data breaches to the relevant supervisory authority without undue delay (and no later than 72 hours, where feasible) (vi) obtain explicit consent for collection of sensitive personal information such as health data and (vii) consider data protection as any new products or services are developed and to limit the amount of personal information processed . 
 The EU GDPR restricts the transfer of personal information from the European Economic Area (EEA) to the United States and other countries that the European Commission does not recognize as having adequate data protection laws unless the parties to the transfer have implemented an appropriate data transfer mechanism in accordance with the EU GDPR. The UK GDPR has similar restrictions on transfers of personal information from the United Kingdom to countries that the UK does not recognize as having adequate data protection laws in the United Kingdom (as discussed below) and Switzerland impose similar restrictions. One of the primary mechanisms allowing United States companies to import personal information from Europe had been certification to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks administered by the United States Department of Commerce. However, in July 2020, the Court of Justice of the EU (CJEU) invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, and subsequent regulatory guidance required additional compliance efforts to analyze international data flows and take steps to ensure adequate protections for personal data transferred to the United States and other certain jurisdictions, including by implementing supplementary measures that provide privacy protections in addition to those provided under the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs). Moreover, new versions of the European Commission s Standard Contractual Clauses, now the primary mechanism for the lawful transfer of personal information transfers from Europe and/or the United Kingdom to the United States or other countries, have been released requiring additional compliance and implementation efforts. The United Kingdom is also expected to publish its own set of SCCs in early 2022 for transfers of personal data outside of the United Kingdom. Similarly, the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner announced that the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework is inadequate for personal information transfers from Switzerland to the United States in light of the CJEU s July 2020 decision, and also raised questions about the viability of the older version of the Standard Contractual Clauses. As such, any transfers by us or our vendors of personal information from Europe may not comply with European data protection law, may increase our exposure to the EU GDPR s heightened sanctions for violations of its cross-border data transfer restrictions and may reduce demand from companies subject to European data protection laws. 
 Moreover, where we rely on SCCs, we must now evaluate and implement supplementary measures that provide privacy protections additional to those provided under SCCs. This evaluation will, in particular, include an assessment as to whether the types of personal data transferred pursuant to SCCs may be subject to government surveillance in the data importer s country and an assessment as to whether the data importer can meet its contractual obligations under the SCCs. This may have implications for our cross-border data flows and may result in compliance costs. Inability to import personal information from the EEA, United Kingdom or Switzerland may also restrict our clinical trial activities in Europe limit our ability to collaborate with CROs, service providers, contractors and other companies subject to European data protection laws and require us to increase our data processing capabilities in Europe at significant expense. 
 Additionally, other countries outside of Europe continue to enact or are considering enacting similar cross-border data transfer restrictions and laws requiring local data residency, which could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services and operating our business. For example, Brazil enacted the General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais or LGPD) (Law No. 13,709/2018), which broadly regulates the processing of personal information and imposes compliance obligations and penalties comparable to those of the EU GDPR. 
 66 

Under the EU GDPR, regulators may impose substantial fines and penalties for non-compliance. Companies that violate the EU GDPR can face fines of up to the greater of 20 million Euros or 4 of their consolidated worldwide annual turnover (revenue) and restrictions or prohibitions on data processing. The EU also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the EU GDPR. The EU GDPR has increased our responsibility and liability in relation to personal information that we process, requiring us to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the EU GDPR and other EU and international data protection rules. There may also be a risk that the measures will not be implemented correctly or that individuals within the business will not be fully compliant with the required procedures . Similarly, the UK GDPR introduces fines of up to the greater of 17.5 million or up to 4 of their consolidated worldwide annual turnover (revenue). 
 Failure to comply with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties, fines or sanctions), private litigation, and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Moreover, patients about whom we or our partners obtain information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use and disclose the information. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws, or breached our contractual obligations related to security or privacy, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. Compliance with data protection laws may be time-consuming, require additional resources and could result in increased expenses, reduce overall demand for our products and services and make it more difficult to meet expectations of or commitments to customers or partners. 
 Any of these matters could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operational results. 
 Failure in our information technology and storage systems or our security measures, including without limitation, data breaches, or inadequacy of our business continuity and disaster recovery plans and procedures, could significantly disrupt the operation of our business. 
 Our ability to execute our business plan and maintain operations depends on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our, and our third-party vendors , information technology (IT) systems, and the availability of data related to our products, services and operations. IT systems and data are vulnerable to risks and damages from a variety of sources, including catastrophe or natural disaster, telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts, breaches of security, cyber-attacks, loss of power or other natural or man-made events. Moreover, despite network security and back-up measures, we and our vendors frequently defend against and respond to data security attacks and incidents, and vendors servers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, software vulnerabilities, ransomware attacks and similar disruptive problems. If our business continuity and disaster recovery plans and procedures were disrupted, inadequate or unsuccessful in the event of a problem, we could experience a material adverse interruption of our operations. 
 Specifically, data security breaches, whether inadvertent or intentional, by employees or others, may expose proprietary information, trade secrets, personal information, clinical trial data or other sensitive data to unauthorized persons, impact the integrity, availability or confidentiality of our IT systems or data (including, but not limited to, data loss), or disrupt or interrupt our IT systems or operations. Our partners and vendors face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. Malicious attacks by third parties are of ever-increasing sophistication and can be made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but not limited to, industrial espionage and financial motivation prompted by the enormous growth in ransomware over the past several years) and expertise, including organized criminal groups, hacktivists, nation states and others. Foreign, federal, and state laws or regulations allows for the imposition of civil liability, fines and/or corrective action on entities that improperly use or disclose the personal information of individuals, including through a data security breach. Accordingly, data security breaches experienced by us, our collaborators or contractors could lead to significant fines, required corrective action, loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personally identifiable information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, collaborators, clinical trial patients, and others. A data security breach or privacy violation that leads to disclosure or modification of or prevents access to personal information, including personally identifiable information, patient information or protected health information, could result in civil liability, harm our reputation, compel us to comply with federal and/or state breach notification laws, subject us to mandatory 
 67 

corrective action, require us to verify the correctness of database contents and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. If we are unable to adequately prevent, detect or respond to data security breaches or privacy violations, or implement satisfactory remedial measures in the wake of a data security incident, our operations could be disrupted, and we may suffer civil liability to our customers or individuals, loss of reputation, financial loss and other regulatory penalties because of lost or misappropriated information, including sensitive patient data, or our clinical trials may be adversely impacted from data loss resulting in delayed regulatory approvals or other operational impacts. In addition, these breaches and other inappropriate access events can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying and responding to them may lead to increased harm of the type described above. Moreover, the prevalent use of mobile devices or other remote working activity that access and process confidential information remotely increases the risk of data security breaches, which could lead to the loss of confidential information, trade secrets or other intellectual property. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect our data security and information technology systems, no set of security measures is infallible, and these measures may not prevent such events . 
 For example, in March 2021, we learned we were the victim of a business email compromise during which an unauthorized party gained access to the email account of an employee in our finance department. The incident resulted in a net loss of approximately 0.3 million. We immediately notified law enforcement and relevant banks involved in the wire, which we are working to recover. At this time, we do not know if we will be able to recover this loss, which we understand was transferred to another country. Based on our investigation, the incident was financially motivated and impacted a single email account. In response to the incident, we conducted a review of our corporate information technology and email policies and have implemented additional security measures. 
 Despite precautionary measures to prevent anticipated and unanticipated problems, including data breaches, there can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our data and information technology systems will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems (or that of our third-party providers). Such events could affect our IT systems, sustained or repeated system failures that interrupt our ability to generate, use and maintain data or our IT systems could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and result in increased costs or loss of revenue, other financial and reputational harm to us, theft of trade secrets and other proprietary information, legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information and regulatory penalties. 
 The financial exposure from the events referenced above could either not be insured against or not be fully covered through any insurance that we maintain. There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages as a result of the events referenced above. 
 We may not be successful in any efforts to identify, license, discover, develop or commercialize additional product candidates. 
 Although a substantial amount of our effort will focus on the continued clinical testing, potential approval, and commercialization of our existing product candidates, the success of our business is also expected to depend in part upon our ability to identify, license, discover, develop, or commercialize additional product candidates. Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial, and human resources. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential programs or product candidates that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. Our research programs or licensing efforts may fail to yield additional product candidates for clinical development and commercialization for a number of reasons, including but not limited to the following: 

our research or business development methodology or search criteria and process may be unsuccessful in identifying potential product candidates 

we may not be able or willing to assemble sufficient resources to acquire or discover additional product candidates 

our product candidates may not succeed in preclinical or clinical testing 

our potential product candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may make the products unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval 

competitors may develop alternatives that render our product candidates obsolete or less attractive 

 68 

product candidates we develop may be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights 

the market for a product candidate may change during our program so that such a product may become unreasonable to continue to develop 

a product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all and 

a product candidate may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community, or third-party payors. 

 If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, or we may not be able to identify, license, discover, develop, or commercialize additional product candidates, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. 
 Healthcare legislative reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (ACA) was passed, which substantially changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. There have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to numerous provisions of the ACA. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, it has enacted laws that modify certain provisions of the ACA such as removing penalties, starting January 1, 2019, for not complying with the ACA s individual mandate to carry health insurance and delaying the implementation of certain ACA-mandated fees. In addition, the 2020 federal spending package permanently eliminated, effective January 1, 2020, the ACA-mandated Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage and medical device tax and, effective January 1, 2021, also eliminated the health insurer tax. On December 14, 2018, a Texas U.S. District Court Judge ruled that the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. Additionally, on December 18, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit upheld the District Court ruling that that the individual mandate was unconstitutional and remanded the case back to the District Court to determine whether the remaining provisions of the ACA are invalid as well. The U.S. Supreme Court is currently reviewing this case, although it is unclear when a decision will be made. On February 10, 2021, the Biden administration withdrew the federal government s support for overturning the ACA. Although the U.S. Supreme Court has not yet ruled on the constitutionality of the ACA, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace, which began on February 15, 2021 and will remain open through August 15, 2021. The executive order also instructs certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, other such litigation, and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business. 
 Also, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs and biologics. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products For example , the Trump administration used several means to propose or implement drug pricing reform, including through federal budget proposals, executive orders and policy initiatives. For example, o n July 24, 2020 and September 13, 2020, the Trump administration announced several executive orders related to drug pricing that seeks to implement several of the administration s proposals. As a result, the FDA released a final rule on September 24, 2020, effective November 30, 2020, providing guidance for states to build and submit importation plans for drugs from Canada. Further, on November 20, 2020, HHS finalized a regulation removing safe harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers, unless the price reduction is required 
 69 

by law. The implementation of the rule has been delayed by the Biden administration from January 1, 2022 to January 1, 2023 in response to ongoing litigation. The rule also creates a new safe harbor for price reductions reflected at the point-of-sale, as well as a safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy benefit managers and manufacturers , the implementation of which have also been delayed until January 1, 2023 . On November 20, 2020, CMS issued an interim final rule implementing President Trump s Most Favored Nation executive order, which would tie Medicare Part B payments for certain physician-administered drugs to the lowest price paid in other economically advanced countries, effective January 1, 2021. On December 28, 2020, the United States District Court in Northern California issued a nationwide preliminary injunction against implementation of the interim final rule. It is unclear whether the Biden administration will work to reverse these measures or pursue similar policy initiatives . At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Any repeal and replace legislation may have the effect of limiting the amounts that government agencies will pay for healthcare products and services. Policy changes, including potential modification or repeal of all or parts of the ACA or the implementation of new health care legislation, could result in significant changes to the health care system, which may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our drugs. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand or lower pricing for our product candidates, or additional pricing pressures. 
 In the United States, the EU and other potentially significant markets for our product candidates, government authorities and third-party payors are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services, particularly for new and innovative products and therapies, which has resulted in lower average selling prices. For example, in the United States, there have been several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. Furthermore, the increased emphasis on managed healthcare in the United States and on country and regional pricing and reimbursement controls in the EU will put additional pressure on product pricing, reimbursement and usage, which may adversely affect our future product sales and results of operations. These pressures can arise from rules and practices of managed care groups, judicial decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to Medicare, Medicaid and healthcare reform, pharmaceutical reimbursement policies and pricing in general. Further, it is possible that additional governmental action is taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 We may be subject, directly or indirectly, to foreign, federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, and health information privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties, sanctions or other liability. 
 Our operations may be subject to various foreign, federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act, physician sunshine laws, the EU GDPR and/or the UK GDPR and other regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our research, sales, marketing, and education programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy regulation by foreign, federal, and state governments in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce, or in return for, the purchase or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs 

federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent 

 70 

HIPAA, which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and making false statements relating to healthcare matters 

HIPAA and its implementing regulations impose certain requirements on certain covered entity healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouse and their business associates that perform certain services involving the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information as well as their covered subcontractors, relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information 

The Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies to report annually to HHS information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists, and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members and applicable group purchasing organizations. Beginning in 2022, such obligations will include payments and other transfers of value provided in the previous year to certain other healthcare professionals, including physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, anesthesiologist assistants, certified nurse anesthetists, and certified nurse-midwives 

the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), which, among other things, prohibits the adulteration and misbranding of drugs and biological products 

state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payors, including commercial insurers, state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts and 

the EU GDPR and/or the UK GDPR (together, GDPR) and other EU Member State or English data protection legislation, which require data controllers and processors to (i) implement administrative, physical, technical, and organizational safeguards to protect personal information (ii) establish an appropriate and valid legal basis for processing personal information (iii) comply with accountability transparency requirements regarding the processing of personal information, which require controllers to demonstrate and record compliance with the GDPR and to provide more detailed information to data subjects regarding processing (iv) comply with data protection rights of data subjects including a right of access to and rectification of personal information, a right to obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of personal information, a right to ask for a copy of personal information to be provided to a third party in a useable format and erasing personal information in certain circumstances (v) report certain personal data breaches to the relevant supervisory authority without undue delay (and no later than 72 hours, where feasible) (vi) obtain explicit consent for collection of sensitive personal information such as health data and (vii) consider data protection as any new products or services are developed and to limit the amount of personal information processed. In addition, the GDPR prohibits the international transfer of personal information outside of the EU and/or the UK including to the U.S., unless made to a country deemed to have adequate data privacy laws by the European Commission and/or the UK or a data transfer mechanism in accordance with the GDPR (as applicable) has been put in place. 

 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. In addition, recent health care reform legislation has strengthened these laws. 
 71 

If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply, we may be subject to penalties, including significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, fines, sanctions, exclusion from participation in government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, imprisonment, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 
 The withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit, may adversely impact our ability to obtain regulatory approvals of our product candidates in the EU, result in restrictions or imposition of taxes and duties for importing our product candidates into the EU, and may require us to incur additional expenses in order to develop, manufacture and commercialize our product candidates in the EU. 
 
 In June 2016, the electorate in the UK voted in favor of leaving the EU (commonly referred to as Brexit Thereafter, in March 2017, the country formally notified the EU of its intention to withdraw pursuant to Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty and the UK formally left the EU on January 31, 2020. A transition period began on February 1, 2020, during which EU pharmaceutical law remained applicable to the UK. This transition period ended on December 31, 2020. 
 Since the regulatory framework in the UK covering the quality, safety and efficacy of pharmaceutical products, clinical trials, marketing authorization, commercial sales and distribution of pharmaceutical products is derived from EU Directives and Regulations, Brexit could materially impact the future regulatory regime which applies to products and the approval of product candidates in the UK, as UK legislation now has the potential to diverge from EU legislation. It remains to be seen how Brexit will impact regulatory requirements for product candidates and products in the UK in the long-term. 
 The UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) has published detailed guidance for industry and organizations to follow from January 1, 2021 now the transition period is over, which will be updated as the UK s regulatory position on medicinal products evolves over time. The regulatory framework for medicines that existed before the end of the transition period has effectively been preserved in UK domestic legislation as retained EU law which has prevented substantial divergence to the regulation of medicines. However, some changes to the UK legislation have been immediately necessary, including the implementation of the Northern Ireland Protocol (NIP), pursuant to which, the EU pharmaceutical legal framework acquis continues to apply in Northern Ireland (subject to periodic consent of the Northern Ireland Legislative Assembly), and only products compliant with EU law can be placed in the Northern Ireland market - adding an extra layer of regulatory complexity. As companies now need to comply with a separate UK regulatory legal framework in order to commercialize medicinal products in Great Britain (namely, England, Wales and Scotland, as EU law continues to apply in Northern Ireland). Great Britain will no longer be covered by centralized marketing authorizations (under the Northern Irish Protocol, centralized marketing authorizations will continue to be recognized in Northern Ireland). All medicinal products with a current centralized marketing authorization were automatically converted to Great Britain marketing authorizations on January 1, 2021. For a period of two years from January 1, 2021, the MHRA may rely on a decision taken by the European Commission on the approval of a new marketing authorization in the centralized procedure, in order to more quickly grant a new Great Britain marketing authorization. A separate application will, however, still be required. 
 The UK government is currently trying to renegotiate fundamental aspects of the Northern Ireland Protocol so this is an unpredictable area for companies in the near future. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement signed between the UK and the EU allows for future deviation from the current regulatory framework and it is not known if and/or when any deviations may occur, which may have an impact on development, manufacture, marketing authorization, commercial sales and distribution of pharmaceutical products. 
 Our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, commercial partners and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include 
 72 

intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct that fails to: comply with the regulations of the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, provide accurate information to the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United States and abroad, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, promotion , sales, marketing and certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Such misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment or clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to all of our employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 We face potential product liability, and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability and costs. If the use or misuse of our product candidates harm patients or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated to our product candidates, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted, and we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims. 
 The use or misuse of our product candidates in clinical trials and the sale of any products for which we obtain marketing approval exposes us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims might be brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our products. There is a risk that our product candidates may induce adverse events. If we cannot successfully defend against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liability and costs. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 

impairment of our business reputation 

initiation of investigations by regulators 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants 

costs due to related litigation 

distraction of management s attention from our primary business 

substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants 

the inability to commercialize our product candidates 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions and 

decreased demand for our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale. 

 We believe our current product liability insurance coverage is appropriate in light of our clinical programs however, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. If and when we obtain marketing approval for product candidates, we intend to increase our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products however, we may be unable to obtain product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs or medical treatments that had unanticipated adverse effects. A successful product liability claims or series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could adversely affect our results of operations and business. 
 Patients with the diseases targeted by our product candidates are often already in severe and advanced stages of disease and have both known and unknown significant pre-existing and potentially life-threatening health risks. During the course of treatment, patients may suffer adverse events, including death, for reasons that may or may not be related to our product candidates. Such events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial 
 73 

amounts of money to injured patients, delay, negatively impact or end our opportunity to receive or maintain regulatory approval to market our products, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. Even in a circumstance in which we do not believe that an adverse event is related to our products, the investigation into the circumstance may be time-consuming or inconclusive. These investigations may interrupt our sales efforts, delay our regulatory approval process in other countries, or impact and limit the type of regulatory approvals our product candidates receive or maintain. As a result of these factors, a product liability claim, even if successfully defended, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 Our research and development activities and our third-party manufacturers and suppliers activities involve the controlled storage, use, and disposal of hazardous materials, including the components of our product candidates and other hazardous compounds. We and our manufacturers and suppliers are subject to laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling, and disposal of these hazardous materials. In some cases, these hazardous materials and various wastes resulting from their use are stored at our and our manufacturers facilities pending their use and disposal. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination, which could cause an interruption of our commercialization efforts, research and development efforts and business operations, environmental damage resulting in costly clean-up and liabilities under applicable laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling, and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. Although we believe that the safety procedures utilized by our licensors and our third-party manufacturers for handling and disposing of these materials generally comply with the standards prescribed by these laws and regulations, we cannot guarantee that this is the case or eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In such an event, we may be held liable for any resulting damages and such liability could exceed our resources and state or federal or other applicable authorities may curtail our use of certain materials and/or interrupt our business operations. Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, and have tended to become more stringent. We cannot predict the impact of such changes and cannot be certain of our future compliance. We do not currently carry biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage. 
 74 

We are currently conducting and will continue to conduct clinical trials in foreign countries, which could expose us to risks that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business and the delivery of clinical trial data. 
 We have conducted in the past and are currently conducting clinical trials in the United States, Canada, Australia, Turkey, Germany, Pakistan, New Zealand, Mongolia, Spain, France, Bulgaria, Romania, Taiwan, Sweden, Italy, Belgium, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Greece, Moldova, Ukraine, Russia, and Israel, and accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally, including commercial, political, and financial risks. Emerging regions, such as Eastern Europe, Latin America, Asia, and Africa, as well as more developed markets, such as the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and Australia, provide clinical study opportunities for us. In addition, we are subject to potential disruption caused by military conflicts potentially unstable governments or legal systems civil or political upheaval or unrest local labor policies and conditions possible expropriation, nationalization, or confiscation of assets problems with repatriation of foreign earnings economic or trade sanctions closure of markets to imports anti-American sentiment terrorism or other types of violence in or outside the United States health pandemics and a significant reduction in global travel. For example, both Turkey and Pakistan are key regions for clinical activity relating to Hepatitis Delta Virus, and further outbreaks of violence and political instability in the region could disrupt our clinical operations or otherwise limit our ability to access or conduct clinical studies in those regions. Certain countries have closed their borders due to COVID-19 preventing activation of clinical sites. Recent actions taken by the Russian Federation in Ukraine and surrounding areas have destabilized the region and caused the adoption of comprehensive sanctions by, among others, the EU, the United States and the UK, which restrict a wide range of trade and financial dealings with Russia and Russian persons, as well as certain regions in Ukraine, including by imposing stricter export controls, prohibiting dealings with major Russian banks and credit institutions, and prohibiting trade with the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine. In addition, clinical site initiation and patient enrollment may be delayed, and we may not be able to access sites for initiation, monitoring and data collection in regions affected by the Russian invasion of Ukraine, including due to the prioritization of hospital resources away from clinical trials or as a result of government imposed curfews, warfare, violence or other governmental action or events that restrict movement. Some patients may not be able to comply with clinical trial protocols if the conflict impedes patient movement or interrupts healthcare services. We could also experience disruptions in our supply chain or limits to our ability to obtain sufficient materials for our drug products in certain regions. D-LIVR is a global Phase 3 trial that has enrolled 407 patients across 116 clinical trial sites in 22 countries, including five sites in Ukraine. While we believe that the study is more than adequately powered to demonstrate statistical significance over placebo even if patients from Ukraine discontinue from study, impacts related to the Russian invasion of Ukraine may have a material adverse effect on our ability to adequately conduct the D-LIVR trial. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to overcome the challenges we encounter with respect to these risks and other factors affecting U.S. companies with global operations. If our global clinical trials were to experience significant disruption due to these risks or for other reasons, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations and prospects. 
 We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by earthquakes, natural epidemics or other natural disasters and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 
 Earthquakes, health epidemics or other natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, damaged critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party CMOs, or otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. For example, in December 2019, an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) originated in Wuhan, China. Since certain starting materials of certain of our products obtained from third-party chemical suppliers are manufactured in China and Japan, an outbreak of communicable diseases in the region, or the perception that such an outbreak could occur, and the measures taken by the governments of countries affected, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations by limiting our ability to manufacture product within or outside for example China, Japan, Italy, Canada, and the United States, forcing temporary closure of facilities that we rely upon or increasing the costs associated with obtaining starting materials and then clinical supplies of our product candidates. The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and 
 75 

the actions to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. In addition, our corporate headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area, which has in the past experienced severe earthquakes and other natural disasters and is currently experiencing an outbreak of COVID-19. We do not carry earthquake insurance. We have limited disaster recovery and business continuity plans in place currently and our business would be impaired in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses to develop and implement any disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business is currently adversely affected by and could be materially adversely affected in the future by the effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics and pandemics including the evolving effects of the COVID-19 outbreak. We have a significant number of clinical trial sites in countries that have been directly affected by COVID-19. We depend on manufacturing operations for various stages of our supply chain in countries that have been directly affected by COVID-19. COVID-19 continues to adversely affect our business and could materially and adversely affect our operations and those of our manufacturers and other third parties with whom we conduct business. 
 Our business has been adversely affected by COVID-19 and could be materially and adversely impacted by COVID-19 or other health epidemics in regions where we have significant manufacturing facilities, concentrations of clinical trial sites or other business operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has presented a substantial public health and economic challenge around the world and is affecting employees, patients, community and business operations, as well as the U.S. economy and financial markets. The effects of shelter-in-place orders and our work-from-home policies may negatively impact productivity, disrupt our business and delay our clinical programs and timelines, the magnitude of which will depend, in part, on the length and severity of the restrictions and other limitations on our ability to conduct our business in the ordinary course. These and similar, and perhaps more severe, disruptions in our operations could negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Additionally, some of our suppliers of certain materials used in the production of our drug products are located in China, Japan, Canada, Italy and the United States. While many of these materials may be obtained by more than one supplier, including suppliers outside of China, Japan, Canada, Italy and the United States, port closures and other restrictions resulting from the coronavirus outbreak in the region may disrupt our supply chain or limit our ability to obtain sufficient materials for our drug products. 
 In addition, our clinical trials have been and may continue to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Site initiation and patient enrollment has been delayed, due to prioritization of hospital resources toward the COVID-19 pandemic, travel restrictions imposed by governments, and the inability to access sites for initiation and monitoring. In our D-LIVR trial, the COVID-19 pandemic has delayed enrollment in our global clinical trial, some patients may not be able to comply with clinical trial protocols if quarantines impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services, we may be unable to obtain blood samples for testing, and we may not be able to provide study drug to patients. 
 Further, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the extent and length of which is uncertain, we may be required to develop and implement additional clinical study policies and procedures designed to help protect study participants from the COVID-19 virus, which may include using telemedicine visits, remote monitoring of patients and clinical sites, and measures to ensure that data from clinical studies that may be disrupted as result of the pandemic are collected pursuant to the study protocol and consistent with GCPs, with any material protocol deviation reviewed and approved by the site Institutional Review Board (IRB). Missed scheduled patient appointments, any interruption in study drug supply, or other consequences that may result in incomplete data being generated during a study as a result of the pandemic must be adequately documented and justified. For example, on March 18, 2020, the FDA issued guidance on conducting clinical trials during the pandemic, which describes a number of considerations for sponsors of clinical trials impacted by the pandemic, including the requirement to include in the clinical study report (or as a separate document) contingency measures implemented to manage the study, any disruption of the study as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic a list of all study participants by unique subject identifier and by investigational site that were affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and a description of how the individual s participation was altered and analyses and corresponding discussions that address the impact of implemented contingency measures (e.g., participant discontinuation from investigational product and/or study, alternative procedures used to collect critical safety and/or efficacy data) on the safety and efficacy results reported for the study. 
 76 

Further , the FDA and EMA may continue to suspend or delay certain foreign inspections, and if there continues to be a suspension or delay in inspections, our product application reviews and potential approvals could be impacted or delayed. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, on March 10, 2020 the FDA announced its intention to postpone most inspections of foreign manufacturing facilities. On March 18, 2020, the FDA announced its intention to temporarily postpone routine surveillance inspections of domestic manufacturing facilities and provided guidance regarding the conduct of clinical trials. Subsequently, on July 10, 2020, the FDA announced its intention to resume certain on-site inspections of domestic manufacturing facilities subject to a risk-based prioritization system. In May 2021, the FDA updated its guidance, first published in August 2020, clarifying how it intends to conduct inspections during the COVID-19 pandemic, including how it plans to determine which inspections are mission critical. In November 2021, FDA provided an update to the May 2021 Resiliency Roadmap for FDA Inspectional Oversight noting completion of mission critical work over the previous year. In the update, FDA noted that it is continuing to complete mission-critical work, prioritize other higher-tiered inspectional needs (e.g., for-cause inspections), and carry out surveillance inspections using risk-based approaches for evaluating public health impact. Further, ongoing surges in COVID-19 case numbers with the emergence of new variants (e.g., the Omicron variant in late 2021) have contributed to interruptions in FDA s surveillance capabilities. In light of high positivity rates and hospitalizations, FDA made temporary changes in late 2021, including temporarily postponing certain inspection activities from December 29, 2021 to January 19, 2022. 
 The FDA intends to use the roadmap as a risk-based assessment system to identify the categories of regulatory activity that can occur within a given geographic area, ranging from mission critical inspections to resumption of all regulatory activities. On-going surges, new variants, or additional factors may further affect inspection timelines. 
 Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including providing guidance regarding the conduct of clinical trials. If global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, or impact reviews or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 While we expect the COVID-19 pandemic to continue to adversely affect our business operations, the extent of the impact on our clinical development and regulatory efforts and the value of and market for our common stock will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence at this time, such as the ultimate duration of the pandemic, travel restrictions, quarantines, social distancing and business closure requirements in the U.S. and in other countries, and the effectiveness of actions taken globally to contain and treat COVID-19. In addition, to the extent the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile, and you may not be able to resell some or all of your shares at a desired market price. 
 The market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile. Our stock price could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, including the following: 

results or delays in preclinical studies or clinical trials 

our decision to initiate a clinical trial, not to initiate a clinical trial or to terminate an existing clinical trial 

unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the use of any of our product candidates 

reports of adverse events in other gene therapy products or clinical trials of such products 

inability to obtain additional funding 

any delay in filing an IND, NDA, BLA, or MAA for any of our product candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the FDA s review of that IND, NDA, or BLA 

 77 

our ability to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates, and delays or failures to obtain such approvals 

failure of any of our product candidates, if approved, to achieve commercial success 

failure to obtain Orphan Drug designation 

failure to maintain our existing third-party license and supply agreements 

failure by our licensors to prosecute, maintain, or enforce our intellectual property rights 

changes in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates 

any inability to obtain adequate supply of our product candidates or the inability to do so at acceptable prices 

adverse regulatory authority decisions 

introduction of new products, services, or technologies by our competitors 

failure to meet or exceed financial and development projections we may provide to the public 

failure to meet or exceed the financial and development projections of the investment community 

the perception of the pharmaceutical industry by the public, legislatures, regulators, and the investment community 

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments by us or our competitors 

disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters, and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies 

additions or departures of key personnel 

significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation 

if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue adverse or misleading opinions regarding our business and stock 

changes in the market valuations of similar companies 

general market or macroeconomic conditions 

sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future 

trading volume of our common stock 

announcements by commercial partners or competitors of new commercial products, clinical progress or the lack thereof, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments 

adverse publicity relating to the hepatitis market generally, including with respect to other products and potential products in such markets 

the introduction of technological innovations or new therapies that compete with potential products of ours 

changes in the structure of health care payment systems and 

period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results. 

 Moreover, the stock markets in general have experienced substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual companies, including very recently in connection with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in decreased stock prices for many companies notwithstanding the lack of a fundamental change in their underlying business models or prospects. These broad market and industry factors, including potentially worsening economic conditions and other adverse effects or developments relating to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, may also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in 
 78 

substantial costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation. 
 We will incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies. 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses associated with public company reporting requirements. We also incur costs associated with corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. These rules and regulations impose significant legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, our management team consists of certain executive officers who have not previously managed and operated a public company. These executive officers and other personnel will need to devote substantial time to gaining expertise regarding operations as a public company and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers, which may adversely affect investor confidence and could cause our business or stock price to suffer. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition or a change in management. These provisions include a classified board of directors, a prohibition on actions by written consent of our stockholders and the ability of the board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our voting stock from merging or combining with us. Although we believe these provisions collectively will provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors, they would apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove then current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of the board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of management. 
 We do not anticipate that we will pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We expect to retain our future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of gain for our stockholders, if any, for the foreseeable future. 
 Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. 
 If existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market after legal restrictions on resale lapse, the trading price of our common stock could decline. Certain of our existing stockholders, including Columbia Threadneedle Investments, 683 Capital Management, BlackRock Institutional Trust, and The Vanguard Group, and their respective affiliated entities, own substantial ownership interest in our common stock and any decision to sell a significant number of shares may negatively impact the price of our common stock. 
 The ownership of our common stock is highly concentrated, and it may prevent stockholders from influencing significant corporate decisions and may result in conflicts of interest that could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Our executive officers, directors and 5 stockholders and their affiliates beneficially own or control a significant portion of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Accordingly, these executive officers, directors, 5 stockholders and their affiliates, acting as a group, have substantial influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets or any other significant corporate transactions. These stockholders may also delay or prevent a change of control of us, even if such a change of control would benefit our other stockholders. The 
 79 

significant concentration of stock ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock due to investors perception that conflicts of interest may exist or arise. 
 Our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes are now subject to limitations. 
 
 Our federal and state net operating loss (NOL) carry-forwards will begin to expire, if not utilized, beginning in 2030 for federal income tax purposes and 2028 for California state income tax purposes. These NOL carry-forwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. Under legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act), U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely but, in the case of tax years beginning after December 31, 2020, may only be used to offset 80 of taxable income annually. In addition, California recently enacted A.B. 85 which imposed limits on the usability of California state net operating losses and certain tax credits in tax years beginning after 2019 and before 2023. Such limitations could result in the expiration of portions of our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards before utilization. On February 9, 2022, Senate Bill No. 113 was signed into California law. This bill would reinstate the net operating loss deduction, and would remove the above-described temporary limitation on allowable credits, for taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2022. Moreover, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code (Section 382) the corporation s NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes arising from before the ownership change are subject to limitations on use after the ownership change. In general, an ownership change occurs if there is a cumulative change in the corporation s equity ownership by certain stockholders that exceeds fifty percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Our merger with Celladon resulted in such an ownership change and, accordingly, Celladon s NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes will be subject to further limitations on their use. In addition, we assessed whether Eiger had an ownership change, as defined by Section 382 of the Code, as a result of the Merger and other stock issuances that occurred from our formation through December 31, 2020. Based upon this assessment, we have experienced ownership changes on April 20, 2016, October 18, 2018 and December 31, 2020. Due to these ownership changes, reductions were made to our NOL and tax credit carryforwards under these rules. Additional ownership changes in the future could result in additional limitations on our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Consequently, even if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes, which could have a material adverse effect on cash flow and results of operations. A full valuation allowance has been provided for the entire amount of our remaining net operating losses. 
 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located at 2155 Park Blvd in Palo Alto, California 94306 in a facility we lease encompassing 8,029 square feet of office space. The lease commenced on March 1, 2018 and expires five years after the commencement date. The lease has one three-year renewal option prior to expiration and includes rent escalation clauses through the lease term. 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that in the opinion of our management, if determined adversely to us, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 80 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 On March 22, 2016, Celladon and Private Eiger completed the Merger. Immediately prior to the Merger, Celladon completed a 15-for-1 reverse stock split. Following the Merger, we changed the name of the combined company to Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and changed the symbol to EIGR. Our common stock originally began trading on The Nasdaq Global Market on January 30, 2014. Prior to January 30, 2014, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of March 7, 2022, there were approximately 17 stockholders of record of our common stock. Certain shares are held in street name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends, if permitted, will be made at the discretion of our board of directors. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table summarizes our compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2021: 

(a) 
 Number of 
 Securities to be 
 Issued Upon 
 Exercise of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, Warrants and Rights 

(b) 
 Weighted-Average 
 Exercise Price of 
 Outstanding 
 Options /share) 

(c) 
 Number of Shares 
 Remaining Available 
 For Issuance Under 
 Equity 
 Compensation Plans 
 (Excluding Securities 
 Reflected in Column 
 (a)) 

Plan Category 

(1) 

(2) 

Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (3) 

5,885,185 

10.24 

1,998,817 

Equity compensation plans not approved by 
 stockholders 

Total 

5,885,185 

10.24 

1,998,817 

(1) 
 
 The amount shown in column (a) includes 5,262,185 outstanding options and 623,000 restricted and performance stock units. 

(2) 
 
 The weighted average exercise price in column (b) includes options only as restricted and performance stock units do not have an exercise price. 

3 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the number of securities remaining available for issuance in column (c) includes 1,327,645 share available for future issuance in the form of options or restricted stock, restricted or performance stock units, or restricted stock awards under our Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and 2021 Inducement Plan and 671,172 shares remained available for future issuance under our 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). 

 ITEM 6. Reserved 
 
 81 

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis together with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, references to the terms the combined company, Eiger, the Company, we, our and us refer to Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly known as Celladon Corporation) and its subsidiaries after the merger described herein. The term Private Eiger refers to privately-held Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. prior to its merger with Celladon Merger Sub, Inc. a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celladon Corporation. The term Celladon refers to Celladon Corporation and its subsidiaries prior to the Merger. 
 Overview 
 We are a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of innovative therapies to treat and cure Hepatitis Delta Virus (HDV) and other serious diseases. All five of our rare disease programs have FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation. 
 Our HDV platform includes two first-in-class therapies in Phase 3 that target critical host processes involved in viral replication. Lonafarnib is a first-in-class oral farnesylation inhibitor and lambda is a first-in-class, type III, well-tolerated interferon. 
 D-LIVR is the pivotal Phase 3 study of lonafarnib boosted with ritonavir for HDV. The study recently completed enrollment of 407 patients and we expect topline data by the end of 2022. LIMT-2 is the pivotal Phase 3 study of lambda for HDV. 
 We previously reported positive Phase 2 proof of concept data in HDV for the following treatment regimens: lonafarnib boosted with ritonavir lambda and the combination of lonafarnib boosted with ritonavir and lambda. 
 We are also developing avexitide, a first in class, well-characterized GLP-1 antagonist, as a targeted treatment for two metabolic diseases with high unmet medical needs and no approved therapies: congenital hyperinsulinism (HI) and post-bariatric hypoglycemia (PBH). Avexitide has completed Phase 2 for both indications and we are planning for Phase 3 in 2022. 
 The FDA approved our first commercial product, Zokinvy (lonafarnib) to reduce risk of mortality of Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome (HGPS or Progeria) and for treatment of processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies with either heterozygous LMNA mutation with progerin-like protein accumulation, or homozygous or compound heterozygous ZMPSTE24 mutations, ultra-rare and rapidly fatal genetic conditions of accelerated aging in children, on November 20, 2020. Our Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) is under review with the EMA, and we expect an opinion from the CHMP in the first half of 2022. 
 We commercially launched Zokinvy in the U.S. in January 2021 and started to record product revenue in first quarter 2021. We have historically incurred operating losses in each year since inception but were profitable during the three months ended March 31, 2021 due to the one-time gain from the sale of a priority review voucher issued upon the FDA approval of Zokinvy. However, we expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We had net loss of 33.9 million, 65.1 million, and 70.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 340.4 million. Substantially all of our operating losses have resulted from expenses incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from selling, general and administrative costs associated with our operations. 
 We expect to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for at least the next several years as we initiate and continue the clinical development of, and seek regulatory approval for, and potentially commercialize our product candidates, which will require the addition of new personnel and upgrades to our information technology systems. We expect that our operating losses will fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year due to timing of clinical development programs and efforts to achieve additional regulatory approvals. 
 82 

Recent Developments 
 Update on Ukraine and Russia Clinical Trial Sites in D-LIVR, a Phase 3 Study of Lonafarnib-based Regimens in Patients with Chronic Hepatitis Delta Virus (HDV) Infection 
 In March 2022, we provided an update on the D-LIVR clinical trial sites in Ukraine and Russia. D-LIVR is a global Phase 3 study that has enrolled 407 patients across 116 clinical trial sites in 22 countries, including 5 sites in Ukraine. The D-LIVR design includes conservative powering assumptions, modeling response rates well below what was demonstrated in Phase 2. We believe that the study remains more than adequately powered to demonstrate statistical significance over placebo if these patients discontinue from the study. 
 In Russia, where there are 11 D-LIVR clinical trial sites, to date, there have been no interruptions to patient visits, safety monitoring, or drug supply. Eiger maintains a D-LIVR depot in Russia which will have sufficient drug supply for all patients through week 48. We have also developed contingency plans with our CRO to ensure continuity of drug supply, sample storage and analysis to preserve the integrity of the results. 
 Enrollment of First Patient in LIMT-2, a Phase 3 Study of Lambda in Patients with HDV Infection 
 In December 2021, we announced that the first patient was enrolled in LIMT-2, a Phase 3 study of 48-week treatment with lambda in patients with chronic hepatitis delta virus (HDV) infection. LIMT-2 will include 50 sites across 13 countries and a target enrollment of 150 patients. 
 Second Positive Interim Analysis and Continuation of Dosing of Lambda in Phase 3 TOGETHER Study of Newly Diagnosed COVID-19 Outpatients 
 In December 2021, we announced that an independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) recommended that investigators continue enrollment of the lambda arm in the Phase 3 TOGETHER investigator-sponsored platform study. This second, per protocol interim futility analysis was based on a sample size of 1,003 patients, randomized 1:1 active treatment to placebo. 
 Update on Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic on Clinical Development Activities and Business Operations 
 We have taken proactive steps to ensure the safety of patients and the integrity of our clinical studies. We have adequate clinical drug product supply for our studies and do not anticipate any interruption in availability of study drug to patients. 
 We do not anticipate any impact to our sales of Zokinvy, including availability of commercial drug supply. We previously announced that the EMA review of our MAA will follow a standard review timeline with a CHMP opinion expected in the first half of 2022. 
 We have put into place remote operations and new policies, which are in-line with local, state and federal guidelines, to maintain the safety and well-being of our employees, while working to maintain business continuity as this 
 83 

unprecedented global situation continues to evolve. W e continue to monitor the situation closely, including its potential effect on our clinical development plans and timelines. 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 Product Revenue, Net 
 Our product revenue, net consists of sales of Zokinvy (lonafarnib) for Progeria and processing deficient progeroid laminopathies in the United States and under a reimbursed early access program, or cohort ATU program, in France. Prior to 2021, we did not have any product revenue. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales consists primarily of direct and indirect costs related to the manufacturing of Zokinvy for commercial sale, including third-party manufacturing costs, third party logistics costs, write down of inventories, and other period costs. Costs incurred prior to FDA approval in November 2020 have been recorded as research and development expense. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses represent costs incurred to conduct research and development, such as the development of our product candidates. We recognize all research and development costs as they are incurred. Research and development expenses consist primarily of the following: 

expenses incurred under agreements with consultants, contract research organizations and clinical trial sites that conduct research and development activities on our behalf 

laboratory and vendor expenses related to the execution of clinical trials 

contract manufacturing expenses, primarily for the production of clinical trial supplies 

license fees associated with our license agreements and 

internal costs that are associated with activities performed by our research and development organization and generally benefit multiple programs. These costs are not separately allocated by product candidate. Unallocated internal research and development costs consist primarily of: 

o 
 
 personnel costs, which include salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense 

o 
 
 allocated facilities and other expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities and depreciation expense and 

o 
 
 regulatory expenses and technology license fees related to development activities. 

 The largest component of our operating expenses has historically been the investment in clinical trials, including contract manufacturing arrangements, clinical trial material related costs and other research and development activities. However, we do not allocate internal research and development costs, such as salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation expense and indirect costs to product candidates on a program-specific basis. The following table shows our research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Product candidates: 

Lonafarnib 

32,732 

25,051 

37,775 

Peginterferon Lambda 

17,322 

6,128 

1,935 

Avexitide 

3,082 

1,891 

3,834 

Internal research and development costs 

11,300 

8,520 

8,247 

Total research and development expense 

64,436 

41,590 

51,791 

84 

We expect research and development expenses will continue to be significant and may increase in the future as we advance our product candidates into and through later stage clinical trials and pursue regulatory approvals, which will require a significant investment in regulatory support and contract manufacturing and clinical trial material related costs. In addition, in the future we may evaluate opportunities to acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies, which may result in higher research and development expenses due to license fees and/or milestone payments. 
 The process of conducting clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming. We may never succeed in timely developing and achieving regulatory approval for our product candidates. The probability of success of our product candidates may be affected by numerous factors, including clinical data, competition, intellectual property rights, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. As a result, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our development projects or when and to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates. The COVID-19 pandemic presents additional risks and uncertainties associated with developing drugs, including: 

delays in trial activities and patient enrollment or diversion of healthcare resources as a result of the evolving effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise 

production shortages or other supply interruptions in clinical trial materials resulting from the evolving effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise 

our ability to hire and retain key research and development personnel 

the scope, rate of progress, results and expense of our ongoing, as well as any additional, clinical trials and other research and development activities and 

the timing and receipt of any regulatory approvals. 

 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of personnel costs, allocated expenses, expenses for outside professional services, including legal, audit, accounting services, insurance costs and costs associated with being a public company, and commercial related expenses. Personnel costs consist of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation. Allocated expenses consist of facilities and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, depreciation expense and other supplies. Our expenses include costs related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq, insurance, investor relations, banking fees and other administrative expenses and professional services. We expect our selling, general and administrative expenses to increase in the future due to sales and marketing activities from the commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest and amortization of the debt discount related to the Oxford Loan. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our investments in debt securities and cash equivalents. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net primarily consists of the gain we recognized in connection with the sale of our rare pediatric disease priority review voucher to AbbVie Inc., which closed in January 2021. 
 85 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities revenues, and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates and judgments. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates and assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the recording of revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 
 Accrued Research and Development Costs 
 We record accrued expenses for estimated costs of research and development activities conducted by external service providers, which include the conduct of clinical research and contract formulation and manufacturing activities. We record the estimated costs of development activities based upon the estimated amount of services provided but not yet invoiced and include these costs in accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and within research and development expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. We record accrued expenses for these costs based on the estimated amount of work completed and in accordance with agreements established with these external service providers. 
 We estimate the amount of work completed through discussions with internal personnel and external service providers as to the progress or stage of completion of the services and the agreed-upon fee to be paid for such services. We make judgments and estimates in determining the accrued balance in each reporting period. As actual costs become known, we adjust our accrued estimates. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, determined based on actual costs, or estimated net realizable value, on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventories consist of raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods. 
 Prior to regulatory approval of our product candidates, expenses incurred to manufacture drug products are recorded as research and development expense. We begin capitalizing these expenses as inventory upon regulatory approval. We periodically assess the recoverability of our inventory and reduce the carrying value of the inventory when items are determined to be obsolete, defective or in excess of forecasted sales requirements. Inventory write-downs for excess, defective and obsolete inventory are recorded as a cost of sales. There have been no write-downs of inventories for the periods presented. 
 Product revenue, net 
 We recognize product revenue when the customer obtains control of the product, which occurs at a point in time, typically upon delivery to the customer as the delivery of the product is our only performance obligation. 
 Product revenue is recorded at the net sales price (transaction price), which includes estimates of variable consideration resulting from rebates, prompt payment discounts, co-payment assistance, and returns. Amounts related to such items are estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period as additional information becomes available. The amount of variable consideration may be constrained and is included in the transaction price only to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Product revenue is recorded after considering the impact of the following variable consideration amounts along with the constraint at the time of revenue recognition: 
 Rebates: Our products are subject to government mandated rebates for Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Benefit Program, and other government health care programs in the United 
 86 

States. Rebate amounts are based upon contractual agreements or legal requirements with public sector benefit providers. We use the expected-value method for estimating these rebates based on statutory discount rates and expected utilization. The expected utilization of rebates is estimated based on expected coverage of identified patients. Estimates for these rebates are adjusted quarterly to reflect the most recent information. We record an accrued liability for unpaid rebates related to products for which control has been transferred to the customer. 
 Prompt payment discounts: We provide a discount to our customer if they pay for purchases within 30 days. We expect that our customer will earn prompt payment discounts and we use the most likely amount method for estimating such discounts. As a result, when revenues are recognized, we deduct the full amount of the prompt payment discounts from total product revenues and record these discounts as a reduction of accounts receivable. 
 Co-payment assistance: We provide co-payment assistance to patients who have commercial insurance and meet certain eligibility requirements. We use the expected-value method for estimating co-payment assistance based on estimates of program redemption using data provided by third-party administrators. Estimates for the co-payment assistance are adjusted quarterly to reflect actual experience. We record an accrued liability for unredeemed co-payment assistance related to products for which control has been transferred to the customer. 
 Product returns: We offer limited product return rights and generally allow for the return of product that is damaged or defective, or within a few months prior to and up to a few months after the product expiration date. We consider several factors in the estimation of potential product returns, including expiration dates of the product shipped, the limited product return rights, third-party data in monitoring channel inventory levels, shelf life of the product, and other relevant factors. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We recognize compensation costs related to stock options and restricted stock units based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the grant date. We estimate the grant date fair value of stock options, and the resulting stock-based compensation expense, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The grant date fair value of the stock-based awards is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective awards. We record forfeitures when they occur. 
 The Black-Scholes option-pricing model includes the following assumptions: 
 Expected Term. Our expected term represents the period that our stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and is determined using the simplified method (based on the mid-point between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term). 
 Expected Volatility. Since we have only been publicly traded for a short period and do not have adequate trading history for our common stock, the expected volatility was estimated based on the average volatility for comparable publicly traded biopharmaceutical companies over a period equal to the expected term of the stock option grants. The comparable companies were chosen based on their similar size, stage in the life cycle, or area of specialty. Beginning in the third quarter of 2019, as we had been publicly traded for four and a half years, we began to layer in our historical volatility in the calculation of expected volatility. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of option. 
 Expected Dividend. We have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Therefore, we used an expected dividend yield of zero. 
 We use the contractual term to determine the non-employee awards fair value at the grant date. The contractual term of options granted under the Plan is 10 years. Our Board of Directors determined the fair value of each share of underlying common stock based on the closing price of our common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Market on the date of grant. 
 87 

We estimate the fair value of restricted stock units based on the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant and the resulting stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the awards. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 The following table summarizes results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 

Increase / 
 (Decrease) 

Change 

2021 

2020 

Product revenue, net 

12,142 

12,142 

Costs and operating expenses: 

Cost of sales 

745 

745 

Research and development 

64,436 

41,590 

22,846 

55 

Selling, general and administrative 

23,900 

20,559 

3,341 

16 

Total costs and operating expenses 

89,081 

62,149 

26,932 

43 

Loss from operations 

(76,939 

(62,149 

(14,790 

24 

Interest expense 

(3,559 

(3,594 

35 

(1 

Interest income 

158 

704 

(546 

(78 

Other income (expense), net 

46,487 

(12 

46,499 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

(33,853 

(65,051 

31,198 

(48 

Provision for income taxes 

64 

64 

Net loss 

(33,917 

(65,051 

31,134 

(48 

Percentage not meaningful or not material. 
 Product revenue, net 
 Product revenue, net consists of sales of Zokinvy, which was approved by the FDA in November 2020 and launched commercially in January 2021. 
 Cost of sales 
 Cost of sales of 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, is related to certain costs associated with Zokinvy that were incurred after FDA approval. Prior to receiving FDA approval in November 2020, we recorded all Zokinvy manufacturing costs incurred as research and development expense. We sold inventory previously expensed to research and development over the current year, and we expect our costs of product sales of Zokinvy to increase as a percentage of net product revenue in future periods as we produce and sell inventory that reflects the full cost of manufacturing the product. There were no cost of sales prior to 2021. 
 Research and development expenses 
 
 Research and development expenses increased by 22.8 million to 64.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, from 41.6 million for the same period in 2020. The increase was primarily due to a 20.9 million increase in contract manufacturing and clinical expenditures due to an increase in clinical program activities, a 2.4 million increase in compensation and personnel related expenses, including stock-based compensation, due to an increase in headcount, and a 2.2 million increase in professional services, including supporting investigator sponsored studies, offset by less regulatory related consulting spend associated with Progeria. The increase was partially offset by a decrease of 2.8 million related to milestone payments, which occurred in 2020 related to the BMS License Agreement with no similar expense recorded in 2021. 
 88 

Selling, g eneral and administrative expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 3.3 million to 23.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, from 20.6 million for the same period in 2020. The increase was primarily due to a 2.1 million increase in professional services, including consulting, advisory and accounting services due to support the growth of the Company and a 1.8 million increase in compensation and personnel related expenses, including stock-based compensation, due to an increase in headcount. The increase was partially offset by a decrease of 0.5 million in sales and marketing related expenses, which were incurred in 2020 to support the U.S. launch of Zokinvy. 
 
 Interest income 
 
 Interest income decreased by 0.5 million to 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, from 0.7 million for the same period in 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in interest rates on money market funds and available-for-sale securities. 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 
 Other income (expense), net increased by 46.5 million compared to the same period in 2020. The increase was primarily due to net proceeds received from the sale of our rare pediatric disease priority review voucher to AbbVie Inc., which closed in January 2021. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Provision for income taxes increased by 64,000 compared to the same period in 2020. The increase was primarily due to the tax expense related to state taxes. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, we had 88.8 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term debt securities, comprised of 22.2 million of cash and cash equivalents and 66.6 million of short-term debt securities available-for-sale, and an accumulated deficit of 340.4 million. In addition, as of December 31, 2021, we had 17.3 million of long-term debt securities available-for-sale. The total cash, cash equivalents, short-term debt securities, and long-term debt securities was 106.1 million. 
 On December 18, 2020, we filed a new shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-251497) with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which permits the offering, issuance and sale by us up to a maximum aggregate offering price of 200.0 million of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants. Up to a maximum of 50.0 million of the maximum aggregate offering price of 200.0 million may be issued and sold pursuant to an ATM financing facility (the ATM Facility) under a sales agreement with Jefferies. In December 2021, we completed ATM offerings for a total of 565,938 shares of our common stock under the ATM Facility. The offerings were made under Eiger s effective shelf registration statement and resulted in net proceeds to the Company of 3.0 million, after deducting commissions. 
 We believe that the currently available resources will be sufficient to fund our planned operations for at least the next 12 months following the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements. However, if our anticipated operating results are not achieved in future periods, we believe that planned expenditures may need to be reduced or we would be required to raise funding in order to fund our operations. Additionally, our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Our primary uses of cash are to fund operating expenses, including research and development expenditures and selling, general and administrative expenditures. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 89 

Future Funding Requirements 
 Prior to 2021, we had not generated any product revenue. We launched our first commercial product, Zokinvy, in January 2021. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing development and manufacturing activities, particularly as we continue the research, development, manufacture and clinical trials of, and seek regulatory approval for, our other product candidates. 
 Our primary uses of capital are, and we expect will continue to be, funding the development of our product candidates, sales and marketing costs for commercialization of Zokinvy and our other product candidates, compensation and related expenses, hiring additional staff, including clinical, scientific, operational, financial, and management personnel, and costs associated with operating as a public company. We expect to incur substantial expenditures in the foreseeable future for the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We plan to continue to fund losses from operations and capital funding needs through future equity and/or debt financings, as well as potential additional collaborations or strategic partnerships with other companies. As a result of economic conditions, general global economic uncertainty, political change and other factors, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we do not know whether additional capital will be available when needed, or that, if available, we will be able to obtain additional capital on reasonable terms. If we are unable to raise additional capital due to the volatile global financial markets, general economic uncertainty or other factors, we may need to curtail planned development or commercialization activities. The sale of additional equity or convertible debt could result in additional dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. We can provide no assurance that financing will be available in the amounts we need or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are not able to secure adequate additional funding we may be forced to delay, make reductions in spending, extend payment terms with suppliers, liquidate assets where possible, and/or suspend or curtail planned programs. Any of these actions could materially harm our business. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 Leases 
 In October 2017, we entered into a non-cancelable operating facility lease agreement commencing on March 1, 2018 and expiring in February 2023. We also have additional operating leases that are included in our lease accounting but are not considered significant for disclosure. Refer to Note 13 of our consolidated financial statements included within Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2021. 
 Asset and License Agreements 
 We are obligated to make future payments to third parties under asset purchase and license agreements, including royalties and payments that become due and payable on the achievement of certain development and commercialization milestones. 
 Product Development Agreements 
 On August 11, 2018, we entered into a Product Development Agreement and a First Project Agreement (the Product Agreements), pursuant to which we will receive development program support services for the HDV program. The services are to be provided from July 1, 2018 through the new drug application (NDA) filing. The Product Agreements can be terminated by either party due to material breach or by us without cause with 90 days prior written notice. Refer to Note 5 on this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details and description of our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2021. 
 Oxford Finance Term Loan 
 On December 30, 2016, we entered into an aggregate 25.0 million loan with Oxford Finance LLC (the Oxford Loan). On March 5, 2019, we entered into the third amendment to the Oxford Loan (the Amended Oxford Loan) to refinance the Oxford Loan. The Amended Oxford Loan increased the aggregate amount available to be borrowed to 
 90 

35.0 million and extended the maturity date to March 1, 2024. On March 5, 2019, prior to entering into the Amended Oxford Loan, the outstanding balance of the Oxford Loan was 23.3 million. At the time of entering into the Amended Oxford Loan, we borrowed an additional 6.7 million in principal under the Amended Oxford Loan, which increased the total amount borrowed to 30.0 million (Amended Tranche A). On February 23, 2021, we entered into the fifth amendment to the Oxford Loan. The amendment extended the interest only period by 17 months until September 1, 2022, followed by 19 equal monthly payments of principal and interest. On October 6, 2021, we entered into the sixth amendment to the Oxford Loan. As a result, the Amended Oxford Loan will bear interest at the LIBOR replacement rate which is the sum of the alternate benchmark rate and the LIBOR replacement spread. As of December 31, 20 21, we were in compliance with all loan terms. Refer to Note 8 of our consolidated financial statements included within Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details related to the terms of this loan agreement. 
 Manufacturing Service Agreement 
 In 2020, we entered into a Master Manufacturing Services Agreement (MMSA) and Product Agreement with Patheon, Inc. (Patheon) for the manufacturing of lonafarnib capsules and packaging of bottles for commercial sale. Under the terms of the agreements, we are required to provide Patheon with annual volume forecasts of capsules and Patheon will manufacture 80 percent of actual manufacturing volume. If we order more than 20 percent of manufacturing volume from other manufacturers, we are required to pay 70 percent of purchase price to Patheon for the shortfall. The initial terms of the MMSA and Product Agreement end on December 31, 2025 with automatic renewal for successive two-year terms, unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms of each agreement, or upon either party s notice of termination to the other. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the periods presented, we did not have, nor do we currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under the rules of the SEC and do not have any holdings in variable interest entities. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

(71,342 

(63,185 

Investing activities 

61,532 

(44,787 

Financing activities 

3,167 

97,463 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

(6,643 

(10,509 

Cash flows from operating activities 
 Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 71.3 million, which primarily consisted of a net loss of 33.9 million, a 46.5 million gain from the sale of a priority review voucher and 0.3 million income related to an asset purchase agreement which were partially offset by stock-based compensation expense of 7.9 million, amortization of debt securities premiums and discounts of 1.0 million, non-cash interest expense of 0.8 million, amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets of 0.5 million, depreciation and amortization of 0.3 million, and common stock issued under Product Development Agreement of 0.2 million. Additionally, cash used in operating activities reflected changes in net operating assets of 1.3 million due to an increase of 2.4 million in inventory, an increase of 2.6 million in accounts receivable, an increase of 0.6 million in other assets, an increase of 0.7 million in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and a decrease of 0.5 million in operating lease liabilities, partially offset by an overall increase of 5.5 million in accounts payable and accrued liabilities primarily due to the timing of payments. 
 Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2020 was 63.2 million, which primarily consisted of a net loss of 65.1 million, partially offset by stock-based compensation expense of 6.0 million, non-cash interest expense of 0.8 million, amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets of 0.5 million and common stock issued under Product Development Agreement of 0.2 million. Additionally, cash used in operating activities 
 91 

reflected changes in net operating assets of 5.9 million due to an increase of 3.6 million in prepaid expenses and other current assets primarily due to the timing of payments , an increase of 1.4 million in other assets primarily related to long term deposits with clinical research organizations , a decrease of 0.4 million in accounts payable and accrued liabilities due to timing of payments and a decrease of 0.5 million in operating lease liabilities 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 61.5 million, primarily consisting of 99.6 million of proceeds from maturities of debt securities, 46.5 million of net proceeds received from the sale of our priority review voucher, which were partially offset by 84.6 million of purchases of debt securities. 
 Cash used in investing activities was 44.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily consisting of 128.3 million of purchases of debt securities, partially offset by 83.8 million of proceeds from maturities of debt securities. 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 3.2 million, which primarily consisted of 3.0 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the ATM Facility and 0.7 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock upon stock option exercises and ESPP purchase, partially offset by 0.3 million payments of common stock offering costs and 0.2 million in debt issuance costs. 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2020 was 97.5 million and primarily consisted of 96.8 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock under ATM facilities and 0.7 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock upon stock option exercises and ESPP purchase. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included within Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recent accounting pronouncements adopted and not yet adopted for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 92 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 San Francisco, California 
 March 10, 2022 

93 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term debt securities 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Long-term debt securities 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt, net 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized as of 
 December 31, 2021 and 2020 and shares issued 
 and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

94 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Product revenue, net 

Costs and operating expenses: 

Cost of sales 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total costs and operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Other income (expense), net 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 95 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale debt securities, net 

Comprehensive loss 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 . 

96 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

Common Stock 

Additional 
 Paid-In 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2018 

Issuance of common stock upon public 
 offering, net of of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock upon ESPP purchase 

Issuance of common stock upon 
 stock option exercise 

Vesting of common stock under 
 Product Development Agreement 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Unrealized gain on available-for-sale debt securities, net 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

Issuance of common stock upon offering 
 at-the-market, net of of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock upon ESPP purchase 

Issuance of common stock upon 
 stock option exercise 

Vesting of common stock under 
 Product Development Agreement 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale debt securities, net 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock upon offering 
 at-the-market, net of of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock upon ESPP purchase 

Issuance of common stock upon 
 stock option exercise 

Issuance of common stock upon release of 
 restricted stock units 

Vesting of common stock under 
 Product Development Agreement 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale debt securities, net 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

97 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain from sale of priority review vouches 

Income related to asset purchase agreement 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt securities premiums and discounts 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash interest expense 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Common stock issued under Product Development Agreement 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Purchase of debt securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds from maturities of debt securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds related to asset purchase agreement 

Proceeds from sale of priority review voucher 

Payments related to priority review voucher 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash provided by (used) in investing activities 

Financing Activities 

Issuance of common stock upon offering at-the-market, net of commissions 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon stock option exercises 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon ESPP purchase 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

Common stock offering costs 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon public offering, 
 net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from borrowings in connection with term loan, 
 net of issuance costs 

Repayment of accrued exit fee and second amendment fee 

Repayment of term loan 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 98 

Eiger Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 . Eiger is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of innovative therapies to treat and cure Hepatitis Delta Virus (HDV), the most severe form of viral hepatitis, and other serious diseases. All five of our rare disease programs have FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation. 
 The Eiger HDV platform includes two first-in-class therapies in Phase 3 that target critical host processes involved in viral replication. Lonafarnib is a first-in-class oral farnesylation inhibitor and peginterferon lambda (lambda) is a first-in-class, type III, well-tolerated interferon. Both lonafarnib and lambda are in global Phase 3 trials. 
 The FDA approved the Company s first commercial product, Zokinvy (lonafarnib) for treatment of Progeria and processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies, ultra-rare and rapidly fatal genetic conditions of accelerated aging in children, on November 20, 2020. Eiger s Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) is under review with the European Medicines Agency (EMA), with a decision expected in the second half of 2022 . 
 The Company is also developing avexitide, a well-characterized peptide, as a treatment for post-bariatric hypoglycemia (PBH), a debilitating and potentially life-threatening condition for which there is currently no approved therapy, and as a treatment for congenital hyperinsulinism (HI), an ultra-rare pediatric metabolic disorder. 
 The Company s principal operations are based in Palo Alto, California and it operates in segment. 
 Liquidity 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company had million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities, comprised of million of cash and cash equivalents and million of short-term debt securities available-for-sale. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had million of long-term debt securities available-for-sale. The Company had an accumulated deficit of million and negative cash flows from operating activities as of December 31, 2021. As the Company continues to incur losses, its transition to profitability will depend on the successful development, approval, and commercialization of product candidates and on the achievement of sufficient revenues to support its cost structure. The Company may never achieve profitability, and until it does, the Company will need to continue to raise additional capital . 
 Management believes that the currently available resources will be sufficient to fund its planned operations for at least the next 12 months following the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements. However, if the Company s anticipated operating results are not achieved in future periods, the Company believes that planned expenditures may need to be reduced or it would be required to raise funding in order to fund the operations. Additionally, the Company s ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
 99 
 
 supply chain for each of its product candidates. If any of the single source suppliers in any of the supply chains fail to satisfy the Company s requirements on a timely basis, it could suffer delays in its clinical development programs and activities, which could adversely affect its operating results. 
 Two customers accounted for approximately percent and percent of the Company s accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021. One customer accounted for approximately percent of product revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company did not have accounts receivable or revenue in 2020. years 

Furniture 

years 

Leasehold improvements 

Shorter of remaining lease term or 5 years 

Computer equipment and software 

years 

100 
 
 t impaired any long-lived assets. allowance as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company had bad debt expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. write-downs of inventories for the periods presented. 
 101 

102 

103 
 
 interest or penalties charged in relation to unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limits the use of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards in certain situations where changes occur in the stock ownership of a company. In the event that the Company experiences a change of ownership, utilization of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be restricted. 
 104 

Restricted stock units (unvested) 

ESPP 

Total 

105 
 
 assets or liabilities classified as Level 3 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 There were transfers into or out of Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the periods presented. 

Corporate debt securities 

U.S. government bonds 

Total 

December 31, 2020 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Financial assets: 

Money market funds 

Corporate debt securities 

Commercial paper 

U.S. treasury bills 

U.S. government bonds 

Total 

There were financial liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 106 

Total cash equivalents 

Debt securities: 

Corporate debt securities 

U.S. government bonds 

Total debt securities 

Classified as: 

Cash equivalents 

Short-term debt securities 

Long-term debt securities 

December 31, 2020 

Amortized cost 

Unrealized gain 

Unrealized loss 

Estimated Fair Value 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 

Total cash equivalents 

Debt securities: 

Corporate debt securities 

Commercial paper 

U.S. treasury bills 

U.S. government bonds 

Total debt securities 

Classified as: 

Cash equivalents 

Short-term debt securities 

The Company periodically reviews the available-for-sale securities for other-than-temporary impairment loss. The Company considers factors such as the duration, severity and the reason for the decline in value, the potential recovery period and its intent to sell. For debt securities, it also considers whether (i) it is more likely than n ot that the Company will be required to sell the debt securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis, and (ii) the amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did t recognize any other-than-temporary impairment losses. All debt securities with unrealized losses have been in a loss position for less than 12 months. 
 107 

Work-in-progress 

Finished goods 

Total inventories 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Furniture 

Leasehold improvements 

Lab equipment 

Construction in progress 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 

Prepaid research costs 

Prepaid insurance 

Other 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued Liabilities 

Contract manufacturing costs 

Compensation and related benefits 

Product revenue reserves 

Other 

Total accrued liabilities 

108 

million, which is recorded in research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2019. In addition, the Company is obligated to pay UPenn a specified annual license maintenance fee, up to million in certain regulatory milestones, and up to million in commercial milestones. The Company will also be required to pay UPenn a flat royalty in the low-single digits on net sales of all licensed products by the Company, subject to specified reductions and offsets, and specified minimum annual royalty payments. The Company s obligation to pay royalties expires on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, on the later of: (i) the expiration of the last valid claim in the licensed patents in any country, or (ii) the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the product in such country. milestones have been achieved as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Company may terminate the UPenn/CHOP Agreement in its entirety for any reason by providing prior written notice to UPenn and CHOP. UPenn or CHOP may terminate the UPenn/CHOP Agreement, upon a written notice, for the Company s failure to achieve the specified diligence milestones within the specified periods, subject to the Company s extension rights. 
 Product Development Agreement 
 
 On August 11, 2018, the Company entered into a Product Development Agreement and a First Project Agreement (the Product Agreements), pursuant to which the Company will receive development program support services for its HDV program. The services are to be provided from July 1, 2018 through the new drug application (NDA) filing. As consideration, the Company has committed to pay fees of approximately million in cash and stock over four years, including approximately million for expert consultant fees and pass through costs to vendors, plus certain incentive-based regulatory milestone fees up to million. As part of the aggregate payment, the Company issued shares of common stock subject to quarterly vesting requirements related to successful performance of the services and achievement of budget timeline set forth in the Product Agreements. The Product Agreements can be terminated by either party due to material breach or by the Company without cause with days prior written notice. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company recognized research and development expense of million, million and million, respectively, related to the shares issued under the Product Agreements . Additionally, as of December 31, 2021, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted shares was not material, which the Company expects to recognize over an estimated weighted-average period of years. 
 Progeria Research Foundation (PRF) Collaboration Agreement 
 On May 15, 2018, the Company entered into a Collaboration and Supply Agreement (the PRF Collaboration Agreement) with PRF. Under the PRF Collaboration Agreement, the parties agreed to collaborate with respect to the development and pursuit of regulatory approval of lonafarnib for the treatment of progeria and progeroid laminopathies in humans. PRF granted the Company a non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty-free, sub-licensable license pertaining to all intellectual property and data controlled by PRF to prepare and file any NDA for a product containing lonafarnib for progeria and progeroid laminopathies. The Company is obligated to: (i) exclusively supply lonafarnib to PRF for use in clinical trials and non-clinical research in progeria and progeroid laminopathies at the 
 109 
 
 million. The PRF Collaboration Agreement continues for an initial term of and automatically renews for subsequent renewal terms of each unless either party terminates earlier. 
 Bristol-Meyers Squibb License Agreement 
 On April 20, 2016, the Company and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMS) entered into a License Agreement (the BMS License Agreement) and a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the BMS Purchase Agreement). 
 Under the BMS License Agreement, BMS granted the Company an exclusive, worldwide, license to research, develop, manufacture, and sell products containing PEG-interferon Lambda-1a (the Licensed Product) for all therapeutic and diagnostic uses in humans and animals. The Company is responsible for the development and commercialization of the Licensed Product at its sole cost and expense. The Company paid BMS million and issued shares of its common stock at an aggregate fair value of million in April 2016. The BMS License Agreement also includes development and regulatory milestone payments totaling million and commercial sales milestones of up to million. The Company is obligated to pay BMS annual net sales royalties in the range of mid-single to mid-teens, depending on net sales levels. In fourth quarter 2020, the Company recorded in research and development expense a million milestone, triggered on successful demonstration of proof of concept, as defined by the BMS License Agreement, in a Phase 2 clinical trial. The next milestone of million is related to the initiation of a Phase 3 clinical trial, as defined by the BMS License Agreement, and is expected to be achieved in the first quarter of 2022. 
 Merck License Agreement 
 In September 2010, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with Schering Corporation, subsequently acquired by Merck & Co., Inc. (Merck), which provides the Company with the exclusive right to develop, manufacture, and sell products containing the compounds lonafarnib for the treatment of all human viruses except certain specified viruses such as hepatitis B and hepatitis C alone. As part of consideration, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of million. million in development milestones and will be required to pay tiered royalties based on aggregate annual net sales of all licensed products ranging from mid-single to low double-digit royalties on net sales. In May 2015, the first regulatory milestone was achieved and the Company paid the related milestone payment of million to Merck. additional milestones have been achieved as of December 31, 2021. The next milestone of million is triggered on positive Phase 3 data, which is expected by end of 2022. 
 On May 15, 2018, the Company entered into an amendment to the exclusive license agreement with Merck, which provides for expansion of the existing exclusively licensed field of use under the license agreement with Merck to include all uses of lonafarnib related to the treatment of Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome (HGPS or Progeria) in humans at no cost to the Company. On November 3, 2020, the Company entered into an amendment to the exclusive license agreement with Merck which expanded the definition of progeria to also include progeroid laminopathies. The Company has the sole responsibility and the continuing obligation for the manufacture and supply of lonafarnib to the PRF. Merck will not receive milestone payments in relation to lonafarnib for the treatment of progeria and progeroid laminopathies or any royalty payments for sales of a specified quantity of lonafarnib to treat the currently estimated progeria and progeroid laminopathies patient population worldwide. 
 110 
 
 million when the agreement was executed in December 2010. Additionally, t he Company will pay EGI a low single-digit royalty based on aggregate annual net sales of products developed using the intellectual property. million for each contract for the three types of product related to such intellectual property that would reduce the payment term for the three products to the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale. As of December 31, 2021 , the product has not achieved regulatory approval. 
 Avexitide Purchase Agreement and Related Stanford License Agreement 
 In September 2015, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with two individuals, Dr. Tracey McLaughlin and Dr. Colleen Craig, (the Sellers), whereby the Company purchased all of the assets related to the compound avexitide (formerly known as exendin 9-39) including any related intellectual property from the Sellers (the Exendin APA). The Company also entered into a consulting agreement with the Sellers as part of the agreement. The Company issued shares of common stock that were valued at million and with the option to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share when the agreement was executed in September 2015. 
 Of the 46,134 options to purchase common stock, 15,378 shares vest monthly over as services are provided by the Sellers and vest upon the earlier of the first commercial sale of the product or the approval of new drug application by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the milestone-vested options). 
 On March 22, 2016, immediately following the closing of the merger, the Company issued additional top-up options to the Sellers to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock, pursuant to the terms of the Exendin APA, with an exercise price of per share. The top-up options consist of both time-vested and milestone-vested options. 
 The fair value of the time-vested options is recognized as stock-based compensation expense as the awards vest over time. The fair value of the milestone-vested options will be recognized as research and development expense when it is probable that the earliest milestone will be achieved at their fair value as of the ASU 2018-07 adoption date. During the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company recognized million, million and million of compensation expense related to the time-vested options, respectively. expense was recognized for the milestone vested options during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 The Company is also obligated to pay development milestone payments in an aggregate amount of up to million to each Seller. Additionally, the Company is obligated to pay each Seller royalties of low single-digits based on aggregate annual net sales of all products developed based on avexitide, subject to certain reductions and exceptions. The Company s obligation to pay royalties expires on the expiration of the last to expire patent assigned to the Company under the agreement. Additionally, the Company has assumed the license agreement the Sellers had previously entered into with the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University (Stanford). The Company is obligated to pay a royalty to Stanford in the low single-digits on annual net sales after the first commercial sale of any products developed based on avexitide. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has paid a total of million in milestone payments to each of the Sellers related to the successful completion of the Phase 2 trials. 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with AbbVie Inc. 
 On November 20, 2020, Eiger entered into an asset purchase agreement (the APA) with AbbVie, Inc. (AbbVie) to sell its rare pediatric disease priority review voucher (the PRV), which was awarded on November 20, 2020 upon FDA approval of Zokinvy. The APA contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, and indemnification provisions subject to certain limitations. 
 111 
 
 million. The transaction closed in January 2021. Such consideration was shared with the Progeria Research Foundation (PRF) in accordance with the terms of the PRF Collaboration and Supply Agreement, pursuant to which the Company and PRF will equally share any net proceeds from the sale of a priority review voucher that the Company may receive as the sponsor of a rare pediatric disease product application. The Company retained million of proceeds from the sale of the PRV, net of related payments, and recorded the amount in other income, net in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 million and shares of common stock of Theragene. At any time after the Theragene APA execution date and until Theragene has received cumulative gross proceeds of million (Proceeds Date) from all equity financing transactions occurring after the Theragene APA execution date, if Theragene issues additional shares of its common stock without consideration or for a consideration per share less than per share then Theragene will issue additional shares of its common stock to the Company concurrently with such issue, in an amount such that the per share consideration multiplied by the aggregate number of common stock shares issued to the Company will equal million. Additionally, the Company may exercise a put option at any time after the Proceeds Date, where upon written notice from the Company, Theragene will repurchase the shares of its common stock held by the Company (Option Shares) at an aggregate purchase price equal to the greater of million or the aggregate fair market value of the Option Shares as of the date of the receipt of such notice. The Company is also eligible to receive contingent consideration up to a maximum million in cash, based upon Theragene achieving certain specified future milestones. In addition, the Company is also eligible to receive up to royalties on net sales of any future Theragene products covered by or involving the related patents or know-how until the twentieth anniversary of the Theragene APA. 
 The Company has determined that the sale of the MYDICAR assets qualify as an asset sale and not a business. 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Theragene APA, the Company became the owner of shares of common stock of Theragene and held a put option for shares of common stock of Theragene, which were recognized as a cost method investment with carrying value of . 
 In September 2020, Theragene entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with a third party for the sale of MYDICAR. Under the terms of the Theragene APA between the Company and Theragene, the Company is eligible to receive of any upfront, licensee fee, milestone or other payment (other than royalty payments) received by Theragene from the sale or sublicense of MYDICAR, within 30 days of receipt of such payments by Theragene. As such, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million in other income (expense), net. The Company expects to receive an additional million subsequent to December 31, 2021. 
 million loan with Oxford Finance LLC (the Oxford Loan) with a maturity date of . The Company borrowed million in December 2016 (Tranche A). In May 2018, the Company entered into an amendment to the Oxford Loan and borrowed million (Tranche B). On August 3, 2018, the Company borrowed the remaining million (Tranche C) under the Oxford Loan. 
 112 
 
 million and extended the maturity date to . On March 5, 2019, prior to entering into the Amended Oxford Loan, the outstanding balance of the Oxford Loan was million. At the time of entering into the Amended Oxford Loan, the Company borrowed an additional million in principal under the Amended Oxford Loan, which increased the total amount borrowed to million (Amended Tranche A). The remaining million (Amended Tranche B) was available to the Company provided that certain milestones are achieved by February 2021. The Company d id not draw down the Amended Tranche B . 
 On February 23, 2021, the Company entered into the fifth amendment to the Oxford Loan. The amendment extended the interest only period by months until September 1, 2022, followed by 19 equal monthly payments of principal and interest. Upon the receipt of the Amended Tranche B, the interest only period for borrowed funds will be extended by until March 1, 2023, followed by 13 equal monthly payments of principal plus accrued interest. In addition, the Company paid an amendment fee of million to the lender on the effective date of the fifth amendment, which was recorded as an additional debt discount and is being amortized over the remaining term of the Amended Oxford Loan. The Amended Tranche B is now available to the Company provided certain milestones are achieved by August 2022. 
 On October 6, 2021, the Company entered into the sixth amendment to the Oxford Loan. Prior to the sixth amendment, the Amended Oxford Loan bore interest at a or . The latest amendment replaces this rate with the LIBOR replacement rate upon a LIBOR transition event. As a result, the Amended Oxford Loan will bear interest at the LIBOR replacement rate which is the sum of the alternate benchmark rate and the LIBOR replacement spread. 
 At the time of final payment, the Company is required to pay an exit fee of of the original principal balance of borrowed funds, or million. In addition, the Company is required to pay an additional exit fee of million . The Company recorded as a liability and debt discount the exit fee for the Amended Oxford Loan. At the date of the Amended Oxford Loan, the Company paid million for the accrued portion of the Oxford Loan exit fee and the Tranche B additional exit fee. 
 The Company is also required to pay a success fee of the total amount drawn under the Amended Oxford Loan within days following the FDA s approval of the Company s first product, excluding Zokinvy for treatment of Progeria processing-deficient progeroid laminopathies. This fee is enforceable within years from the funding of Amended Tranche A. The Company determined that the success fee met the scope exemption from derivative accounting and should be accounted for under the guidance for contingencies. Accordingly, the Company will record a liability for the success fee upon receipt of approval from the FDA. The Amended Oxford Loan includes contingent interest features and mandatory prepayment features upon an event of default that meet the definition of a derivative but were not bifurcated from the debt instrument as their fair value was deemed to be insignificant . In connection with the execution of the Oxford Loan, the Company agreed to certain customary representations and warranties. 
 The refinancing of the Oxford Loan did not have a material impact on terms, conditions, representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in the Oxford Loan. The loan is secured by the perfected first priority liens on the Company's assets, including a commitment by the Company to not allow any liens to be placed upon the Company s intellectual property. If the Company is unable to comply with these covenants or if the Company defaults on any portion of the outstanding borrowings, the lenders can also impose a penalty, restrict access to additional borrowings under the loan and security agreement, As of December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 The Company is permitted to make voluntary prepayments of the Amended Oxford Loan with a prepayment fee, of the loan prepaid during the first 12 months and (ii) of the loan prepaid in months 13-24. The Company is required to make mandatory prepayments of the outstanding loan upon the acceleration by lender following the occurrence of an event of default, along with a payment of the final payment, the prepayment fee and any other obligations that are due and payable at the time of prepayment. 
 113 

Exit fee 

Unamortized debt discount associated with exit fee, debt issuance costs and 
 loan origination fees 

Total long term debt, net 

Less: current portion of long-term debt 

Long-term debt, net 

2023 

2024 

Total future payments 

Less: unamortized interest 

Less: exit fee 

Face value of term loan 

dividends had been declared by the Board of Directors. 
 In April 2019, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock, including shares sold upon full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of common stock, at a price of per share. The offering was made under the Company s effective shelf registration statement and resulted in net proceeds to the Company of million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. 
 In December 2019, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-235655) with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which permits the offering, issuance and sale of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of million of the Company s common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants. Up to a maximum of million of the maximum aggregate offering price of million may be issued and sold pursuant to an at-the-market (ATM) financing facility (2019 ATM Facility) under a sales agreement with Jefferies LLC (Jefferies). In August 2020, the Company entered into a new sales agreement with Jefferies for up to million of the remaining amount on the shelf registration statement which may be sold pursuant to an ATM financing facility (2020 ATM Facility). 
 As of December 31, 2020, the Company had sold all shares available under both the 2019 ATM Facility and the 2020 ATM Facility for a total of shares resulting in million in net proceeds, after deducting commissions. 
 In December 2020, the Company filed a new shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-251497) with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which permits the offering, issuance and sale by the Company up to a 
 114 
 
 million of its common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants. Up to a maximum of million of the maximum aggregate offering price of mil lion may be issued and sold pursuant to a n ATM financing facility the ATM Facility) under a sales agreement with Jefferies. In December 2021, the Company completed ATM offerings for a total of shares of common stock under the ATM Facility . The offerings were made under Eiger s effective shelf registration statement and resulted in net proceeds to the Company of million, after deducting commissions. 

Options available for future grants 

Restricted and performance stock units outstanding 

Shares available for issuance under ESPP 

Total 

of the voting rights of all classes of stock, the exercise prices for incentive and non-statutory stock options may not be less than of fair market value, as determined by the Board of Directors. The terms of options granted under the Rested 2013 Plan may not exceed . The vesting schedule of newly issued option grants is generally . As of December 31, 2021, the Company is authorized to issue up to shares under the Restated 2013 Plan. 
 2021 Inducement Plan 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the Company approved the 2021 Inducement Plan to reserve 850,000 shares of its common stock to be used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals that were not previously employees or directors of the Company as a material inducement to such individuals entry into employment with the Company within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. As of December 31, 2021, there were 625,000 shares remaining available to be issued under the 2021 Inducement Plan. 
 115 

7.55 

Additional options authorized 

Granted 

Restricted stock units granted 

Performance stock units granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited or cancelled 

Restricted stock units forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

7.25 

Vested and exercisable as of December 
 31, 2021 

6.11 

The aggregate intrinsic values of options outstanding, exercisable, vested and expected to vest were calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the options and the closing price of the Company s common stock of as of December 31, 2021. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised in 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted were , and per share, respectively. The total grant date fair value of options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The Company records stock-based compensation of stock options granted by estimating the fair value of stock-based awards using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and amortizes the fair value of the stock-based awards granted over the applicable vesting period of the awards on a straight-line basis. 

Expected Term : The Company s expected term represents the period that the Company s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and is determined using the simplified method (based on the mid-point between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term for employee options). The Company uses the contractual term to determine the non-employee award fair value at the grant date. The contractual term of options granted under the Restated 2013 Plan is ten years. 
 Expected Volatility : Since the Company does not have a long trading history for its common stock, the expected volatility was estimated based on the average volatility for comparable publicly traded biotechnology companies over a period equal to the expected term of the stock option grants. The comparable companies 
 116 
 
 . 
 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In 2013, the Company s board of directors adopted and in 2016, upon the merger with Celladon, the Company amended and approved the 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2013 ESPP). The 2013 ESPP is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and is administered by the Company s board of directors. shares with an automatic annual increase to the shares issuable under the 2013 ESPP to the lower of (i) of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, and (ii) shares of common stock, unless a lower number determined by the board of directors. As of December 31, 2021, a total of shares are reserved for issuance and shares available for future issuance under the 2013 ESPP. During the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, employees purchased shares for million, shares for million and shares for million, respectively, under the 2013 ESPP. 
 Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units 
 In the first quarter of 2020, the Company revised its non-employee director compensation policy to approve the granting of restricted stock units (RSUs) in accordance with the Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the Restated 2013 Plan). Each eligible director who has served for at least six months during the prior calendar year and continues to serve as a non-employee member of the board is granted RSUs. Each eligible director who has served on the Board for less than six months during the prior calendar year and who continues to serve as a non-employee member of the Board, is granted RSUs which are pro-rated for the period served during the prior calendar year. 
 The RSUs granted to non-employee directors will vest on the one-year anniversary of the grant date, subject to the eligible director s continuous services through the vesting date, and will vest in full upon a change in control, as defined under the Restated 2013 Plan. The RSUs granted to employees will vest annually on the one-year, two-year, and three-year anniversaries of the grant date. The fair value of all RSUs is measured at the grant date based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock and is recognized as stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 
 The performance stock units (PSUs) are also available for grant pursuant to the Restated 2013 Plan. Each PSU, which is a stock award, is earned through the achievement of a performance-based metric over a defined performance period. The length of the defined performance period, the performance-based metric to be achieved during the defined performance period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such performance-based metric has been achieved will be conclusively determined by the compensation committee of the Company s board of directors, in its sole discretion. The estimated fair value of equity awards that contain performance conditions is expensed over the term of the award once the Company has determined that it is probable that performance conditions will be satisfied. 
 117 
 
 PSUs with a weighted-average grant date fair value of per share. The performance-based metrics include the achievement of certain revenue targets and clinical and regulatory milestones. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million of stock-based compensation expense related to the PSUs as it is expected that all milestones will be achieved by the target dates. This expense is included in selling, general and administrative expenses. stock-based compensation expense was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2020 in relation to the PSUs. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted RSUs with a weighted-average grant date fair value of per share. In relation to the RSUs granted, the Company recognized million and million in stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses. As of December 31, 2021, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs and PSUs was million, which the Company expects to recognize over an estimated weighted-average period of years. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested shares as of December 31, 2021 

Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total 

As of December 31, 2021, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested options was million, which the Company expects to recognize over an estimated weighted average period of years. for the year ended December 31, 2021, with an effective tax rate of - for the year ended December 31, 2021. provision for income taxes was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. The Company has incurred net operating losses (NOL) for all the periods presented. The Company has not reflected any benefit of such NOL carryforwards in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company has established a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such assets. 
 118 

Change in valuation allowance 

Tax credits 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Stock-based compensation 

Other, net 

Provision for income taxes 

Tax credits 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Accruals and reserves 

Lease liabilities 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right-of-use assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

Due to the Company s lack of earnings history, the deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The net change in the valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 increased by million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, of federal and state NOL carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income that will begin to expire in and , respectively, for federal and state tax purposes. 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company also had research and development tax credit carryforwards of million and million for federal and state purposes available to offset future taxable income tax. If not utilized, the state credits can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 The Company s ability to utilize NOL carryforwards or other tax attributes, such as research tax credits, in any taxable year may be limited if the Company has experienced an ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code) of 1986, as amended. The Company s merger with Celladon resulted in such an ownership change and, accordingly, Celladon s NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes will be subject to further limitations on their use. The Company assessed whether it had an ownership change, as defined by Section 382 of the Code from its formation through December 31, 2021. Based upon this assessment, the Company experienced ownership changes on April 20, 2016, October 18, 2018 and December 31, 2020. Due to these ownership changes, reductions were made to the Company s NOL and tax credit carryforwards under these rules . Additional ownership changes in the future could result in additional limitations on the Company s NOL and tax credit carryforwards. 
 119 

Additions based on tax positions related to prior 
 year 

Additions based on tax positions related to 
 current year 

Reductions based on tax positions related to 
 prior year 

Reductions based on tax positions related to 
 current year 

Balance at end of year 

If the million of unrecognized tax benefits is recognized, there would not be an effect on the effective tax rate. The Company does not expect the unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2021, the unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions were offset against deferred tax assets and would not affect the income tax rate if recognized due to the Company being in a full valuation allowance position. 
 The Company s policy is to account for interest and penalties in tax expense on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and state jurisdictions. All periods since inception are subject to examination by U.S. federal and state jurisdictions. There were such interest or penalties during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. square feet of office space located at 2155 Park Blvd. in Palo Alto, California. The lease commenced on and expires in . The lease has a three-year renewal option prior to expiration however, the Company is not reasonably assured to exercise this option. The lease includes rent escalation clauses throughout the lease term. In October 2017, the Company provided a security deposit of million. The Company also has additional operating leases that are included in its lease accounting but are not considered significant for disclosure. 
 120 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Total undiscounted payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of future lease payments 

Less: current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Rent expense recognized for the Company s operating leases was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Under the terms of the lease agreements, the Company is also responsible for certain variable lease payments that are not included in the measurement of the lease liability. Variable lease payments for the operating leases were million for each of the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 The operating cash outflows for the operating lease liabilities were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the weighted-average remaining lease term and weighted-average discount rate were years and , respectively. 
 Other Commitments 
 The Company is obligated to make future payments to third parties under asset purchase and license agreements, including royalties and payments that become due and payable on the achievement of certain development and commercialization milestones. However, the amount and timing of these payments are not known. 
 Manufacturing Service Agreement 
 In 2020, the Company entered into a Master Manufacturing Services Agreement (MMSA) and Product Agreement with Patheon, Inc. (Patheon) for the manufacturing of lonafarnib capsules and packaging of bottles for commercial sale. Under the terms of the agreements, the Company is required to provide Patheon with annual volume forecasts of capsules and Patheon will manufacture of actual manufacturing volume. If the Company orders more than percent of manufacturing volume from other manufacturers, the Company is required to pay of purchase price to Patheon for the shortfall. The initial terms of the MMSA and Product Agreement end on with automatic renewal for successive two-year terms, unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms of each agreement, or upon either party s notice of termination to the other. 

121 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 We are responsible for maintaining disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based on our management s evaluation (with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer) of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to achieve their stated purpose as of December 31, 2021, the end of the period covered by this report. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to provide reasonable assurance, not absolute assurance, regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting. These limitations include the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of the system and reasonable resource constraints. Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 As of December 31, 2021, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 122 

ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 123 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Except as set forth below, the information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. A current copy of the code is posted on the Investors Corporate Governance section of our website, which is located at www.eigerbio.com . 
 We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our website, at the address and location specified above and, to the extent required by the listing standards of The Nasdaq Global Market, by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, disclosing such information. 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP, San Francisco, CA, Auditor ID: 185 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 124 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 
 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

1. 
 
 Financial Statements 

 See Index to Financial Statements at Item 8 herein. 

2. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. 
 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Document 

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of November 18, 2015, by and among Celladon Corporation, Celladon Merger Sub, Inc., and Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 19, 2015). 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Celladon Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Celladon Corporation, filed with the SEC on February 10, 2014). 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Celladon Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 10, 2014). 

3.3 

Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Celladon Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 23, 2016). 

3.4 

Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Celladon Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 23, 2016). 

4.1 

Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-191688), originally filed with the SEC on October 29, 2013 ). 

4.2 

Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to participants in Celladon Corporation s Convertible Debt and Warrant financing, dated October 15, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-191688), originally filed with the SEC on October 11, 2013). 

4.3 

Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36183), filed with the SEC on March 13, 2020). 

10.1+ 

Form of Indemnity Agreement by and between Celladon Corporation and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-191688), originally filed with the SEC on October 11, 2013). 

10.2+ 

Celladon Corporation 2001 Stock Option Plan and Form of Notice of Grant of Stock Option, Stock Option Agreement and Stock Option Exercise Notice thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-191688), originally filed with the SEC on October 11, 2013). 

10.3+ 

Celladon Corporation 2012 Equity Incentive Plan and Form of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-191688), originally filed with the SEC on October 11, 2013). 

125 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Document 

10.4+ 

Celladon Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, amended on April 12, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183), filed with the SEC on May 12, 2017). 

10.5 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan and Form of Notice of Grant of Stock Option, Stock Option Agreement and Stock Option Exercise Notice thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-208521), originally filed with the SEC on December 14, 2015). 

10.6+ 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10-Q (File No . 001-36183 ), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2016). 

10.7+ 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form 10-Q (File No . 001-36183 ), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2016). 

10.8 

Lease, dated as of March 19, 2015 by and between JTC, a California general partnership and Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-208521), originally filed with the SEC on December 14, 2015). 

10.9 

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 25, 2015, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Tracey McLaughlin and Colleen Craig (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021) . 

10.10 

License Agreement, dated September 3, 2010, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Merck Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021). 

10.11 

Sublease Agreement, dated as of January 8, 2016, by and between Baker Hughes Oilfield Operations, Inc. and Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-208521), originally filed with the SEC on December 14, 2015). 

10.12 

License Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2016, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021). 

10.13 

Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2016, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-212114) filed with the SEC on June 17, 2016). 

10.14 

Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 30, 2016, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oxford Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on March 23, 2017). 

10.15 

Standard Multi-Tenant Office Lease Net, dated October 11, 2017, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and the McDonald Family Co. LLC, and addendum thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2018). 

10.16 

First Amendment to Lease, dated April 26, 2018, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and the McDonald Family Co. LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on May 11, 2018 ). 

10.17 

Amendment No. 6 to License Agreement, dated September 3, 2010, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021). 

126 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Document 

10. 18 

Collaboration and Supply Agreement, dated May 15, 2018, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and The Progeria Research Foundation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021). 

10.19 

Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 11, 2018, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oxford Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on August 10, 2018). 

10.20 

Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 19, 2018, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and RRD International, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on November 9, 2018). 

10.21 

First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 24, 2017, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oxford Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36183) with the SEC on March 14, 2019) . 

10.22+ 

Amended and Restated Offer Letter Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2019, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and David A. Cory (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on November 7, 2019). 

10.23+ 

Amended and Restated Offer Letter Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2019, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Sriram Ryali (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on November 7, 2019). 

10.24+ 

Amended and Restated Offer Letter Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2019, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Stephana E. Patton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on November 7, 2019). 

10.25+ 

Amended and Restated Offer Letter Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2019, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and James Shaffer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on November 7, 2019). 

10.26 

License Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2019, by and among the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania and The Children s Hospital of Philadelphia and Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on November 7, 2019). 

10.27 

Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 5, 2019, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oxford Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on May 9, 2019). 

10.28+ 

Offer Letter Agreement, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Eldon Mayer, dated as of December 3, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on May 7, 2020). 

10.29+ 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on May 7, 2020). 

10.30 

Amendment No. 1, dated June 15, 2020, to the Collaboration and Supply Agreement, dated May 15, 2018, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Progeria Research Foundation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on August 6, 2020). 

10.31 

Asset Purchase Agreement, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and AbbVie Inc., dated as of November 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021). 

10.32 

Amendment No. 7 to License Agreement, dated November 3, 2020, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021). 

127 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Document 

10.33 

Amendment No. 5 to Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 23, 2021, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oxford Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021). 

10.34+ 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Award Agreement under 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on May 6, 2021). 

10.35+ 

2021 Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021). 

10.36+ 

Offer Letter Agreement, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Erik Atkisson, dated as of August 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 

10.37 

Amendment No. 6 to Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 6, 2021, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oxford Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36183) filed with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 

10.38 

Amendment No. 4 to Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 10, 2020, by and between Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oxford Finance LLC. 

21.1 

List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24.1 

Power of Attorney. Reference is made to the signature page hereto. 

31.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . 

32.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document- the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, has been formatted in Inline XBRL and is contained in Exhibit 101. 

+ 
 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted as being immaterial and would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Filed herewith. 

128 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 129 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Date: March 10, 2022 

By: 

/s/ David A. Cory 

David A. Cory 

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Date: March 10, 2022 

By: 

/s/ Sriram Ryali 

Sriram Ryali 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David A. Cory and Sriram Ryali, and each of them, as his or her attorneys-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, or his or her substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ David A. Cory 
 David A. Cory 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

March 10, 2022 

/s/ Sriram Ryali 
 Sriram Ryali 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

March 10, 2022 

/s/ Thomas J. Dietz 
 Thomas J. Dietz 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

March 10, 2022 

/s/ David Apelian 
 David Apelian 

Member of the Board of Directors 

March 10, 2022 

/s/ Evan Loh 
 Evan Loh 

Member of the Board of Directors 

March 10, 2022 

/s/ Jeffrey Glenn 
 Jeffrey Glenn 

Member of the Board of Directors 

March 10, 2022 

/s/ Christine Murray 

Member of the Board of Directors 

March 10, 2022 

Christine Murray 

/s/ Amit K. Sachdev 

Member of the Board of Directors 

March 10, 2022 

Amit K. Sachdev 

/s/ Kim Sablich 

Member of the Board of Directors 

March 10, 2022 

Kim Sablich 

130 

<EX-10.38>
 2
 eigr-ex1038_622.htm
 EX-10.38

eigr-ex1038_622.htm

Exhibit 10.38 
 
 DEFAULT WAIVER AND FOURTH AMENDMENT TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS DEFAULT WAIVER AND FOURTH AMENDMENT to Loan and Security Agreement (this Amendment is entered into as of March 10, 2020, by and between OXFORD FINANCE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company with an office located at 133 North Fairfax Street, Alexandria, Virginia 22314 Oxford ), as collateral agent (in such capacity, Collateral Agent ), the Lenders listed on Schedule 1.1 of the Loan Agreement (as defined below) or otherwise party thereto from time to time including Oxford in its capacity as a Lender (each a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), and EIGER BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware corporation Parent ), EB Pharma, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company EB Pharma and EBPI Merger, Inc., a Delaware corporation EBPI ), each with offices located at 2155 Park Blvd., Palo Alto, CA 94306 (Parent, EB Pharma and EBPI, individually and collectively, jointly and severally, Borrower ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 A. Collateral Agent, Lenders and Borrower have entered into that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated as of December 30, 2016 (as amended from time to time, including by that certain First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 24, 2017, that certain Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 11, 2018 and that certain Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 11, 2018, the Loan Agreement ). Lenders have extended credit to Borrower for the purposes permitted in the Loan Agreement. 
 
 B. Pursuant to 6.12 of the Loan Agreement, Borrower shall not create or acquire any Subsidiary without providing prior written notice to Collateral Agent and each Lender . Borrower acknowledges it is currently in default of the Loan Agreement for failing to provide such prior written notice to Collateral Agent of its creation of Eiger Ireland (as defined below) (the Existing Event of Default ). 
 
 C. Borrower has requested that Collateral Agent and the Lenders waive their rights and remedies against Borrower, limited specifically to the Existing Event of Default. Although neither Collateral Agent nor the Lenders are under any obligation to do so, Collateral Agent and the Lenders are willing to not exercise their rights and remedies against Borrower related to the specific Existing Event of Default on the terms and conditions set forth in this Waiver, so long as Borrower complies with the terms, covenants and conditions set forth in this Waiver. 
 
 D. Borrower has further requested that Collateral Agent and Lenders (i) modify the Foreign Subsidiary Assets covenant and (ii) make certain other revisions to the Loan Agreement as more fully set forth herein. Collateral Agent and the Lenders have agreed to so amend certain provisions of the Loan Agreement, but only to the extent, in accordance with the terms, subject to the conditions and in reliance upon the representations and warranties set forth below 
 
 AGREEMENT 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement. 
 
 2. Waiver of Default. Collateral Agent and the Lenders hereby waive exercise of their rights and remedies against Borrower under the terms of the Loan Agreement, arising solely as a result of the Existing Event of Default. Collateral Agent s and the Lenders waiver of Borrower s compliance with Section 6.12 shall apply only with respect to Borrower s failure to comply as the result of its Borrower s creation of Eiger Ireland. Collateral Agent s and the Lenders agreement to waive the Existing Event of Default (a) in no way shall be deemed an 
 
 1 

agreement by Collateral Agent or the Lenders to waive Borrower s compliance with the above-referenced section as of any other date, and (b) shall not limit or impair Collateral Agent s or the Lenders right to demand strict performance of such section as of all other dates. 
 
 3. Amendments to Loan Agreement. 
 
 3.1 Section 7.12 (Foreign Subsidiary Assets) . Section 7.12 of the Loan Agreement hereby is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 
 
 7.12 Foreign Subsidiary Assets . Transfer to, license to or permit (a) Eiger UK to hold or maintain (ii) any Intellectual Property or (ii) any other assets having an aggregate value in excess of Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000.00), and (b) Eiger Ireland to hold or maintain (ii) any Intellectual Property or (ii) any other assets having an aggregate value in excess of Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000.00). 
 
 3.2 Section 13 (Definitions). The following terms and their respective definitions hereby are added, in appropriate alphabetical order, or amended and restated in their entirety, as applicable, to Section 13.1 of the Loan Agreement as follows: 
 
 Eiger Ireland means EIGERBIO EUROPE LIMITED, a wholly owned Subsidiary of Borrower organized under the laws of Ireland. 
 
 Eiger UK means EIGER BIOPHARMACEUTICALS EUROPE, a wholly owned Subsidiary of Borrower organized under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
 
 Shares is one hundred percent (100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock, membership units or other securities owned or held of record by Borrower or Borrower s Subsidiary, in any Subsidiary; provided that, in the event Borrower, demonstrates to Collateral Agent s reasonable satisfaction, that a pledge of more than sixty five percent (65 of the Shares of Eiger UK, creates a present and existing adverse tax consequence to Borrower under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, Shares shall mean sixty-five percent (65 of the issued and outstanding capital stock, membership units or other securities owned or held of record by Borrower or its Subsidiary in such Foreign Subsidiary. 
 3.3 Exhibit A of the Loan Agreement hereby is replaced in its entirety with Exhibit A 
 attached hereto. 
 
 4. Limitation of Waiver and Amendment. 
 
 4.1 The waiver and amendments set forth in Section 2 and Section 3 , respectively, are effective for the purposes set forth herein and shall be limited precisely as written and shall not be deemed to (a) be a consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of any other term or condition of any Loan Document, or (b) otherwise prejudice any right or remedy which Collateral Agent or any Lender may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with any Loan Document. 
 
 4.2 This Amendment shall be construed in connection with and as part of the Loan Documents and all terms, conditions, representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in the Loan Documents, except as herein amended, are hereby ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 5. Representations and Warranties. To induce Collateral Agent and Lenders to enter into this Amendment, Borrower hereby represents and warrants to Collateral Agent and Lenders as follows: 
 
 5.1 Immediately after giving effect to this Amendment (a) the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents are true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date hereof (except to the extent such representations and warranties relate to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such date), and (b) no Event of Default other than the Existing Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
 
 2 

5.2 Borrower has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment and to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement, as amended by this Amendment; 
 
 5.3 The organizational documents of Borrower delivered to Collateral Agent and Lenders on the Effective Date, or subsequent thereto, remain true, accurate and complete and have not been amended, supplemented or restated and are and continue to be in full force and effect; 
 
 5.4 The execution and delivery by Borrower of this Amendment and the performance by Borrower of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, have been duly authorized; 
 
 5.5 The execution and delivery by Borrower of this Amendment and the performance by Borrower of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, do not and will not contravene (a) any law or regulation binding on or affecting Borrower, (b) any contractual restriction with a Person binding on Borrower, (c) any order, judgment or decree of any court or other governmental or public body or authority, or subdivision thereof, binding on Borrower, or (d) the organizational documents of Borrower; 
 
 5.6 The execution and delivery by Borrower of this Amendment and the performance by Borrower of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, do not require any order, consent, approval, license, authorization or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, or exemption by any governmental or public body or authority, or subdivision thereof, binding on Borrower; and 
 
 5.7 This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by Borrower and is the binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, moratorium or other similar laws of general application and equitable principles relating to or affecting creditors rights. 
 
 6. Prior Agreement . The Loan Documents are hereby ratified and reaffirmed and shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment is not a novation and the terms and conditions of this Amendment shall be in addition to and supplemental to all terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Documents. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this Amendment and the terms of such documents, the terms of this Amendment shall be controlling, but such document shall not otherwise be affected or the rights therein impaired. 
 
 7. Release by Borrower . 
 
 7.1 FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION , Borrower hereby forever relieves, releases, and discharges Collateral Agent and each Lender and their respective present or former employees, officers, directors, agents, representatives, attorneys, and each of them, from any and all claims, debts, liabilities, demands, obligations, promises, acts, agreements, costs and expenses, actions and causes of action, of every type, kind, nature, description or character whatsoever, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, absolute or contingent, arising out of or in any manner whatsoever connected with or related to facts, circumstances, issues, controversies or claims existing or arising from the beginning of time through and including the date of execution of this Waiver (collectively Released Claims ). Without limiting the foregoing, the Released Claims shall include any and all liabilities or claims arising out of or in any manner whatsoever connected with or related to the Loan Documents, the Recitals hereto, any instruments, agreements or documents executed in connection with any of the foregoing or the origination, negotiation, administration, servicing and/or enforcement of any of the foregoing. 
 
 7.2 In furtherance of this release, Borrower expressly acknowledges and waives any and all rights under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which provides as follows: 
 
 A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor. (Emphasis added.) 
 7.3 By entering into this release, Borrower recognizes that no facts or representations are ever absolutely certain and it may hereafter discover facts in addition to or different from those which it presently 
 
 3 

knows or believes to be true, but that it is the intention of Borrower hereby to fully, finally and forever settle and release all matters, disputes and differences, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected; accordingly, if Borrower should subsequently discover that any fact that it relied upon in entering into this release was untrue, or that any understanding of the facts was incorrect, Borrower shall not be entitled to set aside this release by reason thereof, regardless of any claim of mistake of fact or law or any other circumstances whatsoever. Borrower acknowledges that it is not relying upon and has not relied upon any representation or statement made by Bank with respect to the facts underlying this release or with regard to any of such party s rights or asserted rights. 
 
 7.4 This release may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and/or as a cross-complaint or counterclaim against any action, suit, or other proceeding that may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of this release. Borrower acknowledges that the release contained herein constitutes a material inducement to Collateral Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Waiver, and that Collateral Agent and the Lenders would not have done so but for Collateral Agent s and the Lenders expectation that such release is valid and enforceable in all events. 
 
 8. Miscellaneous . 
 
 8.1 This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document under the Loan Agreement; the failure to comply with the covenants contained herein shall constitute an Event of Default under the Loan Agreement; and all obligations included in this Amendment (including, without limitation, all obligations for the payment of principal, interest, fees, and other amounts and expenses) shall constitute obligations under the Loan Agreement and secured by the Collateral. 
 
 8.2 Each provision of this Amendment is severable from every other provision in determining the enforceability of any provision. 
 
 9. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and all of such counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 10. Effectiveness. This Amendment shall be deemed effective upon (a) the due execution and delivery to Collateral Agent and Lenders of (i) this Amendment by each party hereto, and (ii) Collateral Agent s filing of a UCC-3 in respect of the existing UCC-1 filed with the Delaware Secretary of State naming Collateral Agent, as secured party, and Borrower, as debtor, amending the description of the Collateral to conform with Exhibit A as revised by this Amendment, and (b) Borrower s payment of all Lenders Expenses incurred through the date of this Amendment. 
 
 [ Balance of Page Intentionally Left Blank ] 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first written above. 

BORROWER: 

EIGER BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Sriram Ryali 

Name: 
 
 Sriram Ryali 

Title: 
 
 CFO 

EB PHARMA, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ James P. Shaffer 

Name: 
 
 James Shaffer 

Title: 
 
 Director (EB Pharma LLC); CBO (Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.) 

EBPI MERGER, IN C . . 

By: 
 
 /s/ David Cory 

Name: 
 
 David Cory 

Title: 
 
 Director (EBPI Merger); CEO (Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.) 

COLLATERAL AGENT AND LENDER: 

OXFORD FINANCE LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Default Waiver and Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first written above. 

BORROWER: 

EIGER BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EB PHARMA, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EBPI MERGER, IN C . . 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COLLATERAL AGENT AND LENDER: 

OXFORD FINANCE LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Colette H. Featherly 

Name: 
 
 Colette H. Featherly 

Title: 
 
 Senior Vice President 

[Signature Page to Default Waiver and Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Description of Collateral 
 
 The Collateral consists of all of Borrower s right, title and interest in and to the following personal property: 
 
 All goods, Accounts (including health-care receivables), Equipment, Inventory, contract rights or rights to payment of money, leases, license agreements, franchise agreements, General Intangibles (except as noted below), commercial tort claims, documents, instruments (including any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts and other Collateral Accounts, all certificates of deposit, fixtures, letters of credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing), securities, and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever located; and 
 All Borrower s Books relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above and all substitutions for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements, products, proceeds and insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral does not include any Intellectual Property; provided, however, the Collateral shall include all Accounts and all proceeds of Intellectual Property. If a judicial authority (including a U.S. Bankruptcy Court) would hold that a security interest in the underlying Intellectual Property is necessary to have a security interest in such Accounts and such property that are proceeds of Intellectual Property, then the Collateral shall automatically, and effective as of the Effective Date, include the Intellectual Property to the extent necessary to permit perfection of Collateral Agent s security interest in such Accounts and such other property of Borrower that are proceeds of the Intellectual Property; or (ii) more than 65 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote the shares of capital stock (the Shares of Eiger UK, if Borrower demonstrates to Collateral Agent s reasonable satisfaction that a pledge of more than sixty five percent (65 of the Shares of Eiger UK creates a present and existing adverse tax consequence to Borrower under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. 
 Pursuant to the terms of a certain negative pledge arrangement with Collateral Agent and the Lenders, Borrower has agreed not to encumber any of its Intellectual Property. 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 eigr-ex211_10.htm
 EX-21.1

eigr-ex211_10.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

EBPI Merger, Inc. 

Delaware 

EB Pharma LLC 

Delaware 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals Europe Limited 

England and Wales 

EigerBio Europe Limited 

Ireland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 eigr-ex231_7.htm
 EX-23.1

eigr-ex231_7.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-251497, 333-235655, 333-221972, 333-212114, and 333-203153) on Form S-3 and the registration statements (Nos. 333-258509, 333-254039, 333-237156, 333-230287, 333-224872, 333-219936, 333-211009, 333-203154, and 333-193662) on Form S-8 of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. of our report dated March 10, 2022, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 March 10, 2022 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 eigr-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

eigr-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Securities Exchange Act Rules 13A-14(A) and 15D-14(A) 
 I, David A. Cory, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

 Date: March 10, 2022 

/s/ David A. Cory 

David A. Cory 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 eigr-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

eigr-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Securities Exchange Act Rules 13A-14(A) and 15D-14(A) 
 I, Sriram Ryali, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

 Date: March 10, 2022 

/s/ Sriram Ryali 

Sriram Ryali 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 eigr-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

eigr-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), David A. Cory, Chief Executive Officer of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company ), and Sriram Ryali, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 
 2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 In Witness Whereof , the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 10th day of March, 2022. 

Date: March 10, 2022 

/s/ David A. Cory 

David A. Cory 

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Sriram Ryali 

Sriram Ryali 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 eigr-20211231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 26
 eigr-20211231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 27
 eigr-20211231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 28
 eigr-20211231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 29
 eigr-20211231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

