<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>19980731_10-K_edgar_data_723603_0000950168-98-002447.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>467523</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>380846</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2528</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950168-98-002447.hdr.sgml : 19980803
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950168-98-002447
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19980503
FILED AS OF DATE:		19980731
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CULP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000723603
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BROADWOVEN FABRIC MILLS, COTTON [2211]
		IRS NUMBER:				561001967
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12597
		FILM NUMBER:		98674828

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 S MAIN ST
		STREET 2:		101 S MAIN ST
		CITY:			HIGH POINT
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27261-2686
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3368895161

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 2686
		STREET 2:		101 S MAIN ST
		CITY:			HIGH POINT
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27261

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 CMd09/TOBA+qP8RsfaKJOSDV7khXn8LDOhh1uhL7DK/1WV9iLHw2tGgDM1pGkqxS
 q2EE11tHLQQxwXdY/aFmIg==

 0000950168-98-002447.txt : 19980803

10-K
 1
 CULP, INC.

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 Washington, D. C. 20549

 FORM 10-K

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 For the fiscal year ended May 3, 1998

 Commission File No. 0-12781

 CULP, INC.
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

NORTH CAROLINA 56-1001967
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
 incorporation or other organization)

101 S. Main St., High Point, North Carolina 27261-2686
 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code)

 (336) 889-5161
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

 Common Stock, Par Value .05/Share

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for
at least the past 90 days. YES X NO
 --- ---

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation SK is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

 As of July 22, 1998, 12,995,021 shares of common stock were outstanding.
The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant on that date was 130,949,382 based on the closing sales price of
such stock as quoted on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), assuming, for
purposes of this report, that all executive officers and directors of the
registrant are affiliates.

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Part II
 Portions of the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal
year ended May 3, 1998 are incorporated by reference into Items 5,6,7 and 8.

Part III
 Portions of the Company's Proxy Statement dated July 31, 1998 in
connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on September 15,
1998 are incorporated by reference into Items 10, 11, 12 and 13.

 Exhibits Index begins on page 29

CULP, INC.
 FORM 10-K REPORT
 TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item No. Page
- -------- ----
 PART I

1. Business
 Overview......................................................3
 Business Organization.........................................4
 Business Units................................................4
 Business Strategy.............................................6
 Capital Expenditures..........................................7
 Industry Segments.............................................7
 Overview of Industry..........................................7
 Overview of Residential Furniture Industry....................8
 Overview of Commercial Furniture Industry.....................9
 Overview of Bedding Industry..................................9
 Products.....................................................10
 Manufacturing................................................11
 Product Design and Styling...................................12
 Distribution.................................................13
 Sources and Availability of Raw Materials....................13
 Competition..................................................13
 Technology...................................................14
 Environmental and Other Regulations..........................15
 Employees....................................................15
 Customers and Sales..........................................15
 Net Sales by Geographic Area.................................16
 Backlog......................................................16
 Year 2000 Considerations.....................................16

2. Properties........................................................17

3. Legal Proceedings.................................................18

4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders..............18

PART II

5. Market for the Registrant's Common Stock
 and Related Stockholder Matters.................................18

6. Selected Financial Data...........................................18

7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations...................18

-1-

8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data..........18

9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
 on Accounting and Financial Disclosure..........................19

PART III

10. Directors and Executive Officers of the
 Registrant......................................................19

11. Executive Compensation............................................19

12. Security Ownership of Certain
 Beneficial Owners and Management................................19

13. Certain Relationships and Related
 Transactions....................................................19

PART IV

14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
 and Reports on Form 8-K.........................................20

 Documents filed as part of this report............................20

 Exhibits..........................................................21

 Reports on Form 8-K...............................................26

 Financial Statement Schedules.....................................27

 Signatures .......................................................28

-2-

PART I

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Overview

 Culp, Inc. (the Company) manufactures and markets upholstery fabrics
and mattress tickings primarily for use in the furniture (residential,
commercial and juvenile) and bedding industries on a worldwide basis. The
Company's executive offices are located in High Point, North Carolina. The
Company was organized as a North Carolina corporation in 1972 and made its
initial public offering in 1983. Since 1997, the Company has been listed on the
New York Stock Exchange and traded under the symbol "CFI."

 Culp believes it is the largest manufacturer and marketer of furniture
upholstery fabrics in the world and is a leading global producer of mattress
fabrics (known as mattress ticking). The Company's fabrics are used principally
in the production of residential and commercial furniture and bedding products,
including sofas, recliners, chairs, loveseats, sectionals, sofa-beds, office
seating, panel systems and mattress sets. Culp markets one of the broadest
product lines in its industry, with a wide range of fabric constructions,
patterns, colors, textures and finishes. This breadth is made possible by Culp's
extensive manufacturing capabilities that include a variety of weaving, printing
and finishing operations and the ability to produce various yarns and unfinished
base fabrics (known as greige goods) used in its products. Although most of the
Company's competitors emphasize one particular type of fabric, Culp competes in
every major category except leather, which accounts for a relatively small
portion of the residential furniture market. Culp's staff of over 90 designers
and support personnel utilize Computer Aided Design (CAD) systems to develop the
Company's own patterns and styles. Culp's product line currently includes more
than 3,000 upholstery fabric patterns and 1,000 mattress-ticking styles.
Although Culp markets fabrics at most price levels, the Company has emphasized
fabrics that have a broad appeal in the "good" and "better" price categories of
furniture and bedding.

 Culp markets its products worldwide, with sales to customers in over 50
countries. While total sales have grown from 245.0 million in fiscal 1994 to
 476.7 million in fiscal 1998, the Company's international sales have increased
from 44.0 million to 137.2 million during the same period. Although shipments
to U.S.-based customers continue to account for most of the Company's sales,
Culp's success in building a global presence has led to an increasing proportion
of sales to international accounts (29 of net sales for fiscal 1998). The
Company's network of approximately 30 international sales agents represents
Culp's products in major furniture and bedding markets outside the United
States.

 Culp has seventeen (17) manufacturing facilities, with a combined total
of 2.7 million square feet, that are located in North Carolina (10), South
Carolina (2), Pennsylvania (2), Tennessee (1), Alabama (1) and Quebec, Canada
(1). The Company's distribution system is designed to offer customers fast,
responsive delivery. Products are shipped directly to customers from the
Company's manufacturing facilities, as well as from three regional distribution
facilities strategically located in High Point, North Carolina, Los Angeles,
California, and Tupelo, Mississippi, which are areas of high concentration of
furniture manufacturing. Additionally, the Company maintains an inventory of
upholstery fabrics at a warehouse facility in Grand Rapids, Michigan to supply
large commercial furniture manufacturers in that area, and an inventory at a
distributor's warehouse facility in Malbork, Poland.

 Culp's position as a leading global marketer of upholstery fabrics and
mattress ticking has been achieved through internal expansion and strategic
acquisitions. The most recent acquisitions include Rossville/Chromatex in fiscal
1994, Rayonese in fiscal 1995 and Phillips Mills, Wetumpka Yarn and Artee
Industries in fiscal 1998.

-3-

Business Organization

 Culp is structured in business units. Through fiscal 1998, this
organization consisted of six groups: (i) Culp Textures, (ii) Rossville/
Chromatex, (iii) Velvets/Prints, (iv) Culp Home Fashions, (v) Phillips Mills and
(vi) Artee Industries. This structure has subsequently been reorganized into
four groups: (i) Culp Decorative Fabrics, (ii) Culp Velvets/Prints, (iii) Culp
Home Fashions and (iv) Culp Yarn. Since the new structure was not in place at
all during fiscal 1998 and the identity of each of the previous business units
has remained intact in the new structure, this discussion is based on the
historical organization.

Business Units

 Each business unit is accorded considerable autonomy and is responsible
for designing, manufacturing and marketing its respective product lines.
Considerable synergies exist among the business units, including the sharing of
common raw materials made internally, such as polypropylene yarns, certain dyed
and spun yarns, greige goods and printed heat-transfer paper. Products
manufactured at one business unit's facility are commonly transferred to another
business unit's facility for additional value-added processing steps. For
example, jacquard greige goods manufactured at Rayonese (part of Culp Home
Fashions) are shipped to a Velvets/Prints' facility where printed fabrics are
produced using various printing and finishing equipment. The following table
sets forth certain information for each of the Company's business units.

 Culp's Business Units
 ---------------------

FISCAL 1998 PRODUCT LINES
 MAJOR NET SALES (BASE CLOTH, IF
 PRODUCT CATEGORY BUSINESS UNIT (in millions) APPLICABLE)
 ---------------- ------------- ------------- ---------------
 
 Upholstery Fabrics Culp Textures 92.7 Woven jacquards
 Woven dobbies
 Rossville/Chromatex 84.7 Woven jacquards
 Woven dobbies
 Velvets/Prints 171.4 Wet prints (flocks)
 Heat-transfer prints
 (jacquard, flock)
 Woven velvets
 Tufted velvets (woven
 polyester)
 Phillips Mills 32.7 ) Woven jacquards
 Wet prints (flocks)
 Heat-transfer prints (cotton)
 Woven velvets
 Tufted velvets
 Mattress Ticking Culp Home Fashions 87.3 Woven jacquards
 Heat-transfer prints
 (jacquard, knit, sheeting)
 Pigment prints (jacquard,
 knit, sheeting, non-woven)
 Yarn Artee Industries 7.9 ) Pre-dyed spun yarns
 Chenille yarns

Partial year includes sales from date of acquisition

-4-

Culp Textures. Culp Textures manufactures and markets jacquard and
dobby woven fabrics used primarily for residential and commercial furniture.
Culp Textures' manufacturing facilities are located in Burlington and Graham,
North Carolina and Pageland, South Carolina. Culp Textures has become
increasingly vertically integrated, complementing its extensive weaving
capabilities with the ability to extrude, dye and texturize yarn. Many of the
designs marketed by Culp Textures feature intricate, complicated patterns such
as floral and abstract designs. Culp Textures accounts for the majority of the
Company's sales to the commercial furniture market. The Company maintains an
inventory at a third-party warehouse in Grand Rapids, Michigan to supply fabrics
marketed by Culp Textures to large commercial furniture manufacturers on a "just
in time" basis.

 Rossville/Chromatex. Rossville/Chromatex was acquired in fiscal 1994
and includes manufacturing facilities in Chattanooga, Tennessee and West
Hazleton, Pennsylvania. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 1998,
Rossville/Chromatex relocated its Rossville, Georgia dobby manufacturing
operation into a new leased facility in Chattanooga, Tennessee, which is located
about two miles from the previous leased facility. The acquisition of
Rossville/Chromatex expanded the Company's capacity for jacquard and dobby woven
fabrics marketed principally for residential furniture. Although
Rossville/Chromatex markets fabrics to many of the same customers served by Culp
Textures, the patterns produced by Rossville/Chromatex have generally featured
more textured and chenille yarns. Rossville/Chromatex has been particularly
successful in spinning its own novelty yarns to produce textured fabrics that
embody "country" patterns.

 Velvets/Prints. Velvets/Prints, Culp's largest business unit,
manufactures and markets a broad range of printed and velvet fabrics. These
include wet-printed designs on flock base fabrics, heat-transfer prints on
jacquard and flock base fabrics, woven velvets and tufted velvets. These fabrics
typically offer manufacturers richly colored patterns and textured surfaces.
Recent product development improvements in manufacturing processes have
significantly enhanced the quality of printed flock fabrics which are
principally used for residential furniture. These fabrics are also used for
other upholstered products such as baby car seats. These fabrics are
manufactured at Burlington, North Carolina, Anderson, South Carolina, and
Lumberton, North Carolina, a new facility that opened during the first quarter
of fiscal 1998. A portion of the Company's capital expenditures during fiscal
1997 and fiscal 1998 were directed toward expanding its capacity for printed
fabrics. Culp installed in Burlington the Company's first flock coating line
(which produces flock base or greige goods) to further vertically integrate its
production of wet-printed flock fabrics. This operation began production in the
fourth quarter of fiscal 1997.

 Culp Home Fashions. Culp Home Fashions principally markets mattress
ticking to bedding manufacturers. These fabrics encompass woven jacquard ticking
as well as heat-transfer and pigment-printed ticking on a variety of base
fabrics, including jacquard, knit, poly/cotton sheeting and non-woven materials.
Culp Home Fashions has successfully blended its diverse printing and finishing
capabilities with its access to a variety of base fabrics to offer innovative
designs to bedding manufacturers for mattress products. Printed jacquard fabrics
represent Culp Home Fashions' fastest growing product line, offering customers
better values with designs and textures of more expensive fabrics. Jacquard
greige goods printed by Culp Home Fashions are provided by the business unit's
Rayonese facility and Culp Textures jacquard weaving facility. The expansion of
the Rayonese capacity has been an important factor in the ability of this
business unit to increase its market share. Moreover, the additional Rayonese
capacity has allowed the Company to increase vertical integration by supplying
narrow-width jacquard greige goods to the Velvets/Prints business unit for the
production of printed jacquard upholstery fabrics. Culp Home Fashions'
manufacturing facilities are located in Stokesdale, North Carolina and St.
Jerome, Quebec.

 -5-

Phillips Mills. Phillips Mills operates two manufacturing facilities in
Monroe, North Carolina, which produce woven jacquards. Phillips Mills has a
particularly strong competitive position in fabric designs and patterns
associated with casual living styles that are popular with motion furniture.
Additionally, this business unit includes a printed fabrics converting operation
located in High Point.

 Artee Industries. Artee Industries manufactures and markets a variety
of pre-dyed spun yarns, including WrapSpun(TM), open-end spun, ring spun and
chenille yarns. Artee Industries operates manufacturing facilities in Shelby,
Cherryville, and Lincolnton, North Carolina and Wetumpka, Alabama. The Wetumpka
facility was acquired in December 1997 and the other Artee plants were purchased
in February 1998. Over half of the production of Artee Industries is used
internally by other Culp business units. The external sales are directed to the
upholstery fabric and apparel markets, and a portion of these shipments are to
competitors of Culp. The acquisition of Artee Industries is expected to provide
Culp more control over its supply of spun and chenille yarns and complement the
Company's increased emphasis on developing new designs. An integral component of
the design of fabrics with innovative designs, patterns and textures is the
availability of different yarns, and the integration of Artee Industries will
enhance the access of Culp designers to a broad variety of spun and chenille
yarns. Culp also plans to utilize the resources of Artee Industries to
accelerate the development of new yarns with innovative colors, textures and
other design characteristics.

Business Strategy

 The Company's plan to maintain leadership in the global upholstery
fabric and mattress ticking markets is based on a business strategy that
includes four main initiatives:

 Enhance Customer Service and Increase Vertical Integration. Culp is
continuing to enhance the competitive value of its upholstery fabrics and
mattress ticking through a company-wide initiative to raise efficiency and
improve customer service. Important aspects of this program have included
attaining more consistent product quality, improving delivery standards and
offering more innovative designs. The Company's ability to realize progress in
these areas in the past has been aided significantly by becoming more vertically
integrated through capital expansion projects and strategic acquisitions.
Representative steps have included adding capacity for producing unfinished
jacquard greige goods, extruding polypropylene yarn and most recently,
manufacturing spun and specialty yarn.

 Capitalize on New Product Categories. Culp's diverse manufacturing
capabilities and increasing vertical integration have enabled the company to
capitalize quickly on the increasing popularity of new product categories.

 Expand International Sales. Culp's international sales of upholstery
fabrics and mattress ticking has increased sharply in recent years. Factors
contributing to this growth have been the expanding demand for home furnishings
in many international areas and the ability of U.S.-based manufacturers of
fabrics to provide products to these markets at competitive prices.

 Pursue Additional Strategic Acquisitions. A meaningful portion of
Culp's growth reflects the integration of strategic acquisitions of
complementary businesses. The company believes that the continuing trend toward
consolidation within the home furnishings industry is likely to offer additional
opportunities to acquire complementary businesses on a selective basis. During
fiscal 1998, Culp has completed the acquisition of Phillips Mills, which added
capacity in jacquard, prints and velvets, as well as Wetumpka Yarn and Artee
Industries, which combined represent Culp's entry into the filling yarn market.

-6-

Capital Expenditures

 Since fiscal 1993, the Company has invested 112 million in capital
expenditures to expand its manufacturing capacity, install more efficient
production equipment and vertically integrate its operations. These expenditures
have included, among other things, the installation of narrow and wide-width
weaving machines and additional printing equipment to support the growth in
woven and printed upholstery fabrics and mattress ticking. The Company spent
approximately 35.9 million in capital expenditures during fiscal 1998 for
expansion, vertical integration and modernization. This level of capital
spending was well above the Company's historical rate of investment. The
principal expansion project involved completion of various items related to the
new wet-printing facility at Lumberton, North Carolina. Key projects relating to
vertical integration included expanding yarn extrusion capacity and adding
weaving capacity for jacquard greige goods. Projects to modernize existing
facilities encompassed a number of smaller investments throughout the Company's
operations.

 The extent of these investments has meant considerable change in the
Company's operations. All of the jacquard and dobby looms at the Pageland, South
Carolina facility have been moved to allow for an improved product flow. A
modern 290,000 square-foot weaving facility in Tennessee houses the
Rossville/Chromatex line, and 60 of the planned additional yarn extrusion lines
have become operational. Much of the Company's managerial focus has shifted to
realizing higher efficiencies from the new investments made during fiscal 1998.
As a result, the Company is currently planning on capital expenditures for
fiscal 1999 less than half that spent in fiscal 1998.

Industry Segments

 In June 1997, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an
Enterprise and Related Information," effective for periods beginning after
December 15, 1997. The purpose of this standard is to disclose disaggregated
information which provides information about the operating segments an
enterprise engages in, consistent with the way management reviews financial
information to make decisions about the enterprise's operating matters. The
Company will comply with the requirements of this standard for fiscal year-end
1999. Based on a preliminary review, the Company anticipates reporting on three
segments (upholstery fabrics, mattress ticking and yarn).

 During fiscal 1998, 1997 and 1996, the Company was principally involved
in designing, manufacturing and marketing of upholstery fabrics and mattress
ticking used in the furniture (residential, commercial and juvenile) and bedding
industries on a world-wide basis.

Overview of Industry

 Culp markets products worldwide to a broad array of manufacturers that
operate in three principal markets and several specialty markets:

 Residential furniture. This market includes upholstered furniture sold
 to consumers. Products include sofas, sleep sofas, chairs,
 motion/recliners, sectionals and occasional furniture items.

 Commercial furniture. This market includes upholstered office seating
 and modular office systems sold primarily for use in offices (including
 home offices) and other institutional settings.

 Bedding. This market includes mattress sets as well as other related
 home furnishings.

 -7-

Specialty markets. These markets include juvenile furniture (baby car
 seats and other baby items), hospitality (furniture used in hotels and
 other lodging establishments), "top of the bed" (comforters and
 bedspreads), outdoor furniture, recreational vehicle seating,
 automotive aftermarket (slip-on seat covers), retail fabric stores and
 specialty yarn.

Overview of Residential Furniture Industry

 The upholstery fabric industry is highly competitive, particularly
among manufacturers in similar market niches. American Furniture Manufacturers
Association, a trade association, reports that manufacturers of residential
furniture in the United States shipped products valued at approximately 21.5
billion (wholesale) during 1997. Approximately 40 of this furniture is believed
to consist of upholstered products. The upholstered furniture market has grown
from 5.4 billion in 1991 to 8.7 billion in 1997. According to Furniture/Today,
a leading trade publication, annual sales of upholstery fabrics in the United
States for non-automotive applications approximate 2 billion. Based on an
outside survey conducted by an independent marketing survey firm, Culp estimates
annual sales of upholstery fabrics outside the United States to be more than
 4 billion.

 Trends in demand for upholstery fabric and mattress ticking generally
parallel changes in consumer purchases of furniture and bedding. Factors
influencing consumer purchases of home furnishings include the number of
household formations, growth in the general population, the demographic profile
of the population, consumer confidence, employment levels, the amount of
disposable income, geographic mobility, housing starts and existing home sales.
The long-term trend in demand for furniture and bedding has been one of moderate
growth, although there have been some occasional periods of a modest downturn in
sales due principally to changes in economic conditions. Periods of decline have
been brief, and annual shipments have declined in only four of the past
25 years.

 The Company believes that demographic trends support the outlook for
continued long-term growth in the U.S. residential furniture and bedding
industries. In particular, as "baby boomers" (people born between 1946 and 1964)
mature to the 35-to-64 year age range over the next decade, they will be
reaching their highest earning power. Consumers in these age groups tend to
spend more on home furnishings, and the increasing number of these individuals
favors higher demand for furniture and related home furnishings. Statistics also
show that the average size of new homes has increased in recent years, and that
is believed to have resulted in increased purchases of furniture per home.

 There is an established trend toward consolidation at all levels within
the home furnishings industry. Furniture/Today has reported that the ten largest
residential furniture manufacturers accounted for over 35 of the industry's
total shipments in 1997, up from a 23 share in 1985. This trend is expected to
continue, particularly because of the need to invest increasing capital to
maintain modern manufacturing and distribution facilities as well as to provide
the sophisticated computer-based systems and processes necessary to interface in
the supply chain between retailers and suppliers. This trend toward
consolidation is resulting in fewer, but larger, customers for upholstery fabric
manufacturers. The Company believes that this environment favors larger
upholstery fabric manufacturers capable of supplying a broad range of product
choices at the volumes required by major furniture manufacturers on a timely
basis.

 Today's furniture customers prefer more casual and comfortable
furniture, including motion furniture, than did consumers ten years ago. In
addition, customers are placing increasing emphasis on product quality. The
increasing importance of product quality has allowed fabric manufacturers with

-8-

effective quality control systems to gain a competitive advantage. Modern
furniture buyers are also demanding faster delivery. To meet this demand, the
furniture industry as a whole has increased its focus on just-in-time
manufacturing methods and shorter delivery lead times.

 Although the demand for home furnishings in more developed geographic
regions such as Western Europe is relatively mature, major areas such as Eastern
Europe, the Middle East and certain portions of Asia have experienced rising
sales of furniture and home furnishings. Consumers in these areas are often
attracted to those designs and fashions that mirror American tastes, and
U.S.-based manufacturers such as Culp have been able to capitalize on this
preference. Production costs of fabrics involve a relatively low labor
component, which provides an advantage for a company with modern, efficient
manufacturing equipment and systems. The large size of the furniture market
within the United States has helped establish an upholstery fabrics industry
that features ready access to a variety of raw materials, larger manufacturers
with lower costs resulting from economies of scale and the availability of new
designs and patterns. The Company believes that these characteristics assist
Culp in competing effectively in international markets.

Overview of Commercial Furniture Industry

 The commercial furniture market in the United States represents annual
shipments by manufacturers valued at approximately 11 billion. Seating and
office systems, which represent the primary uses of upholstery in this industry,
represented annual sales of approximately 6 billion annually. At the
manufacturing level, the industry is highly concentrated. The top six
manufacturers of commercial furniture account for an estimated 60 of total
industry shipments. Although demand for commercial furniture can be affected by
general economic trends, the historical pattern has been one of generally steady
growth. According to industry sources, since 1971 office furniture shipments in
the United States have increased at a compound annual rate of 10 . Although the
nation's economy has experienced four economic recessions and five years of
negative real GDP growth during the last three decades, office furniture
shipments declined in only two years during that period (1975 and 1991).

 Dealers aligned with specific furniture brands account for over half of
industry shipments of commercial furniture. Some shift in the distribution of
commercial furniture has occurred in recent years in conjunction with the growth
in national and regional chains featuring office supplies.

Overview of Bedding Industry

 According to data compiled by the International Sleep Products
Association ("ISPA"), the domestic conventional bedding market, which generated
estimated wholesale revenues of 3.4 billion during calendar year 1997, includes
approximately 800 manufacturers of mattress sets. The conventional bedding
market accounts for greater than 85 of the entire bedding market in North
America. Approximately 75 of the conventional bedding manufactured in the U.S.
is sold to furniture stores and specialty sleep shops. Most of the remaining 25 
is sold to department stores, national mass merchandisers, membership clubs and
contract customers (including motels, hotels and hospitals). Approximately
two-thirds of conventional bedding is sold for replacement purposes and the
average time lapse between mattress purchases is approximately 10 to 12 years.

-9-

Products

 As described above, the Company's products include principally
upholstery fabrics and mattress ticking.

 UPHOLSTERY FABRICS. The Company derives the majority of its revenues
from the sale of upholstery fabrics primarily to the residential and commercial
(contract) furniture markets. Sales of upholstery fabrics totaled 80 of sales
for fiscal 1998. The Company has emphasized fabrics and patterns that have broad
appeal at promotional to medium prices, generally ranging from 2.25 per yard to
 9.25 per yard.

 MATTRESS TICKING. The Company also manufactures mattress ticking
(fabric used for covering mattresses and box springs) for sale to bedding
manufacturers. Sales of mattress ticking constituted 18 of sales in fiscal
1998. The Company has emphasized fabrics and patterns which have broad appeal at
prices generally ranging from 1.20 to 7.00 per yard.

 The Company's upholstery fabrics and mattress ticking can each be
broadly grouped under the three main categories of wovens, prints and velvets.
The following table indicates the product lines within each of these categories,
a brief description of their characteristics and identification of their
principal end-use markets.

 Culp Fabric Categories
 ----------------------

Upholstery Fabrics Characteristics Principal Markets
- ------------------ --------------- -----------------
 
Wovens:
Jacquards Elaborate, complex designs such as florals and Residential furniture
 tapestries in traditional, transitional and Commercial furniture
 contemporary styles. Woven on intricate looms using a
 wide variety of synthetic and natural yarns.

Dobbies Geometric designs such as plaids, stripes and solids Residential furniture
 in traditional and country styles. Woven on less Commercial furniture
 complicated looms using a variety of weaving
 constructions and primarily synthetic yarns.

Prints:
Wet prints Contemporary patterns with deep, rich colors on a Residential furniture
 nylon flock base fabric for a very soft texture and Juvenile furniture
 excellent wearability. Produced by screen printing
 directly onto the base fabric.

Heat-transfer prints Sharp, intricate designs on flock or jacquard base Residential furniture
 fabrics. Plush feel (flocks), deep colors (jacquards) Juvenile furniture
 and excellent wearability. Produced by using heat and
 pressure to transfer color from printed paper onto
 base fabric.

Velvets:
Woven velvets Basic designs such as plaids and semi-plains in Residential furniture
 traditional and contemporary styles with a plush
 feel. Woven with a short-cut pile using various
 weaving methods and synthetic yarns.

Tufted velvets Lower cost production process of velvets in which Residential furniture
 synthetic yarns are punched into a base polyester
 fabric for texture. Similar designs as woven velvets.

-10-

Mattress Ticking Characteristics Principal Markets
- ---------------- --------------- -----------------
 
Wovens:
Jacquards Florals and other intricate designs. Woven on complex Bedding
 looms using a wide variety of synthetic and natural
 yarns.

Prints:
Heat-transfer prints Sharp, detailed designs. Produced by using heat and Bedding
 pressure to transfer color from printed paper onto
 base fabrics, including woven jacquards, knits and
 poly/cotton sheetings.

Pigment prints Variety of designs produced economically by screen Bedding
 printing pigments onto a variety of base fabrics,
 including jacquards, knits, poly/cotton sheeting and
 non-wovens.
==========================================================================================================

Although fabrics marketed for upholstery applications and those used
for mattress ticking may have similar appearances, mattress ticking must be
manufactured on weaving and printing equipment in wider widths to accommodate
the physical size of box springs and mattresses. The Company's products include
all major types of coverings, except for leather, that manufacturers use today
for furniture and bedding. The Company also markets fabrics for certain
specialty markets, but these do not currently represent a material portion of
the Company's business.

Manufacturing

 Substantially all of the upholstery fabric and mattress ticking
currently marketed by Culp is produced at thirteen of the Company's
manufacturing facilities. These plants encompass a total of 2.2 million square
feet and include yarn extrusion, spinning, dyeing and texturizing equipment,
narrow and wide-width jacquard looms, dobby and woven velvet looms, tufting
machines, printing equipment for pigment, heat-transfer and wet printing, fabric
finishing equipment and various types of surface finishing equipment (such as
washing, softening and embossing). Culp is actively pursuing ISO certification
for its manufacturing facilities. ISO certification is an international
recognition of a Company's ability to deliver high quality products and
services. Culp's facilities at Stokesdale, North Carolina, which produces
mattress ticking, and at Anderson, South Carolina, which produces woven velvet
upholstery fabric, were awarded ISO-9002 certification during fiscal 1997.
Additionally, the Company's facility at Pageland, South Carolina, which produces
jacquard and dobby upholstery fabric, and the finishing facility in Burlington,
North Carolina were awarded ISO-9002 certification in fiscal 1998. The Company
is planning to complete the ISO certification process at its other facilities
over the next several years.

 The Company's woven fabrics are made from various types of synthetic
and natural yarn, such as polypropylene, polyester, acrylic, rayon, nylon or
cotton. Yarn is woven into various fabrics on jacquard, dobby or velvet weaving
equipment. Once the weaving is completed, the fabric can be printed or finished
using a variety of processes. The Company currently extrudes and spins a portion
of its own needs for yarn and purchases the remainder from outside suppliers.
Although the Company believes it will to continue to rely on suppliers for the
majority of its yarn requirements, the percentage of internally generated yarn
is expected to increase as additional extrusion equipment for polypropylene yarn
is added over the next year. As a result of the acquisition of Artee Industries
(including the purchase of Wetumpka Yarn) during fiscal 1998, Culp expects to
satisfy internally a substantial amount of its needs for spun and chenille
yarns. The Company also plans to continue supplying other fabric manufacturers
with spun yarns manufactured by the Artee Industries business unit. Culp
purchases a significant amount of greige goods (unfinished, uncolored base
fabrics) from other suppliers to be printed at the Company's plants, but has
increased its internal production capability for jacquard greige goods. The
acquisition of

 -11-

Rayonese in fiscal 1995 increased the Company's capacity to produce its own
jacquard greige goods. Culp has installed additional airjet weaving machines at
Rayonese to significantly increase its capacity for jacquard greige goods.

 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 1997, the Company installed its
first flock coating line to produce flock greige goods to be used primarily as
the base cloth for wet and heat-transfer-printed flock products. Flock fabrics
are produced by the application of very short nylon fibers onto a poly/cotton
woven base fabric to create a velvet effect. During the flock coating process,
the fibers are bonded onto the base fabric with an adhesive substance by
utilizing an electrostatic charging procedure which causes the fibers to
vertically align with the base fabric.

 Tufted velvet fabrics are produced by tufting machines which insert an
acrylic or polypropylene yarn through a polyester woven base fabric creating
loop pile surface material which is then sheared to create a velvet surface.
Tufted velvet fabrics are typically lower-cost fabrics utilized in the Company's
lower-priced product mix.

 The Company's printing operations include pigment and heat-transfer
methods, as well as wet printing. The Company also produces its own printed
heat-transfer paper, another component of vertical integration. Wet printing is
the most recent addition to the Company's printing capabilities. The start-up of
the Lumberton, North Carolina facility during the first quarter of fiscal 1998
approximately doubled the Company's wet-printing capacity.

Product Design and Styling

 Consumer tastes and preferences related to upholstered furniture and
bedding change, albeit gradually, over time. The use of new fabrics and designs
remains an important consideration for manufacturers to distinguish their
products at retail and to capitalize on even small changes in preferred colors,
patterns and textures. Culp's success is largely dependent on the Company's
ability to market fabrics with appealing designs and patterns. Culp has a staff
of over 90 designers and support personnel involved in the design and
development of new patterns and styles, including designers with experience in
designing products for specific international markets. Culp uses computer aided
design (CAD) systems in the development of new fabrics which assists the Company
in providing a very flexible design program. These systems have enabled the
Company's designers to experiment with new ideas and involve customers more
actively in the process. The use of CAD systems also has supported the Company's
emphasis on integrating manufacturing considerations into the early phase of a
new design. The completion of the Howard L. Dunn, Jr. design center in January
1998 has enabled most of the Company's designers to be located in the same
facility to support the sharing of design ideas and CAD and other technologies.
The design center has enhanced the Company's merchandising and marketing efforts
by providing an environment in which customers can be shown new products as well
as participate in product development initiatives.

 The process of developing new designs involves maintaining an awareness
of broad fashion and color trends both in the United States and internationally.
These concepts are blended with input from the Company's customers to develop
new fabric designs and styles. Most of these designs are introduced by Culp at
major trade conferences that occur twice a year in the United States (January
and July) and annually in several major international markets.

-12-

Distribution

 The majority of the Company's products are shipped directly from its
distribution centers at or near manufacturing facilities. This "direct ship"
program is primarily utilized by large manufacturers. Generally, small and
medium-size residential furniture manufacturers use one of the Company's three
regional distribution facilities which have been strategically positioned in
areas which have a high concentration of residential furniture manufacturers -
High Point, North Carolina, Los Angeles, California and Tupelo, Mississippi. In
addition, the Company maintains an inventory at a distributor's warehouse
facility in Malbork, Poland and an inventory of upholstery fabric at a warehouse
in Grand Rapids, Michigan to supply large commercial furniture manufacturers in
that area on a "just in time" basis. The Company closely monitors demand in each
distribution territory to decide which patterns and styles to hold in inventory.
These products are available on demand by customers and are usually shipped
within 48 hours of receipt of an order. Substantially all of the Company's
shipments of mattress ticking are made from its manufacturing facilities in
Stokesdale, North Carolina and St. Jerome, Quebec, Canada.

 In international markets, Culp sells primarily to distributors that
maintain inventories of upholstery fabrics for resale to furniture
manufacturers. The Company plans to explore the establishment of distribution
facilities in certain areas outside the United States to support increasing
international sales.

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials

 Raw materials account for more than half of the Company's total
production costs. The Company purchases various types of synthetic and natural
yarns (polypropylene, polyester, acrylic, nylon, rayon and cotton), synthetic
staple fibers (acrylic, rayon, polypropylene, polyester), various types of
greige goods (poly/cotton wovens and flocks, polyester wovens, poly/rayon and
poly/cotton jacquard wovens, polyester knits, poly/cotton sheeting and
non-wovens), polypropylene resins, nylon flock fibers, rayon staple, latex
adhesives, dyes and chemicals from a variety of suppliers. The Company has made
a significant investment in becoming more vertically integrated and producing
more of its jacquard greige goods, polypropylene yarns, package dyed yarns and
printed heat-transfer paper internally. As a result, a larger portion of its raw
materials are comprised of more basic commodities such as rayon staple, undyed
yarns, polypropylene resin chips, certain polyester warp yarns, unprinted
heat-transfer paper and unflocked poly/cotton base fabric. Although the Company
is dependent upon one supplier for all of its nylon flock fibers, most of the
Company's raw materials are available from more than one primary source, and
prices of such materials fluctuate depending upon current supply and demand
conditions and the general rate of inflation. Many of the Company's basic raw
materials are petrochemical products or are produced from such products, and
therefore the Company's raw material costs are particularly sensitive to changes
in petrochemical prices. Generally, the Company has not had significant
difficulty in obtaining raw materials.

Competition

 In spite of the trend toward consolidation in the upholstery fabric
market, the Company competes against a large number of producers, ranging from
large manufacturers comparable in size to the Company to small producers and
marketers of specialty fabrics. The Company believes its principal upholstery
fabrics competitors are the Burlington House Fabrics division of Burlington
Industries, Inc., Joan Fabrics Corporation (including its Mastercraft division),
Microfibres, Inc., and Quaker Fabric Corporation. Conversely, the mattress
ticking market is concentrated in a few relatively large suppliers.

-13-

The Company believes its principal mattress ticking competitors are Bekaert
Textiles B.V., Blumenthal Print Works, Inc., Burlington House Fabrics division
of Burlington Industries, Inc. and Tietex, Inc. Although the Company believes it
is the largest supplier of furniture upholstery fabrics and a leading supplier
of mattress ticking to the bedding industry, some of the Company's competitors
are larger overall and have greater financial resources than the Company.
Competition for the Company's products is based primarily on price, design,
quality, timing of delivery and service.

Technology

 Culp views the use of technology as a very important element in the
Company's efforts to achieve higher levels of service to its customers and to
produce and deliver its products in an efficient and cost-effective manner. Some
of Culp's key initiatives in this area include:

o The Company has created a home page on the Internet (www.Culp.com).
 Through the Internet and the Culp home page, customers can use a system
 known as CulpLink to view their current order status, shipping and
 invoice information, and twelve months of sales history. The CulpLink
 system was developed internally by the Company's MIS department and
 provides superior communication with customers throughout the world.

o Culp has implemented significant upgrades to its design technology and
 has opened the state-of-the-art Howard L. Dunn, Jr. Design Center. The
 Company has used computer aided design (CAD) technology for many years,
 and recent upgrades in hardware and software in the CAD department have
 made the process of moving from design to a finished project both
 faster and simpler. The Company also is developing an image archiving
 system that will allow electronic storage of all artwork and easy
 access to artwork for designers.

o Local Area Networks (LANs) have been installed at individual plants,
 and all of these are combined into one Wide Area Network (WAN),
 allowing easy information exchange between various Culp locations and
 communication with customers and suppliers through the Internet. Culp
 has installed fiber optic cable networks as the communication backbone
 throughout the Company, placing the Company in position to easily
 expand the user base and to take advantage of this faster data transfer
 medium for potential future uses such as video conferencing and
 transferring large files like those required for digital images.

o The Company has recently completed the installation of new shop floor
 data collection systems to track inventory movement. This initiative
 includes the use of fixed laser scanners, hand-held radio frequency
 devices, and industrialized keyboards and display stations at key
 points throughout the manufacturing process to record the movement of
 goods through production and shipping. The Company makes extensive use
 of bar-coding to track products throughout its manufacturing and
 distribution systems, and the Company has recently installed new
 thermal transfer printers for high quality printing of bar-coded labels
 and work orders.

-14-

Environmental and Other Regulations

 The Company is subject to various federal and state laws and
regulations, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act and federal and
state environmental laws, as well as similar laws governing its Rayonese
facility in Canada. The Company periodically reviews its compliance with such
laws and regulations in an attempt to minimize the risk of material violations.

 The Company's operations involve a variety of materials and processes
that are subject to environmental regulation. Under current law, environmental
liability can arise from previously owned properties, leased properties and
properties owned by third parties, as well as from properties currently owned
and leased by the Company. Environmental liabilities can also be asserted by
adjacent landowners or other third parties in toxic tort litigation.

 In addition, under the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), and analogous
state statutes, liability can be imposed for the disposal of waste at sites
targeted for cleanup by federal and state regulatory authorities. Liability
under CERCLA is strict as well as joint and several. The Company has accrued
reserves for environmental matters based on information presently available.
Based on this information and the Company's established reserves, the Company
does not believe that environmental matters will have a material adverse effect
on either the Company's financial condition or results of operations. However,
there can be no assurance that the costs associated with environmental matters
will not increase in the future.

Employees

 As of May 3, 1998, the Company had approximately 4,300 employees,
including the employees from Phillips Mills, Artee Industries and Wetumpka
acquisitions. All of the hourly employees at the Company's facility in West
Hazleton, Pennsylvania and all of the hourly employees at the Rayonese facility
in Canada (approximately 12 of the Company's workforce) are represented by a
union. The collective bargaining agreement with respect to the hourly employees
at the Pennsylvania plant expires in 1999. Additionally, the collective
bargaining agreement with respect to the Rayonese hourly employees expires in
1999. The Company is not aware of any efforts to organize any more of its
employees and believes its relations with its employees are good.

Customers and Sales

 Culp's size, broad product line, diverse manufacturing base and
effective distribution system enable it to market products to over 2,000
customers. Major customers are leading manufacturers of upholstered furniture,
including Bassett, Furniture Brands International (Broyhill, Thomasville and
Lane), Lifestyles International (Berkline, Universal, Benchcraft, Drexel,
Henredon and others), Flexsteel, La-Z-Boy and LADD (Clayton Marcus, Barclay,
Pennsylvania House and American Drew). Representative customers for the
Company's fabrics for commercial furniture include Herman Miller, HON Industries
and Steelcase. In the mattress ticking area, Culp's customer base includes
leading bedding manufacturers such as Sealy, Serta, Simmons and Spring Air.
Culp's customers also include many small and medium-size furniture and bedding
manufacturers. In international markets, Culp sells upholstery fabrics primarily
to distributors that maintain inventories for resale to furniture manufacturers.

 The following table sets forth the Company's net sales by geographic
area by amount and percentage of total net sales for the three most recent
fiscal years.

-15-

Net Sales by Geographic Area
 (dollars in thousands)

Fiscal 1998 Fiscal 1997 Fiscal 1996
 ----------- ----------- -----------
 
United States 339,492 71.2 297,308 74.5 274,270 78.0 
North America
(excluding U.S.) 31,160 6.5 27,479 6.9 23,528 6.7
Europe 30,775 6.5 25,245 6.3 18,927 5.4
Middle East 34,412 7.2 23,505 5.9 15,609 4.4
Asia and Pacific Rim 32,344 6.8 19,646 4.9 12,124 3.4
South America 5,158 1.1 2,604 0.7 2,753 0.8
All other areas 3,374 0.7 3,092 0.8 4,456 1.3
 -------- ----- -------- ----- -------- -----

Subtotal 137,223 28.8 101,571 25.5 77,397 22.0
 -------- ----- -------- ----- -------- -----

Total 476,715 100.0 398,879 100.0 351,667 100.0 
 ======== ===== ======== ===== ======== =====

Backlog

 Because a large portion of the Company's customers have an opportunity
to cancel orders, it is difficult to predict the amount of the backlog that is
"firm." Many customers may cancel orders before goods are placed into
production, and some may cancel at a later time. In addition, the Company
markets a significant portion of its sales through its Regional Warehouse System
from in-stock order positions. On May 3, 1998, the portion of the backlog with
confirmed shipping dates prior to June 7, 1998 was 40.2 million, and on April
27, 1997, the portion of the backlog with confirmed shipping dates prior to June
2, 1997 was 30.3 million.

Year 2000 Considerations

 Management has developed a plan to modify the Company's information
technology to recognize the year 2000. The plan has three distinct areas of
focus - traditional information systems, technology used in support areas, and
preparedness of suppliers and customers.

 The initiative for traditional information systems started as far back
as 1992 and has substantially completed all of the Company's operational systems
(order entry, billing, sales, finished goods) and financial systems (payroll,
human resources, accounts payable, accounts receivable, general ledger, fixed
assets). Currently the Company is focused on the remaining systems that support
the Company's manufacturing processes and plans to be substantially complete by
May 1, 1999.

 The second area of focus has been an assessment of non-traditional
information technology which includes the electronics in equipment such as
telephone switches and manufacturing equipment. A plan, targeted to be
substantially complete by May 1, 1999, has been formed to evaluate all these
components at every location.

 The third area of focus is to communicate with suppliers and vendors to
understand their level of compliance and assure a constant flow of materials to
support business plans. Communication to date has shown a high level of
awareness and planning by these parties.

 The plan is being administered by a team of internal staff and
management and the cost of this initiative, principally represented by internal
resources, is not expected to be material to the Company's results of operations
or financial position. This project is not expected to have a significant effect
on the Company's operations, though no assurance can be given in this regard.

 -16-

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

The Company's headquarters are located in High Point, North Carolina,
and the Company currently operates seventeen (17) manufacturing facilities and
three (3) regional distribution facilities. The following is a summary of the
Company's principal administrative, manufacturing and distribution facilities.
The manufacturing facilities are organized by business unit.

Approx.
 Total Area Expiration
Location Principal Use (Sq. Ft.) of Lease (1)
- -------- ------------- ---------- -------------
 
o Headquarters and Distribution
 Centers:
 High Point, North Carolina Corporate headquarters 37,000 2015
 Burlington, North Carolina Design Center 30,000 Owned
 High Point, North Carolina Regional distribution 65,000 2008
 Los Angeles, California Regional distribution 33,000 2007
 Tupelo, Mississippi Regional distribution 35,000 2002
o Culp Textures:
 Graham, North Carolina Manufacturing 341,000 Owned
 Burlington, North Carolina Manufacturing and distribution 302,000 Owned
 Pageland, South Carolina Manufacturing 96,000 Owned
 Burlington, North Carolina Distribution and Yarn Warehouse 112,500 Owned
o Rossville/Chromatex:
 Chattanooga, Tennessee Manufacturing and distribution 290,000 2018
 West Hazleton, Pennsylvania Manufacturing 110,000 2013
 West Hazleton, Pennsylvania Manufacturing and distribution 100,000 2008
o Velvets/Prints:
 Burlington, North Carolina Manufacturing and distribution 275,000 2021
 Lumberton, North Carolina Manufacturing 107,000 Owned
 Anderson, South Carolina Manufacturing 99,000 Owned
o Culp Home Fashions:
 Stokesdale, North Carolina Manufacturing and distribution 140,000 Owned
 St. Jerome, Quebec, Canada Manufacturing and distribution 202,000 Owned
o Phillips Mills:
 Monroe, North Carolina Manufacturing 70,000 2007
 Monroe, North Carolina Manufacturing 70,000 2004
 High Point, North Carolina Sales, Design and Administration 12,000 2007
o Artee Industries:
 Shelby, North Carolina Manufacturing 101,000 Owned
 Lincolnton, North Carolina Manufacturing 78,000 Owned
 Cherryville, North Carolina Manufacturing 135,000 Owned
 Wetumpka, Alabama Manufacturing 145,000 Owned

- ------------
(1) Includes all options to renew

-17-

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

 There are no legal proceedings to which the Company, or its
subsidiaries, is a party or of which any of their property is the subject that
are required to be disclosed under this item.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A
 VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

 There were no matters submitted to a vote of shareholders
during the fourth quarter ended May 3, 1998.

PART II

 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON
 STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

 Information with respect to the market for the Company's
common stock and related shareholder matters is included in the Company's Annual
Report to Shareholders for the year ended May 3, 1998, in the Consolidated
Statements of Shareholders' Equity (dividend information), in the Selected
Quarterly Data under the caption "Stock Data," in the Selected Annual Data under
the caption "Stock Data," in the Shareholder Information under the caption
"Stock Listing" on the back cover page, which information is herein incorporated
by reference.

 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

 This information is included in the Company's above referenced
Annual Report to Shareholders, under the caption "Selected Annual Data," and is
herein incorporated by reference.

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations is included in the Company's above referenced Annual
Report to Shareholders under the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and is herein incorporated by
reference.

 ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

 The consolidated financial statements and supplementary data
are included in the Company's above referenced Annual Report to Shareholders,
and are herein incorporated by reference. Item 14 of this report contains
specific page number references to the consolidated financial statements and
supplementary data included in the Annual Report.

 EXCEPT FOR SUCH PORTIONS OF THE COMPANY'S ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED MAY 3, 1998 THAT ARE EXPRESSLY INCORPORATED BY
 REFERENCE INTO THIS REPORT, SUCH REPORT IS NOT TO BE DEEMED FILED AS
 PART OF THIS FILING.

 -18-

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
 ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

 During the two years ended May 3, 1998 and any subsequent
interim periods, there were no changes of accountants and/or disagreements on
any matters of accounting principles or practices or financial statement
disclosures.

PART III

 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

 Information with respect to executive officers and directors
of the Company is included in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be
filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
under the caption "Nominees, Directors and Executive Officers" and "Reports Of
Securities Ownership," which information is herein incorporated by reference.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

 Information with respect to executive compensation is included
in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation
14A of the Securities and Exchange Commission, under the caption "Executive
Compensation," which information is herein incorporated by reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
 OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

 Information with respect to the security ownership of certain
beneficial owners and management is included in the Company's definitive Proxy
Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, under the caption "Voting Securities," which information is herein
incorporated by reference.

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

 Information with respect to certain relationships and related
transactions is included in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities and Exchange Commission, under the
subcaption "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions," which information
is herein incorporated by reference.

-19-

PART IV

 ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
 AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

a) DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT:

 1. Consolidated Financial Statements

 The following consolidated financial statements of Culp, Inc.
and subsidiary from the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year
ended May 3, 1998, are incorporated by reference into this report.

 Page of Annual
 Report to
 Shareholders
Item [Exhibit 13(a)]

Consolidated Balance Sheets - May 3, 1998 and....................... 16
 April 27, 1997

Consolidated Statements of Income -
 for the years ended May 3, 1998,
 April 27, 1997 and April 28, 1996................................. 17

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity -
 for the years ended May 3, 1998,
 April 27, 1997 and April 28, 1996................................. 18

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows -
 for the years ended May 3, 1998,
 April 27, 1997, and April 28, 1996 ................................ 19

Consolidated Notes to Financial Statements.......................... 20

Report of Independent Auditors ..................................... 28

2. Financial Statement Schedules

 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are
not applicable, or not required, or because the required information is included
in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

-20-

3. Exhibits

 The following exhibits are attached at the end of this report,
or incorporated by reference herein. Management contracts, compensatory plans,
and arrangements are marked with an asterisk ).

3(i) Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended,
 were filed as Exhibit 3(i) to the Company's Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended January 29, 1995, filed March 15, 1995,
 and are incorporated herein by reference.

 3(ii) Restated and Amended Bylaws of the Company, as amended,
 were filed as Exhibit 3(b) to the Company's Form 10-K for
 the year ended April 28, 1991, filed July 25, 1991, and
 are incorporated herein by reference.

 10(a) Loan Agreement dated December 1, 1988 with Chesterfield
 County, South Carolina relating to Series 1988 Industrial
 Revenue Bonds in the principal amount of 3,377,000 was
 filed as Exhibit 10(n) to the Company's Form 10-K for the
 year ended April 29, 1989, and is incorporated herein by
 reference.

 10(b) Loan Agreement dated November 1, 1988 with the Alamance
 County Industrial Facilities and Pollution Control
 Financing Authority relating to Series A and B Industrial
 Revenue Refunding Bonds in the principal amount of
 7,900,000, was filed as exhibit 10(o) to the Company's
 Form 10-K for the year ended April 29, 1990, and is
 incorporated herein by reference.

 10(c) Loan Agreement dated January, 1990 with the Guilford
 County Industrial Facilities and Pollution Control
 Financing Authority, North Carolina, relating to Series
 1989 Industrial Revenue Bonds in the principal amount of
 4,500,000, was filed as Exhibit 10(d) to the Company's
 Form 10-K for the year ended April 19, 1990, filed on
 July 15, 1990, and is incorporated herein by reference.

 10(d) Loan Agreement dated as of December 1, 1993 between
 Anderson County, South Carolina and the Company relating
 to 6,580,000 Anderson County, South Carolina Industrial
 Revenue Bonds (Culp, Inc. Project) Series 1993, was filed
 as Exhibit 10(o) to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended January 30, 1994, filed March 16, 1994, and
 is incorporated herein by reference.

 10(e) Form of Severance Protection Agreement, dated
 September 21, 1989, was filed as Exhibit 10(f) to the
 Company's Form 10-K for the year ended April 29, 1990,
 filed on July 25, 1990, and is incorporated herein by
 reference. )

 10(f) Lease Agreement, dated January 19, 1990, with Phillips
 Interests, Inc. was filed as Exhibit 10(g) to the
 Company's Form 10-K for the year ended April 29, 1990,
 filed on July 25, 1990, and is incorporated herein by
 reference.

-21-

10(g) Management Incentive Plan of the Company, dated August
 1986 and amended July 1989, filed as Exhibit 10(o) to the
 Company's Form 10-K for the year ended May 3, 1992, filed
 on August 4, 1992, and is incorporated herein by
 reference. )

 10(h) Lease Agreement, dated September 6, 1988, with
 Partnership 74 was filed as Exhibit 10(h) to the
 Company's Form 10-K for the year ended April 28, 1991,
 filed on July 25, 1990, and is incorporated herein by
 reference.

 10(i) Amendment and Restatement of the Employee's Retirement
 Builder Plan of the Company dated May 1, 1981 with
 amendments dated January 1, 1990 and January 8, 1990 were
 filed as Exhibit 10(p) to the Company's Form 10-K for the
 year ended May 3, 1992, filed on August 4, 1992, and is
 incorporated herein by reference. )

 10(j) First Amendment of Lease Agreement dated July 27, 1992
 with Partnership 74 Associates was filed as Exhibit 10(n)
 to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended May 2,
 1993, filed on July 29, 1993, and is incorporated herein
 by reference.

 10(k) Second Amendment of Lease Agreement dated April 16, 1993,
 with Partnership 52 Associates was filed as Exhibit 10(l)
 to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended May 2,
 1993, filed on July 29, 1993, and is incorporated herein
 by reference.

 10(l) 1993 Stock Option Plan was filed as Exhibit 10(o) to the
 Company's Form 10-K for the year ended May 2, 1993, filed
 on July 29, 1993, and is incorporated herein by
 reference. )

 10(m) First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of December 1,
 1993 by and between The Guilford County Industrial
 Facilities and Pollution Control Financing Authority and
 the Company was filed as Exhibit 10(p) to the Company's
 Form 10-Q, filed on March 15, 1994, and is incorporated
 herein by reference.

 10(n) First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of December
 16, 1993 by and between The Alamance County Industrial
 Facilities and Pollution Control Financing Authority and
 the Company was filed as Exhibit 10(q) to the Company's
 Form 10-Q, filed on March 15, 1994, and is incorporated
 herein by reference.

 10(o) First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of December
 16, 1993 by and between Chesterfield County, South
 Carolina and the Company was filed as Exhibit 10(r) to
 the Company's Form 10-Q, filed on March 15, 1994, and is
 incorporated herein by reference.

 10(p) Amendment to Lease dated as of November 4, 1994, by
 and between the Company and RDC, Inc. was filed as
 Exhibit 10(w) to the Company's Form 10-Q, for the
 quarter ended January 29, 1995, filed on March 15,
 1995, and is incorporated herein by reference.

-22-

10(q) Amendment to Lease Agreement dated as of December 14,
 1994, by and between the Company and Rossville
 Investments, Inc. (formerly known as A & E Leasing,
 Inc.). was filed as Exhibit 10(y) to the Company's Form
 10-Q, for the quarter ended January 29, 1995, filed on
 March 15, 1995, and is incorporated herein by reference.

 10(r) Interest Rate Swap Agreement between Company and First
 Union National Bank of North Carolina dated April 17,
 1995, was filed as Exhibit 10(aa) to the Company's Form
 10-K for the year ended April 30, 1995, filed on July 26,
 1995, and is incorporated herein by reference.

 10(s) Performance-Based Stock Option Plan, dated June 21,
 1994, was filed as Exhibit 10(bb) to the Company's Form
 10-K for the year ended April 30, 1995, filed on July
 26, 1995, and is incorporated herein by reference. )

 10(t) Interest Rate Swap Agreement between Company and First
 Union National Bank of North Carolina, dated May 31, 1995
 was filed as exhibit 10(w) to the Company's Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended July 30, 1995, filed on September 12,
 1995, and is incorporated herein by reference.

 10(u) Interest Rate Swap Agreement between Company and First
 Union National Bank of North Carolina, dated July 7, 1995
 was filed as exhibit 10(x) to the Company's Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended July 30, 1995, filed on September 12,
 1995, and is incorporated herein by reference.

 10(v) Second Amendment of Lease Agreement dated June 15,
 1994 with Partnership 74 Associates was filed as
 Exhibit 10(v) to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended October 29, 1995, filed on December 12,
 1995, and is incorporated herein by reference.

 10(w) Lease Agreement dated November 1, 1993 by and between the
 Company and Chromatex, Inc. was filed as Exhibit 10(w) to
 the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 29,
 1995, filed on December 12, 1995, and is incorporated
 herein by reference.

 10(x) Lease Agreement dated November 1, 1993 by and between the
 Company and Chromatex Properties, Inc. was filed as
 Exhibit 10(x) to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter
 ended October 29, 1995, filed on December 12, 1995, and
 is incorporated herein by reference.

 10(y) Amendment to Lease Agreement dated May 1, 1994 by and
 between the Company and Chromatex Properties, Inc. was
 filed as Exhibit 10(y) to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended October 29, 1995, filed on December 12,
 1995, and is incorporated herein by reference.

 10(z) Canada-Quebec Subsidiary Agreement on Industrial
 Development (1991), dated January 4, 1995, was filed as
 Exhibit 10(z) to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter
 ended October 29, 1995, filed on December 12, 1995, and
 is incorporated herein by reference.

-23-

10(aa) Loan Agreement between Chesterfield County, South
 Carolina and the Company dated as of April 1, 1996
 relating to Tax Exempt Adjustable Mode Industrial
 Development Bonds (Culp, Inc. Project) Series 1996 in the
 aggregate principal amount of 6,000,000 was filed as
 Exhibit 10(aa) to the Company's Form 10-K for the year
 ended April 28, 1996, and is incorporated herein by
 reference.

 10(bb) Loan Agreement between the Alamance County Industrial
 Facilities and Pollution Control Financing Authority,
 North Carolina and the Company, dated December 1, 1996,
 relating to Tax Exempt Adjustable Mode Industrial
 Development Revenue Bonds, (Culp, Inc. Project Series
 1996) in the aggregate amount of 6,000,000 was filed as
 Exhibit 10(cc) to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter
 ended January 26, 1997, and is incorporated herein by
 reference.

 10(cc) Loan Agreement between Luzerne County, Pennsylvania and
 the Company, dated as of December 1, 1996, relating to
 Tax-Exempt Adjustable Mode Industrial Development Revenue
 Bonds (Culp, Inc. Project) Series 1996 in the aggregate
 principal amount of 3,500,000 was filed as Exhibit
 10(dd) to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 January 26, 1997, and is incorporated herein by
 reference.

 10(dd) Second Amendment to Lease Agreement between Chromatex
 Properties, Inc. and the Company, dated April 17, 1997
 was filed as Exhibit 10(dd) to the Company's Form 10-K
 for the year ended April 27, 1997, and is incorporated
 herein by reference.

 10(ee) Lease Agreement between Joseph E. Proctor (doing business
 as JEPCO) and the Company, dated April 21, 1997 was filed
 as Exhibit 10(ee) to the Company's Form 10-K for the year
 ended April 27, 1997, and is incorporated herein by
 reference.

 10(ff) 125,000,000 Revolving Loan Facility dated April 23, 1997
 by and among the Company and Wachovia Bank of Georgia,
 N.A., as agent, and First Union National Bank of North
 Carolina, as documentation agent was filed as Exhibit
 10(ff) to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended
 April 27, 1997, and is incorporated herein by reference.

 10(gg) Revolving Line of Credit for 4,000,000 dated April 23,
 1997 by and between the Company and Wachovia Bank of
 North Carolina, N.A. was filed as Exhibit 10(gg) to the
 Company's Form 10-K for the year ended April 27, 1997,
 and is incorporated herein by reference.

 10(hh) Reimbursement and Security Agreement between Culp, Inc.
 and Wachovia Bank of North Carolina, N.A., dated as of
 April 1, 1997, relating to 3,337,000 Principal Amount,
 Chesterfield County, South Carolina Industrial Revenue
 Bonds (Culp, Inc. Project) Series 1988 was filed as
 Exhibit 10(hh) to the Company's Form 10-K for the year
 ended April 27, 1997, and is incorporated herein by
 reference.

-24-

Additionally, there are Reimbursement and Security
 Agreements between Culp, Inc. and Wachovia Bank of North
 Carolina, N.A., dated as of April 1, 1997 in the
 following amounts and with the following facilities:

 7,900,000 Principal Amount, Alamance County
 Industrial Facilities and Pollution Control Financing
 Authority Industrial Revenue Refunding Bonds (Culp,
 Inc. Project) Series A and B.

 4,500,000 Principal Amount, Guilford County
 Industrial Facilities and Pollution Control Financing
 Authority Industrial Development Revenue Bonds
 (Culp, Inc. Project) Series 1989.

 6,580,000 Principal Amount, Anderson County South
 Carolina Industrial Revenue Bonds (Culp, Inc. Project)
 Series 1993.

 6,000,000 Principal Amount, Chesterfield County,
 South Carolina Tax-Exempt Adjustable Mode Industrial
 Development Revenue Bonds (Culp, Inc. Project) Series
 1996.

 6,000,000 Principal Amount, The Alamance County
 Industrial Facilities and Pollution Control Financing
 Authority Tax-exempt Adjustable Mode Industrial
 Development Revenue Bonds (Culp, Inc. Project) Series
 1996.

 3,500,000 Principal Amount, Luzerne County
 Industrial Development Authority Tax-Exempt Adjustable
 Mode Industrial Development Revenue Bonds (Culp,
 Inc. Project) Series 1996.

 10(ii) Loan Agreement and Reimbursement and Security Agreement
 dated July 1, 1997 with the Robeson County Industrial
 Facilities and Pollution Control Financing Authority
 relating to the issuance of Tax-Exempt Adjustable Mode
 Industrial Development Revenue Bonds (Culp, Inc.
 Project), Series 1997 in the aggregate principal amount
 of 8,500,000 was filed as Exhibit 10(ii) to the
 Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 3, 1997,
 and is incorporated herein by reference.

 10(jj) Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of August 4, 1997 by
 and between Culp, Inc., Phillips Weaving Mills, Inc.,
 Phillips Printing Mills, Inc., Phillips Velvet Mills,
 Inc., Phillips Mills, Inc., Phillips Property Company,
 LLC, Phillips Industries, Inc. and S. Davis Phillips was
 filed as Exhibit (10jj) to the Company's Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended November 2, 1997, and is incorporated
 herein by reference.

 10(kk) Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of October 14, 1997
 among Culp, Inc., Artee Industries, Incorporated, Robert
 T. Davis, Robert L. Davis, Trustee u/a dated 8/25/94,
 Robert L. Davis, Louis W. Davis, Kelly D. England, J.
 Marshall Bradley, Frankie S. Bradley and Mickey R.
 Bradley was filed as Exhibit 10(kk) to the Company's Form
 10-Q for the quarter ended November 2, 1997, and is
 incorporated herein by reference.

 -25-

10(ll) Form of Note Purchase Agreement (providing for the
 issuance by Culp, Inc. of its 20 million 6.76 Series A
 Senior Notes due 3/15/08 and its 55 million 6.76 
 Series B Senior Notes due 3/15/10), each dated March 4,
 1998, between Culp, Inc. and each of the following:
 1. Connecticut General Life Insurance Company;
 2. The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York;
 3. United of Omaha Life Insurance Company;
 4. Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company;
 5. The Prudential Insurance Company of America;
 6. Allstate Life Insurance Company;
 7. Life Insurance Company of North America; and
 8. CIGNA Property and Casualty Insurance Company

 13(a) Copy of the Company's 1998 Annual Report to
 Shareholders, for the year ended May 3, 1998, furnished
 for information only except with respect to those
 portions incorporated by reference into this report.

 22 List of subsidiaries of the Company.

 24(a) Consent of Independent Public Auditors in connection
 with the registration statements of Culp, Inc. on Form
 S-8 (File Nos. 33-13310, 33-37027, 33-80206, 33-62843,
 and 333-27519), dated March 20, 1987, September 18,
 1990, June 13, 1994, September 22, 1995, and May 21,
 1997.

 25(a) Power of Attorney of Harry R. Culp, dated July 6, 1998

 25(b) Power of Attorney of Howard L. Dunn, Jr., dated July 6,
 1998

 25(c) Power of Attorney of Robert T. Davis, dated July 6,
 1998

 25(d) Power of Attorney of Earl M. Honeycutt, dated July 3,
 1998

 25(e) Power of Attorney of Patrick H. Norton, dated July 6,
 1998

 25(f) Power of Attorney of Earl N. Phillips, Jr., dated July
 5, 1998

 25(g) Power of Attorney of Bland W. Worley, dated July 8, 1998

 25(h) Power of Attorney of Franklin N. Saxon, dated July 8,
 1998

 27 Financial Data Schedule

b) Reports on Form 8-K:

 The Company filed the following report on Form 8-K during the quarter
 ended May 3, 1998:

 (1) Form 8-K dated February 18, 1998, included under Item 5, Other
 Events, included the Company's press release for quarterly earnings
 and the Financial Information Release relating to certain financial
 information for the quarter ended February 1, 1998.

-26-

c) Exhibits:

 The exhibits to this Form 10-K are filed at the end of this Form 10-K
 immediately preceded by an index. A list of the exhibits begins on page
 29 under the subheading "Exhibits Index".

d) Financial Statement Schedules:

 See Item 14(a) (2)

-27-

SIGNATURES

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, CULP, INC. has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 31st day of July, 1998.

 CULP, INC.
 By /s/ Robert G. Culp, III
 ___________________
 Robert G. Culp, III
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

 By: /s/ Phillip W. Wilson
 ___________________
 Phillip W. Wilson
 (Vice President and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer)

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 31st day of July, 1998.

/s/ Robert G. Culp, III /s/ Franklin N. Saxon 
 ______________________ __________________
 Robert G. Culp, III Franklin N. Saxon
 (Chairman of the (Director)
 Board of Directors)

/s/ Earl N. Phillips, Jr. /s/ Harry R. Culp 
 ______________________ __________________
 Earl N. Phillips, Jr. Harry R. Culp
 (Director) (Director)

/s/ Howard L. Dunn, Jr. /s/ Robert T. Davis 
 ______________________ __________________
 Howard L. Dunn, Jr. Robert T. Davis
 (Director) (Director)

/s/ Earl M. Honeycutt /s/ Bland W. Worley 
 ______________________ __________________
 Earl M. Honeycutt Bland W. Worley
 (Director) (Director)

/s/ Patrick H. Norton 
 ______________________
 Patrick H. Norton
 (Director)

 By Phillip W. Wilson, Attorney-in-Fact, pursuant to Powers of Attorney filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

-28-

EXHIBITS INDEX
 --------------

Exhibit Number Exhibit
- -------------- -------

 10(ll) Form of Note Purchase Agreement (providing for the
 issuance by Culp, Inc. of its 20 million 6.76 Series A
 Senior Notes due 3/15/08 and its 55 million 6.76 Series
 B Senior Notes due 3/15/10), each dated March 4, 1998,
 between Culp, Inc. and each of the following:
 1. Connecticut General Life Insurance Company;
 2. The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York;
 3. United of Omaha Life Insurance Company;
 4. Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company;
 5. The Prudential Insurance Company of America;
 6. Allstate Life Insurance Company;
 7. Life Insurance Company of North America; and
 8. CIGNA Property and Casualty Insurance Company

 13(a) Copy of the Company's 1998 Annual Report to Shareholders,
 for the year ended May 3, 1998, furnished for information
 only except with respect to those portions incorporated
 by reference into this report.

 22 List of subsidiaries of the Company.

 24(a) Consent of Independent Public Auditors in connection with
 the registration statements of Culp, Inc. on Form S-8
 (File Nos. 33-13310, 33-37027, 33-80206, 33-62843, and
 333-27519), dated March 20, 1987, September 18, 1990,
 June 13, 1994, September 22, 1995, and May 21, 1997.

 25(a) Power of Attorney of Harry R. Culp, dated July 6, 1998

 25(b) Power of Attorney of Howard L. Dunn, Jr., dated July 6,
 1998

 25(c) Power of Attorney of Robert T. Davis, dated July 6,
 1998

 25(d) Power of Attorney of Earl M. Honeycutt, dated July 3,
 1998

 25(e) Power of Attorney of Patrick H. Norton, dated July 6,
 1998

 25(f) Power of Attorney of Earl N. Phillips, Jr., dated July
 5, 1998

 25(g) Power of Attorney of Bland W. Worley, dated July 8, 1998

 25(h) Power of Attorney of Franklin N. Saxon, dated July 8,
 1998

 -29-

<EX-10>
 2
 EXHIBIT 10(LL)

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CULP, INC.

75,000,000

 --------------

20,000,000 6.76 Series A Senior Notes due March 15, 2008

55,000,000 6.76 Series B Senior Notes due March 15, 2010

--------------

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

 -------------

Dated as of March 4, 1998

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 (Not a part of the Agreement)

SECTION HEADING PAGE

SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF NOTES 1

SECTION 2. SALE AND PURCHASE OF NOTES 1

SECTION 3. CLOSING 2

SECTION 4. CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 2

 Section 4.1. Representations and Warranties 2
 Section 4.2. Performance; No Default. 2
 Section 4.3. Compliance Certificates 3
 Section 4.4. Opinions of Counsel 3
 Section 4.5. Purchase Permitted by Applicable Law, etc 3
 Section 4.6. Sale of Other Notes 3
 Section 4.7. Payment of Special Counsel Fees 3
 Section 4.8. Changes in Corporate Structure 3
 Section 4.9. Proceedings and Documents 4

SECTION 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 4

 Section 5.1. Organization; Power and Authority 4
 Section 5.2. Authorization, etc 4
 Section 5.3. Disclosure 4
 Section 5.4. Organization and Ownership of Shares of
 Subsidiaries; Affiliates 5
 Section 5.5. Financial Statements 5
 Section 5.6. Compliance with Laws, Other Instruments, etc 5
 Section 5.7. Governmental Authorizations, etc 6
 Section 5.8. Litigation; Observance of Agreements,
 Statutes and Orders 6
 Section 5.9. Taxes 6
 Section 5.10. Title to Property; Leases 6
 Section 5.11. Licenses, Permits, etc 7
 Section 5.12. Compliance with ERISA 7
 Section 5.13. Private Offering by the Company 8
 Section 5.14. Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations 8

-2-

Section 5.15. Existing Indebtedness; Future Liens 8
 Section 5.16. Foreign Assets Control Regulations, etc 8
 Section 5.17. Status under Certain Statutes 9
 Section 5.18. Environmental Matters 9

SECTION 6. REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PURCHASER 9

 Section 6.1. Purchase for Investment 9
 Section 6.2. Source of Funds 10

SECTION 7. INFORMATION AS TO COMPANY 11

 Section 7.1. Financial and Business Information 11
 Section 7.2. Officer's Certificate 13
 Section 7.3. Inspection 14

SECTION 8. PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES 14

 Section 8.1. Required Prepayments 14
 Section 8.2. Change in Control 15
 Section 8.3. Optional Prepayments with Make-Whole Amount 17
 Section 8.4. Allocation of Partial Prepayments 17
 Section 8.5. Maturity; Surrender, etc 17
 Section 8.6. Purchase of Notes 18
 Section 8.7. Make-Whole Amount 18

SECTION 9. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 19

 Section 9.1. Compliance with Law 19
 Section 9.2. Insurance 20
 Section 9.3. Maintenance of Properties 20
 Section 9.4. Payment of Taxes and Claims 20
 Section 9.5. Corporate Existence, etc 20

SECTION 10. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 20

 Section 10.1. Consolidated Net Worth 21
 Section 10.2. Limitations on Funded Debt and Priority Debt 21
 Section 10.3. Liens 21
 Section 10.4. Merger, Consolidation, etc 23
 Section 10.5. Sale of Assets, etc 24
 Section 10.6. Transactions with Affiliates 25

-3-

SECTION 11. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 25

SECTION 12. REMEDIES ON DEFAULT, ETC 27

 Section 12.1. Acceleration 27
 Section 12.2. Other Remedies 28
 Section 12.3. Rescission 28
 Section 12.4. No Waivers or Election of Remedies,
 Expenses, etc 28

SECTION 13. REGISTRATION; EXCHANGE; SUBSTITUTION OF NOTES 28

 Section 13.1. Registration of Notes 28
 Section 13.2. Transfer and Exchange of Notes 29
 Section 13.3. Replacement of Notes 29

SECTION 14. PAYMENTS ON NOTES 30

 Section 14.1. Place of Payment 30
 Section 14.2. Home Office Payment 30

SECTION 15. EXPENSES, ETC 30

 Section 15.1. Transaction Expenses 30
 Section 15.2. Survival 31

SECTION 16. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES;
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 31

ECTION 17. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER 31

 Section 17.1. Requirements 31
 Section 17.2. Solicitation of Holders of Notes 31
 Section 17.3. Binding Effect, etc 32
 Section 17.4. Notes Held by Company, etc 32

SECTION 18. NOTICES 32

SECTION 19. REPRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS 33

SECTION 20. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 33

-4-

SECTION 21. SUBSTITUTION OF PURCHASER 34

SECTION 22. MISCELLANEOUS 34

 Section 22.1. Successors and Assigns 34
 Section 22.2. Payments Due on Non-Business Days 34
 Section 22.3. Severability 35
 Section 22.4. Construction 35
 Section 22.5. Counterparts 35
 Section 22.6. Governing Law 35

Signature 36

-5-

SCHEDULE A -- INFORMATION RELATING TO PURCHASERS

SCHEDULE B -- DEFINED TERMS

SCHEDULE 5.4 -- Subsidiaries of the Company and Ownership of
 Subsidiary Stock

SCHEDULE 5.5 -- Financial Statements

SCHEDULE 5.14 -- Use of Proceeds

SCHEDULE 5.15 -- Existing Indebtedness

EXHIBIT 1A -- Form of 6.76 Series A Senior Note due March 15,
 2008

EXHIBIT 1B -- Form of 6.76 Series B Senior Note due March 15,
 2010

EXHIBIT 4.4(a) -- Form of Opinion of Special Counsel for the Company

EXHIBIT 4.4(b) -- Form of Opinion of Special Counsel for the
 Purchasers

-6-

CULP, INC.
 101 South Main Street
 High Point, North Carolina 27261-2686

20,000,000 6.76 Series A Senior Notes due March 15, 2008
 55,000,000 6.76 Series B Senior Notes due March 15, 2010

Dated as of
 March 4, 1998

TO EACH OF THE PURCHASERS LISTED IN
 THE ATTACHED SCHEDULE A:

Ladies and Gentlemen:

 CULP, INC., a North Carolina corporation (the "Company"), agrees with
you as follows:

SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF NOTES.

 The Company will authorize the issue and sale of 20,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of its 6.76 Series A Senior Notes due March 15, 2008 and
 55,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.76 Series B Senior Notes due
March 15, 2010 (respectively, the "Series A Notes" and the "Series B Notes" and
collectively, the "Notes", such terms to include any such notes issued in
substitution therefor pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement or the Other
Agreements (as hereinafter defined)). The Series A Notes shall be substantially
in the form set out in Exhibit 1A, and the Series B Notes shall be substantially
in the form set out in Exhibit 1B, in each case with such changes therefrom, if
any, as may be approved by you and the Company. Certain capitalized terms used
in this Agreement are defined in Schedule B; references to a "Schedule" or an
"Exhibit" are, unless otherwise specified, to a Schedule or an Exhibit attached
to this Agreement.

SECTION 2. SALE AND PURCHASE OF NOTES.

 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company will
issue and sell to you and you will purchase from the Company, at the Closing
provided for in Section 3, Notes in the principal amount and of the Series
specified opposite your name in Schedule A at the

-7-

purchase price of 100 of the principal amount thereof. Contemporaneously with
entering into this Agreement, the Company is entering into separate Note
Purchase Agreements (the "Other Agreements") identical with this Agreement with
each of the other purchasers named in Schedule A (the "Other Purchasers"),
providing for the sale at such Closing to each of the Other Purchasers of Notes
in the principal amount and of the Series specified opposite its name in
Schedule A. Your obligation hereunder, and the obligations of the Other
Purchasers under the Other Agreements, are several and not joint obligations,
and you shall have no obligation under any Other Agreement and no liability to
any Person for the performance or nonperformance by any Other Purchaser
thereunder.

SECTION 3. CLOSING.

 The sale and purchase of the Notes to be purchased by you and the Other
Purchasers shall occur at the offices of Chapman and Cutler, 111 West Monroe
Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603, at 10:00 A.M. Chicago time, at a closing (the
"Closing") on March 26, 1998 or on such other Business Day thereafter on or
prior to April 15, 1998 as may be agreed upon by the Company and you and the
Other Purchasers. At the Closing the Company will deliver to you the Notes to be
purchased by you in the form of a single Note (or such greater number of Notes
in denominations of at least 100,000 as you may request) dated the date of the
Closing and registered in your name (or in the name of your nominee), against
delivery by you to the Company or its order of immediately available funds in
the amount of the purchase price therefor by wire transfer of immediately
available funds for the account of the Company to account number 4023-001418 at
Wachovia Bank, N.A., ABA Number 0531-00494, Winston-Salem, North Carolina. If at
the Closing the Company shall fail to tender such Notes to you as provided above
in this Section 3, or any of the conditions specified in Section 4 shall not
have been fulfilled to your satisfaction, you shall, at your election, be
relieved of all further obligations under this Agreement, without thereby
waiving any rights you may have by reason of such failure or such
nonfulfillment.

SECTION 4. CONDITIONS TO CLOSING.

 Your obligation to purchase and pay for the Notes to be sold to you at
the Closing is subject to the fulfillment to your satisfaction, prior to or at
the Closing, of the following conditions:

 Section 4.1. Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement shall be correct
when made and at the time of the Closing.

 Section 4.2. Performance; No Default. The Company shall have
performed and complied with all agreements and conditions contained in this
Agreement required to be

-8-

performed or complied with by it prior to or at the Closing, and after giving
effect to the issue and sale of the Notes (and the application of the proceeds
thereof as contemplated by Schedule 5.14), no Default or Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall
have entered into any transaction since the date of the Memorandum that would
have been prohibited by Section 10 hereof had such Sections applied since such
date.

 Section 4.3. Compliance Certificates.

 (a) Officer's Certificate. The Company shall have delivered to you an
Officer's Certificate, dated the date of the Closing, certifying that the
conditions specified in Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.9 have been fulfilled.

 (b) Secretary's Certificate. The Company shall have delivered to you
a certificate certifying as to the resolutions attached thereto and other
corporate proceedings relating to the authorization, execution and delivery of
the Notes and the Agreements.

 Section 4.4. Opinions of Counsel. You shall have received
opinions in form and substance satisfactory to you, dated the date of the
Closing (a) from Robinson, Bradshaw & Hinson, P.A., special counsel for the
Company, and Ogilvy Renault, special Canadian counsel for the Company, covering
the matters set forth in Exhibit 4.4(a) and covering such other matters incident
to the transactions contemplated hereby as you or your counsel may reasonably
request (and the Company hereby instructs its counsel to deliver such opinion to
you) and (b) from Chapman and Cutler, your special counsel in connection with
such transactions, substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit 4.4(b) and
covering such other matters incident to such transactions as you may reasonably
request.

 Section 4.5. Purchase Permitted by Applicable Law, etc. On the
date of the Closing your purchase of Notes shall (i) be permitted by the laws
and regulations of each jurisdiction to which you are subject, without recourse
to provisions (such as Section 1405(a)(8) of the New York Insurance Law)
permitting limited investments by insurance companies without restriction as to
the character of the particular investment, (ii) not violate any applicable law
or regulation (including, without limitation, Regulation G, T or X of the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) and (iii) not subject you to any
tax, penalty or liability under or pursuant to any applicable law or regulation,
which law or regulation was not in effect on the date hereof. If requested by
you, you shall have received an Officer's Certificate certifying as to such
matters of fact as you may reasonably specify to enable you to determine whether
such purchase is so permitted.

-9-

Section 4.6. Sale of Other Notes. Contemporaneously with the
Closing, the Company shall sell to the Other Purchasers, and the Other
Purchasers shall purchase, the Notes to be purchased by them at the Closing as
specified in Schedule A.

 Section 4.7. Payment of Special Counsel Fees. Without limiting
the provisions of Section 15.1, the Company shall have paid on or before the
Closing the fees, charges and disbursements of your special counsel referred to
in Section 4.4 to the extent reflected in a statement of such counsel rendered
to the Company at least one Business Day prior to the Closing.

 Section 4.8. Changes in Corporate Structure. The Company shall
not have changed its jurisdiction of incorporation or been a party to any merger
or consolidation and shall not have succeeded to all or any substantial part of
the liabilities of any other entity, at any time following the date of the most
recent financial statements referred to in Schedule 5.5.

 Section 4.9. Proceedings and Documents. All corporate and other
proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and all documents and instruments incident to such transactions shall be
satisfactory to you and your special counsel, and you and your special counsel
shall have received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies
of such documents as you or they may reasonably request.

SECTION 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

 The Company represents and warrants to you that:

 Section 5.1. Organization; Power and Authority. The Company is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and is duly qualified as a foreign
corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such
qualification is required by law, other than those jurisdictions as to which the
failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company
has the corporate power and authority to own or hold under lease the properties
it purports to own or hold under lease, to transact the business it transacts
and proposes to transact, to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Other
Agreements and the Notes and to perform the provisions hereof and thereof.

 Section 5.2. Authorization, etc. This Agreement, the Other
Agreements and the Notes have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action on the part of the Company, and this Agreement constitutes, and upon
execution and delivery thereof each Note will constitute, a legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the

-10-

Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be
limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and
(ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

 Section 5.3. Disclosure. The Company, through its co-agents,
First Union Capital Markets Corp. and Wachovia Bank, N.A., has delivered to you
and each Other Purchaser a copy of a Private Placement Memorandum, dated January
1998 (the "Memorandum"), relating to the transactions contemplated hereby. The
Memorandum fairly describes, in all material respects, the general nature of the
business and principal properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries. This
Agreement, the Schedules hereto, the Memorandum, the documents, certificates or
other writings delivered to you by or on behalf of the Company in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby and the financial statements listed in
Schedule 5.5, taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they
were made. Except as disclosed in the Memorandum or as expressly described in
Schedule 5.3, or in one of the documents, certificates or other writings
identified therein, or in the financial statements listed in Schedule 5.5, since
April 27, 1997, there has been no event, act, condition or occurrence having a
Material Adverse Effect.

 Section 5.4. Organization and Ownership of Shares of
Subsidiaries; Affiliates. (a) Schedule 5.4 contains (except as noted therein)
complete and correct lists (i) of the Company's Subsidiaries, showing, as to
each Subsidiary, the correct name thereof, the jurisdiction of its organization,
and the percentage of shares of each class of its capital stock or similar
equity interests outstanding owned by the Company and each other Subsidiary,
(ii) of the Company's Affiliates, other than Subsidiaries, and (iii) of the
Company's directors and senior officers.

 (b) All of the outstanding shares of capital stock or similar equity
interests of each Subsidiary shown in Schedule 5.4 as being owned by the Company
and its Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable
and are owned by the Company or another Subsidiary free and clear of any Lien
(except as otherwise disclosed in Schedule 5.4).

 (c) Each Subsidiary identified in Schedule 5.4 is a corporation or
other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, and is duly qualified as a foreign
corporation or other legal entity and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
in which such qualification is required by law, other than those jurisdictions
as to which the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Each such Subsidiary has the corporate or other power and
authority to own or hold under lease the

-11-

properties it purports to own or hold under lease and to transact the business
it transacts and proposes to transact.

 (d) No Subsidiary is a party to, or otherwise subject to any legal
restriction or any agreement (other than this Agreement, the agreements listed
on Schedule 5.4 and customary limitations imposed by corporate law statutes)
restricting the ability of such Subsidiary to pay dividends out of profits or
make any other similar distributions of profits to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries that owns outstanding shares of capital stock or similar equity
interests of such Subsidiary.

 Section 5.5. Financial Statements. The Company has delivered to
each Purchaser copies of the financial statements of the Company and its
Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 5.5. All of said financial statements (including
in each case the related schedules and notes) fairly present in all material
respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries
as of the respective dates specified in such Schedule and the consolidated
results of their operations and cash flows for the respective periods so
specified and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied
throughout the periods involved except as set forth in the notes thereto
(subject, in the case of any interim financial statements, to normal year-end
adjustments).

 Section 5.6. Compliance with Laws, Other Instruments, etc. The
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
Notes will not (i) contravene, result in any breach of, or constitute a default
under, or result in the creation of any Lien in respect of any property of the
Company or any Subsidiary under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan,
purchase or credit agreement, lease, corporate charter or by-laws, or any other
agreement or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or by
which the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties may be
bound or affected, (ii) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of any order, judgment, decree, or ruling of any court,
arbitrator or Governmental Authority applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary
or (iii) violate any provision of any statute or other rule or regulation of any
Governmental Authority applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary.

 Section 5.7. Governmental Authorizations, etc. No consent,
approval or authorization of, or registration, filing or declaration with, any
Governmental Authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery or
performance by the Company of this Agreement or the Notes.

 Section 5.8. Litigation; Observance of Agreements, Statutes and
Orders. (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any
Subsidiary or any property of the Company or any Subsidiary in any court or
before any arbitrator of any kind or before or by any Governmental

-12-

Authority that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

 (b) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default under any
term of any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is
bound, or any order, judgment, decree or ruling of any court, arbitrator or
Governmental Authority or is in violation of any applicable law, ordinance, rule
or regulation (including without limitation Environmental Laws) of any
Governmental Authority, which default or violation, individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

 Section 5.9. Taxes. The Company and its Subsidiaries have filed
all material tax returns that are required to have been filed in any
jurisdiction, or have properly filed for extensions of time for the filing
thereof, and have paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns and
all other taxes and assessments levied upon them or their properties, assets,
income or franchises, to the extent such taxes and assessments have become due
and payable and before they have become delinquent, except for any taxes and
assessments (i) the amount of which is not individually or in the aggregate
Material or (ii) the amount, applicability or validity of which is currently
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to
which the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, has established adequate
reserves in accordance with GAAP. The Company knows of no basis for any other
tax or assessment that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in respect of Federal, state or other taxes for all fiscal periods
are adequate. The Federal income tax liabilities of the Company and its
Subsidiaries have been determined by the Internal Revenue Service and paid for
all fiscal years up to and including fiscal year 1994.

 Section 5.10. Title to Property; Leases. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have good and sufficient title to their respective properties that
individually or in the aggregate are Material, including all such properties
reflected in the most recent audited balance sheet referred to in Section 5.5 or
purported to have been acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary after said date
(except as sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business), in
each case free and clear of Liens prohibited by this Agreement. All leases that
individually or in the aggregate are Material are valid and subsisting and are
in full force and effect in all Material respects.

 Section 5.11. Licenses, Permits, etc. (a) The Company and its
Subsidiaries own or possess all licenses, permits, franchises, authorizations,
patents, copyrights, service marks, trademarks and trade names, or rights
thereto, that individually or in the aggregate are Material, without known
conflict with the rights of others.

-13-

(b) To the best knowledge of the Company, no product of the Company
infringes in any Material respect any license, permit, franchise, authorization,
patent, copyright, service mark, trademark, trade name or other right owned by
any other Person.

 (c) To the best knowledge of the Company, there is no Material
violation by any Person of any right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
with respect to any patent, copyright, service mark, trademark, trade name or
other right owned or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

 Section 5.12. Compliance with ERISA. (a) Neither the Company nor
any ERISA Affiliate of the Company sponsors, contributes to, or has any
liability with respect to any Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA. The Company and
each ERISA Affiliate of the Company have operated and administered each Plan in
compliance with all applicable laws except for such instances of noncompliance
as have not resulted in and could not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate of the
Company has incurred any liability pursuant to Title I of ERISA or the penalty
or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to employee benefit plans (as
defined in Section 3 of ERISA), and no event, transaction or condition has
occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence
of any such liability by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of the Company, or
in the imposition of any Lien on any of the rights, properties or assets of the
Company or any ERISA Affiliate of the Company, in either case pursuant to Title
I of ERISA or to such penalty or excise tax provisions or to Section 401(a)(29)
or 412 of the Code, other than such liabilities or Liens as would not be
individually or in the aggregate Material.

 (b) The expected post-retirement benefit obligation (determined as of
the last day of the Company's most recently ended fiscal year in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 106, without regard to
liabilities attributable to continuation coverage mandated by section 4980B of
the Code) of the Company and its Subsidiaries is not Material.

 (c) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the issuance and
sale of the Notes hereunder will not involve any transaction that is subject to
the prohibitions of section 406 of ERISA or in connection with which a tax could
be imposed pursuant to section 4975(c)(1)(A)-(D) of the Code. The representation
by the Company in the first sentence of this Section 5.12(e) is made in reliance
upon and subject to the accuracy of your representation in Section 6.2 as to the
sources of the funds used to pay the purchase price of the Notes to be purchased
by you.

 Section 5.13. Private Offering by the Company. Neither the
Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has offered the Notes or any similar
securities for sale to, or solicited any offer to buy any of the same from, or
otherwise approached or negotiated in respect thereof with,

-14-

any person other than you, the Other Purchasers and not more than 25 other
Institutional Investors, each of which has been offered the Notes at a private
sale for investment. Neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has
taken, or will take, any action that would subject the issuance or sale of the
Notes to the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act.

 Section 5.14. Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. The Company
will apply the proceeds of the sale of the Notes as set forth in Schedule 5.14.
No part of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes hereunder will be used,
directly or indirectly, for the purpose of buying or carrying any margin stock
within the meaning of Regulation G of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (12 CFR 207), or for the purpose of buying or carrying or trading
in any securities under such circumstances as to involve the Company in a
violation of Regulation X of said Board (12 CFR 224) or to involve any broker or
dealer in a violation of Regulation T of said Board (12 CFR 220). Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary presently owns, legally or beneficially, or has any
present intention to acquire, any margin stock. As used in this Section, the
terms "margin stock" and "purpose of buying or carrying" shall have the meanings
assigned to them in said Regulation G.

 Section 5.15. Existing Indebtedness; Future Liens. (a) Except as
described therein, Schedule 5.15 sets forth a complete and correct list of all
outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries, excluding
indebtedness having an unpaid principal amount of less than 50,000, as of March
8, 1998, since which date there has been no Material change in the amounts,
interest rates, sinking funds, installment payments or maturities of the
Indebtedness of the Company or its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in default and no waiver of default is currently in effect, in the
payment of any principal or interest on any Indebtedness of the Company or such
Subsidiary and no event or condition exists with respect to any Indebtedness of
the Company or any Subsidiary that would permit (or that with notice or the
lapse of time, or both, would permit) one or more Persons to cause such
Indebtedness to become due and payable before its stated maturity or before its
regularly scheduled dates of payment.

 (b) Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.15, neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has agreed or consented to cause or permit in the future (upon the
happening of a contingency or otherwise) any of its property, whether now owned
or hereafter acquired, to be subject to a Lien not permitted by Section 10.2.

 Section 5.16. Foreign Assets Control Regulations, etc. Neither
the sale of the Notes by the Company hereunder nor its use of the proceeds
thereof will violate the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, or any of the
foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31
CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) or any enabling legislation or executive
order relating thereto.

-15-

Section 5.17. Status under Certain Statutes. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary is subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended, the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended,
the ICC Termination Act of 1995, as amended, or the Federal Power Act, as
amended.

 Section 5.18. Environmental Matters. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has knowledge of any claim or has received any notice of any claim,
and no proceeding has been instituted raising any claim against the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Company's knowledge, any of their respective
real properties now or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of them or
other assets, alleging any damage to the environment or violation of any
Environmental Laws, except, in each case, such as could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as otherwise disclosed
to you in writing:

 (a) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has knowledge of
 any facts which would give rise to any claim, public or private, of
 violation of Environmental Laws or damage to the environment emanating
 from, occurring on or in any way related to real properties now or
 formerly owned, leased or operated by any of them or to other assets or
 their use, except, in each case, such as could not reasonably be
 expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

 (b) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
 stored any Hazardous Materials on real properties now or formerly
 owned, leased or operated by any of them nor has disposed of any
 Hazardous Materials in a manner contrary to any Environmental Laws in
 each case in any manner that could reasonably be expected to result in
 a Material Adverse Effect; and

 (c) to the knowledge of the Company, all buildings on all
 real properties now owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of
 its Subsidiaries are in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws,
 except where failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to
 result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 6. REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PURCHASER.

 Section 6.1. Purchase for Investment. You represent that you are
purchasing the Notes for your own account or for one or more separate accounts
maintained by you or for the account of one or more pension or trust funds and
not with a view to the distribution thereof, provided that the disposition of
your or their property shall at all times be within your or their control. You
understand that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and
may be resold only if registered pursuant to the provisions of the Securities
Act or if an exemption from registration is available, except under
circumstances where neither such

-16-

registration nor such an exemption is required by law, and that the Company is
not required to register the Notes.

 Section 6.2. Source of Funds. You represent that at least one of
the following statements is an accurate representation as to each source of
funds (a "Source") to be used by you to pay the purchase price of the Notes to
be purchased by you hereunder:

 (a) the Source is an "insurance company general account"
 within the meaning of Department of Labor Prohibited Transaction
 Exemption ("PTE") 95-60 (issued July 12, 1995) and there is no employee
 benefit plan, treating as a single plan all plans maintained by the
 same employer or employee organization, with respect to which the
 amount of the general account reserves and liabilities for all
 contracts held by or on behalf of such plan, exceeds ten percent (10 of the total reserves and liabilities of such general account
 (exclusive of separate account liabilities) plus surplus, as set forth
 in the NAIC Annual Statement filed with your state of domicile; or

 (b) the Source is either (i) an insurance company pooled
 separate account, within the meaning of PTE 90-1 (issued January 29,
 1990), or (ii) a bank collective investment fund, within the meaning of
 the PTE 91-38 (issued July 12, 1991) and, except as you have disclosed
 to the Company in writing pursuant to this paragraph (b), no employee
 benefit plan or group of plans maintained by the same employer or
 employee organization beneficially owns more than 10 of all assets
 allocated to such pooled separate account or collective investment
 fund; or

 (c) the Source constitutes assets of an "investment fund"
 (within the meaning of Part V of the QPAM Exemption) managed by a
 "qualified professional asset manager" or "QPAM" (within the meaning of
 Part V of the QPAM Exemption), no employee benefit plan's assets that
 are included in such investment fund, when combined with the assets of
 all other employee benefit plans established or maintained by the same
 employer or by an affiliate (within the meaning of Section V(c)(1) of
 the QPAM Exemption) of such employer or by the same employee
 organization and managed by such QPAM, exceed 20 of the total client
 assets managed by such QPAM, the conditions of Part l(c) and (g) of the
 QPAM Exemption are satisfied, neither the QPAM nor a person controlling
 or controlled by the QPAM (applying the definition of "control" in
 Section V(e) of the QPAM Exemption) owns a 5 or more interest in the
 Company and (i) the identity of such QPAM and (ii) the names of all
 employee benefit plans whose assets are included in such investment
 fund have been disclosed to the Company in writing pursuant to this
 paragraph (c); or

 (d) the Source is a governmental plan; or

-17-

(e) the Source is one or more employee benefit plans, or a
 separate account or trust fund comprised of one or more employee
 benefit plans, each of which has been identified to the Company in
 writing pursuant to this paragraph (e); or

 (f) the Source does not include assets of any employee
 benefit plan, other than a plan exempt from the coverage of ERISA.

 As used in this Section 6.2, the terms "employee benefit plan",
"governmental plan", "party in interest" and "separate account" shall have the
respective meanings assigned to such terms in Section 3 of ERISA.

SECTION 7. INFORMATION AS TO COMPANY.

 Section 7.1. Financial and Business Information. The Company
shall deliver to each holder of Notes that is an Institutional Investor:

 (a) Quarterly Statements -- within 60 days after the end of
 each quarterly fiscal period in each fiscal year of the Company (other
 than the last quarterly fiscal period of each such fiscal year),
 duplicate copies of:

 (i) a consolidated balance sheet of the
 Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter,
 and

 (ii) consolidated statements of income,
 shareholders' equity and cash flows of the Company and its
 Subsidiaries for such quarter and (in the case of the second
 and third quarters) for the portion of the fiscal year ending
 with such quarter,

setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding
periods in the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in
accordance with GAAP applicable to quarterly financial statements generally, and
certified by a Senior Financial Officer as fairly presenting, in all material
respects, the financial position of the companies being reported on and their
results of operations and cash flows, subject to changes resulting from year-end
adjustments, provided that delivery within the time period specified above of
copies of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q prepared in compliance
with the requirements therefor and filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 7.1(a);

 (b) Annual Statements -- within 105 days after the
 end of each fiscal year of the Company, duplicate copies of,

-18-

(i) a consolidated balance sheet of the Company
 and its Subsidiaries, as at the end of such year, and

 (ii) consolidated statements of income, changes
 in shareholders' equity and cash flows of the Company and its
 Subsidiaries, for such year,

 setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the
 previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance
 with GAAP, and accompanied

 (A) by an opinion thereon of independent
 certified public accountants of recognized national
 standing, which opinion shall state that such
 financial statements present fairly, in all material
 respects, the financial position of the companies
 being reported upon and their results of operations
 and cash flows and have been prepared in conformity
 with GAAP, and that the examination of such
 accountants in connection with such financial
 statements has been made in accordance with generally
 accepted auditing standards, and that such audit
 provides a reasonable basis for such opinion in the
 circumstances, and

 (B) a certificate of such accountants
 stating that they have reviewed this Agreement and
 stating further whether, in making their audit, they
 have become aware of any condition or event that then
 constitutes a Default or an Event of Default, and, if
 they are aware that any such condition or event then
 exists, specifying the nature and period of the
 existence thereof (it being understood that such
 accountants shall not be liable, directly or
 indirectly, for any failure to obtain knowledge of
 any Default or Event of Default unless such
 accountants should have obtained knowledge thereof in
 making an audit in accordance with generally accepted
 auditing standards or did not make such an audit),

 provided that the delivery within the time period specified above of
 the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for such fiscal year (together
 with the Company's annual report to shareholders, if any, prepared
 pursuant to Rule 14a-3 under the Exchange Act) prepared in accordance
 with the requirements therefor and filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission, together with the accountant's certificate
 described in clause (B) above, shall be deemed to satisfy the
 requirements of this Section 7.1(b);

 (c) SEC and Other Reports -- promptly upon their becoming
 available, one copy of (i) each financial statement, report, notice or
 proxy statement sent by the Company or any Subsidiary to public
 securities holders generally, and (ii) each regular or

-19-

periodic report, each registration statement other than Registration
 Statements on Form S-8 (without exhibits except as expressly requested
 by such holder), and each prospectus and all amendments thereto filed
 by the Company or any Subsidiary with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and of all press releases and other statements made
 available generally by the Company or any Subsidiary to the public
 concerning developments that are Material;

 (d) Notice of Default or Event of Default -- promptly, and in
 any event within five days after a Responsible Officer becoming aware
 of the existence of any Default or Event of Default or that any Person
 has given any notice or taken any action with respect to a claimed
 default hereunder or that any Person has given any notice or taken any
 action with respect to a claimed default of the type referred to in
 Section 11(f), a written notice specifying the nature and period of
 existence thereof and what action the Company is taking or proposes to
 take with respect thereto;

 (e) ERISA Matters -- promptly, and in any event within five
 days after a Responsible Officer becoming aware of any of the
 following, a written notice setting forth the nature thereof and the
 action, if any, that the Company or an ERISA Affiliate proposes to take
 with respect thereto:

 (i) with respect to any Plan, any reportable event,
 as defined in section 4043(b) of ERISA and the regulations
 thereunder, for which notice thereof has not been waived
 pursuant to such regulations as in effect on the date hereof;
 or

 (ii) the taking by the PBGC of steps to institute, or
 the threatening by the PBGC of the institution of, proceedings
 under section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the
 appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan, or the
 receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of a notice from
 a Multiemployer Plan that such action has been taken by the
 PBGC with respect to such Multiemployer Plan; or

 (iii) any event, transaction or condition that could
 result in the incurrence of any liability by the Company or
 any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA or the
 penalty or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to
 employee benefit plans, or in the imposition of any Lien on
 any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company or any
 ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA or such
 penalty or excise tax provisions, if such liability or Lien,
 taken together with any other such liabilities or Liens then
 existing, could reasonably be expected to have a Material
 Adverse Effect;

-20-

(f) Notices from Governmental Authority -- promptly, and in
 any event within 30 days of receipt thereof, copies of any notice to
 the Company or any Subsidiary from any Federal or state Governmental
 Authority relating to any order, ruling, statute or other law or
 regulation that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
 Effect; and

 (g) Requested Information -- with reasonable promptness, such
 other data and information relating to the business, operations,
 affairs, financial condition, assets or properties of the Company or
 any of its Subsidiaries or relating to the ability of the Company to
 perform its obligations hereunder and under the Notes as from time to
 time may be reasonably requested by any such holder of Notes.

 Section 7.2. Officer's Certificate. Each set of financial
statements delivered to a holder of Notes pursuant to Section 7.1(a) or Section
7.1(b) hereof shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial
Officer setting forth:

 (a) Covenant Compliance -- the information (including
 detailed calculations) required in order to establish whether the
 Company was in compliance with the requirements of Section 10.1 through
 Section 10.3, both inclusive, and Section 10.5 hereof during the
 quarterly or annual period covered by the statements then being
 furnished (including with respect to each such Section, where
 applicable, the calculations of the maximum or minimum amount, ratio or
 percentage, as the case may be, permissible under the terms of such
 Sections, and the calculation of the amount, ratio or percentage then
 in existence); and

 (b) Event of Default -- a statement that such officer has
 reviewed the relevant terms hereof and has made, or caused to be made,
 under his or her supervision, a review of the transactions and
 conditions of the Company and its Subsidiaries from the beginning of
 the quarterly or annual period covered by the statements then being
 furnished to the date of the certificate and that such review shall not
 have disclosed the existence during such period of any condition or
 event that constitutes a Default or an Event of Default or, if any such
 condition or event existed or exists (including, without limitation,
 any such event or condition resulting from the failure of the Company
 or any Subsidiary to comply with any Environmental Law), specifying the
 nature and period of existence thereof and what action the Company
 shall have taken or proposes to take with respect thereto.

 Section 7.3. Inspection. The Company shall permit the
representatives of each holder of Notes that is an Institutional Investor:

-21-

(a) No Default -- if no Default or Event of Default then
 exists, at the expense of such holder and upon reasonable prior notice
 to the Company, to visit the principal executive office of the Company,
 to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company and its
 Subsidiaries with the Company's officers, and (with the consent of the
 Company, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld) its
 independent public accountants, and (with the consent of the Company,
 which consent will not be unreasonably withheld) to visit the other
 offices and properties of the Company and each Subsidiary, all at such
 reasonable times and as often as may be reasonably requested in
 writing; and

 (b) Default -- if a Default or Event of Default then exists,
 at the expense of the Company to visit and inspect any of the offices
 or properties of the Company or any Subsidiary, to examine all their
 respective books of account, records, reports and other papers, to make
 copies and extracts therefrom, and to discuss their respective affairs,
 finances and accounts with their respective officers and independent
 public accountants (and by this provision the Company authorizes said
 accountants to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the
 Company and its Subsidiaries), all at such times and as often as may be
 requested.

SECTION 8. PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES.

 Section 8.1. Required Prepayments. (a) No regularly scheduled
prepayment of principal of the Series A Notes is required prior to the date of
their maturity.

 (b) On March 15, 2006, and on the fifteenth day of each March
thereafter to and including March 15, 2009, the Company will prepay 11,000,000
principal amount (or such lesser principal amount as shall then be outstanding)
of the Series B Notes at par and without payment of the Make-Whole Amount or any
premium, provided that upon any partial prepayment of the Series B Notes
pursuant to Section 8.2 or 8.3 or purchase of the Series B Notes permitted by
Section 8.6, the principal amount of each required prepayment of the Series B
Notes becoming due under this Section 8.1(b) on and after the date of such
prepayment or purchase shall be reduced in the same proportion as the aggregate
unpaid principal amount of the Series B Notes is reduced as a result of such
prepayment or purchase.

 Section 8.2. Change in Control. (a) Notice of Change in Control
or Control Event. The Company will, within five Business Days after any
Responsible Officer has knowledge of the occurrence of any Change in Control or
Control Event, give written notice of such Change in Control or Control Event to
each holder of Notes unless notice in respect of such Change in Control (or the
Change in Control contemplated by such Control Event) shall have been given
pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this Section. If a Change in Control has
occurred, such notice

-22-

shall contain and constitute an offer to prepay Notes as described in
subparagraph (c) of this Section and shall be accompanied by the certificate
described in subparagraph (g) of this Section.

 (b) Condition to Company Action. The Company will not take any action
that consummates or finalizes a Change in Control unless (i) at least 30 days
prior to such action it shall have given to each holder of Notes written notice
containing and constituting an offer to prepay Notes as described in
subparagraph (c) of this Section, accompanied by the certificate described in
subparagraph (g) of this Section, and (ii) contemporaneously with such action,
it prepays all Notes required to be prepaid in accordance with this Section.

 (c) Offer to Prepay Notes. The offer to prepay Notes contemplated by
subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Section shall be an offer to prepay, in
accordance with and subject to this Section, all, but not less than all, the
Notes held by each holder (in this case only, "holder" in respect of any Note
registered in the name of a nominee for a disclosed beneficial owner shall mean
such beneficial owner) on a date specified in such offer (the "Proposed
Prepayment Date"). If such Proposed Prepayment Date is in connection with an
offer contemplated by subparagraph (a) of this Section, such date shall be not
less than 15 days and not more than 30 days after the date of such offer (if the
Proposed Prepayment Date shall not be specified in such offer, the Proposed
Prepayment Date shall be the first Business Day after the 30th day after the
date of such offer).

 (d) Acceptance. A holder of Notes may accept the offer to prepay made
pursuant to this Section by causing a notice of such acceptance to be delivered
to the Company at least five days prior to the Proposed Prepayment Date. If the
offer is so accepted by any holder of Notes, the Company at least four days
prior to the Proposed Prepayment Date shall give written notice to each holder
of Notes that has not so accepted the offer, in which notice the Company shall
(i) state the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Notes in respect of
which the offer has been accepted and (ii) renew the offer and extend the time
for acceptance by stating that any holder of Notes may yet accept the offer,
whether theretofore rejected or not, by causing a notice of such acceptance to
be delivered to the Company at least two days prior to the Proposed Prepayment
Date. A failure by a holder of Notes to respond to an offer to prepay made
pursuant to this Section shall be deemed to constitute a rejection of such offer
by such holder.

 (e) Prepayment. Prepayment of the Notes to be prepaid pursuant to
this Section shall be at 100 of the principal amount of such Notes, together
with interest on such Notes accrued to the date of prepayment, but without
Make-Whole Amount or other premium. The prepayment shall be made on the Proposed
Prepayment Date except as provided in subparagraph (f) of this Section.

-23-

(f) Deferral Pending Change in Control. The obligation of the Company
to prepay Notes pursuant to the offers required by subparagraph (b) and accepted
in accordance with subparagraph (d) of this Section is subject to the occurrence
of the Change in Control in respect of which such offers and acceptances shall
have been made. In the event that such Change in Control has not occurred on the
Proposed Prepayment Date in respect thereof, the prepayment shall be deferred
until and shall be made on the date on which such Change in Control occurs. The
Company shall keep each holder of Notes reasonably and timely informed of (i)
any such deferral of the date of prepayment, (ii) the date on which such Change
in Control and the prepayment are expected to occur, and (iii) any determination
by the Company that efforts to effect such Change in Control have ceased or been
abandoned (in which case the offers and acceptances made pursuant to this
Section in respect of such Change in Control shall be deemed rescinded).

 (g) Officer's Certificate. Each offer to prepay the Notes pursuant to
this Section shall be accompanied by a certificate, executed by a Senior
Financial Officer of the Company and dated the date of such offer, specifying:
(i) the Proposed Prepayment Date; (ii) that such offer is made pursuant to this
Section 8.2; (iii) the principal amount of each Note offered to be prepaid; (iv)
the interest that would be due on each Note offered to be prepaid, accrued to
the Proposed Prepayment Date; (v) that the conditions of this Section have been
fulfilled; and (vi) in reasonable detail, the nature and date or proposed date
of the Change in Control.

 (h) "Change in Control" Defined. A "Change in Control" shall be
deemed to have occurred if any Person or Persons acting in concert (other than
the Culp Family), together with Affiliates thereof, shall in the aggregate,
directly or indirectly, control or own (beneficially or otherwise) more than 50 
(by number of shares) of the issued and outstanding Voting Stock of the Company.
"Culp Family" means Robert G. Culp III, his spouse, his mother, his siblings,
his lineal descendants and any trusts for the exclusive benefit of any such
individual, so long as such individual has the exclusive right to control each
such trust.

 (i) "Control Event" Defined. "Control Event" means:

 (i) the execution by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
 or Affiliates of any agreement or letter of intent with respect to any
 proposed transaction or event or series of transactions or events
 which, individually or in the aggregate, may reasonably be expected to
 result in a Change in Control,

 (ii) the execution of any written agreement which, when fully
 performed by the parties thereto, would result in a Change in Control,
 or

-24-

(iii) the making of any written offer by any person (as such
 term is used in section 13(d) and section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act
 as in effect on the date of the Closing) or related persons
 constituting a group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the
 Exchange Act as in effect on the date of the Closing) to the holders of
 the common stock of the Company, which offer, if accepted by the
 requisite number of holders, would result in a Change in Control.

 Section 8.3. Optional Prepayments with Make-Whole Amount. The
Company may, at its option, upon notice as provided below, prepay at any time
all, or from time to time any part of, the Notes, in an amount not less than 10 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding in the case of a
partial prepayment, at 100 of the principal amount so prepaid, plus the
Make-Whole Amount and accrued interest determined for the prepayment date with
respect to such principal amount. The Company will give each holder of Notes
written notice of each optional prepayment under this Section 8.3 not less than
30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for such prepayment.
Each such notice shall specify such date, the aggregate principal amount of the
Notes to be prepaid on such date, the principal amount of each Note held by such
holder to be prepaid (determined in accordance with Section 8.4), and the
interest to be paid on the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount
being prepaid, and shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial
Officer as to the estimated Make-Whole Amount due in connection with such
prepayment (calculated as if the date of such notice were the date of the
prepayment), setting forth the details of such computation. Two Business Days
prior to such prepayment, the Company shall deliver to each holder of Notes a
certificate of a Senior Financial Officer specifying the calculation of such
Make-Whole Amount as of the specified prepayment date. The calculations with
respect to the Make-Whole Amount shall in any event be subject to the review and
approval of the holders of the Notes and, in the case of any disagreement among
such holders and the Company with respect to such calculations or method of
computation thereof, the conclusion of such holders shall, in the absence of
manifest error, be deemed, binding and conclusive.

 Section 8.4. Allocation of Partial Prepayments. In the case of
each partial prepayment of the Notes (other than a prepayment pursuant to
Section 8.2), the principal amount of the Notes to be prepaid shall be allocated
among all of the Notes of both Series at the time outstanding in proportion, as
nearly as practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof not
theretofore called for prepayment.

 Section 8.5. Maturity; Surrender, etc. In the case of each
prepayment of Notes pursuant to this Section 8, the principal amount of each
Note to be prepaid shall mature and become due and payable on the date fixed for
such prepayment, together with interest on such principal amount accrued to such
date and the applicable Make-Whole Amount, if any. From and after such date,
unless the Company shall fail to pay such principal amount when so due and

-25-

payable, together with the interest and Make-Whole Amount, if any, as aforesaid,
interest on such principal amount shall cease to accrue. Any Note paid or
prepaid in full shall be surrendered to the Company and cancelled and shall not
be reissued, and no Note shall be issued in lieu of any prepaid principal amount
of any Note.

 Section 8.6. Purchase of Notes. The Company will not and will
not permit any Affiliate to purchase, redeem, prepay or otherwise acquire,
directly or indirectly, any of the outstanding Notes except upon the payment or
prepayment of the Notes in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the
Notes. The Company will promptly cancel all Notes acquired by it or any
Affiliate pursuant to any payment, prepayment or purchase of Notes pursuant to
any provision of this Agreement and no Notes may be issued in substitution or
exchange for any such Notes.

 Section 8.7. Make-Whole Amount. The term "Make-Whole Amount"
means, with respect to any Note, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the
Discounted Value of the Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to the Called
Principal of such Note over the amount of such Called Principal, provided that
the Make-Whole Amount may in no event be less than zero. For the purposes of
determining the Make-Whole Amount, the following terms have the following
meanings:

 "Called Principal" means, with respect to any Note, the
 principal of such Note that is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8.2 or
 has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to
 Section 12.1, as the context requires.

 "Discounted Value" means, with respect to the Called Principal
 of any Note, the amount obtained by discounting all Remaining Scheduled
 Payments with respect to such Called Principal from their respective
 scheduled due dates to the Settlement Date with respect to such Called
 Principal, in accordance with accepted financial practice and at a
 discount factor (applied on the same periodic basis as that on which
 interest on the Notes is payable) equal to the Reinvestment Yield with
 respect to such Called Principal.

 "Reinvestment Yield" means, with respect to the Called
 Principal of any Note, 0.50 plus the yield to maturity implied by (i)
 the yields reported, as of 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the
 second Business Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such
 Called Principal, on the display designated as "Page PX1" on the
 Bloomberg Financial Markets Series Screen (or such other display as may
 replace Page PX1 on the Bloomberg Financial Markets Series Screen) for
 actively traded U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity equal to the
 Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal as of such Settlement
 Date, or (ii) if such yields are not reported as of such time or the
 yields reported as of such time are not ascertainable, the Treasury

-26-

Constant Maturity Series Yields reported, for the latest day for which
 such yields have been so reported as of the second Business Day
 preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in
 Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (or any comparable
 successor publication) for actively traded U.S. Treasury securities
 having a constant maturity equal to the Remaining Average Life of such
 Called Principal as of such Settlement Date. Such implied yield will be
 determined, if necessary, by (a) converting U.S. Treasury bill
 quotations to bond-equivalent yields in accordance with accepted
 financial practice and (b) interpolating linearly between (1) the
 actively traded U.S. Treasury security with the average life closest to
 and greater than the Remaining Average Life and (2) the actively traded
 U.S. Treasury security with the average life closest to and less than
 the Remaining Average Life.

 "Remaining Average Life" means, with respect to any Called
 Principal, the number of years (calculated to the nearest day) obtained
 by dividing (i) such Called Principal into (ii) the sum of the products
 obtained by multiplying (a) the principal component of each Remaining
 Scheduled Payment with respect to such Called Principal by (b) the
 number of years (calculated to the nearest day) that will elapse
 between the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal and
 the scheduled due date of such Remaining Scheduled Payment.

 "Remaining Scheduled Payments" means, with respect to the
 Called Principal of any Note, all payments of such Called Principal and
 interest thereon that would be due after the Settlement Date with
 respect to such Called Principal if no payment of such Called Principal
 were made prior to its scheduled due date, provided that if such
 Settlement Date is not a date on which interest payments are due to be
 made under the terms of the Notes, then the amount of the next
 succeeding scheduled interest payment will be reduced by the amount of
 interest accrued to such Settlement Date and required to be paid on
 such Settlement Date pursuant to Section 8.2 or 12.1.

 "Settlement Date" means, with respect to the Called Principal
 of any Note, the date on which such Called Principal is to be prepaid
 pursuant to Section 8.3 or has become or is declared to be immediately
 due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires.

SECTION 9. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS.

 The Company covenants that so long as any of the Notes are outstanding:

 Section 9.1. Compliance with Law. The Company will and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply with all laws, ordinances or
governmental rules or regulations to which

-27-

each of them is subject, including, without limitation, Environmental Laws, and
will obtain and maintain in effect all licenses, certificates, permits,
franchises and other governmental authorizations necessary to the ownership of
their respective properties or to the conduct of their respective businesses, in
each case to the extent necessary to ensure that non-compliance with such laws,
ordinances or governmental rules or regulations or failures to obtain or
maintain in effect such licenses, certificates, permits, franchises and other
governmental authorizations could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

 Section 9.2. Insurance. The Company will and will cause each of
its Subsidiaries to maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurers,
insurance with respect to their respective properties and businesses against
such casualties and contingencies, of such types, on such terms and in such
amounts (including deductibles, co-insurance and self-insurance, if adequate
reserves are maintained with respect thereto) as is customary in the case of
entities of established reputations engaged in the same or a similar business
and similarly situated.

 Section 9.3. Maintenance of Properties. The Company will and
will cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and keep, or cause to be
maintained and kept, their respective properties in reasonably good repair,
working order and condition (other than ordinary wear and tear), so that the
business carried on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all
times, provided that this Section shall not prevent the Company or any
Subsidiary from discontinuing the operation and the maintenance of any of its
properties if such discontinuance is desirable in the conduct of its business
and the Company has concluded that such discontinuance could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

 Section 9.4. Payment of Taxes and Claims. The Company will and
will cause each of its Subsidiaries to file all material tax returns required to
be filed in any jurisdiction and to pay and discharge all taxes shown to be due
and payable on such returns and all other taxes, assessments, governmental
charges, or levies imposed on them or any of their properties, assets, income or
franchises, to the extent such taxes and assessments have become due and payable
and before they have become delinquent and all claims for which sums have become
due and payable that have or might become a Lien on properties or assets of the
Company or any Subsidiary, provided that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
need pay any such tax or assessment or claims if (i) the amount, applicability
or validity thereof is contested by the Company or such Subsidiary on a timely
basis in good faith and in appropriate proceedings, and the Company or a
Subsidiary has established adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP on
the books of the Company or such Subsidiary or (ii) the nonpayment of all such
taxes and assessments in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

-28-

Section 9.5. Corporate Existence, etc. The Company will at all
times preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence.
Subject to Sections 10.4 and 10.5, the Company will at all times preserve and
keep in full force and effect the corporate existence of each of its
Subsidiaries (unless merged into the Company or a Subsidiary) and all rights and
franchises of the Company and its Subsidiaries unless, in the good faith
judgment of the Company, the termination of or failure to preserve and keep in
full force and effect such corporate existence, right or franchise could not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 10. NEGATIVE COVENANTS.

 The Company covenants that so long as any of the Notes are outstanding:

 Section 10.1. Consolidated Net Worth. The Company will not, at
any time, permit Consolidated Net Worth to be less than the sum of (a)
 100,000,000, plus (b) an aggregate amount equal to 50 of its Consolidated Net
Income (but, in each case, only if a positive number) for each completed fiscal
quarter beginning with the fiscal quarter ended August 2, 1998.

 Section 10.2. Limitations on Funded Debt and Priority Debt. (a)
The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, assume or
incur or in any manner be or become liable in respect of any Funded Debt,
except:

 (1) Funded Debt evidenced by the Notes;

 (2) Funded Debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries
 outstanding as of the date of this Agreement and reflected in Schedule
 5.15 (other than Funded Debt to be repaid out of the proceeds of the
 sale of the Notes) and any renewals, extensions and refinancings
 thereof which, in any case, do not increase the principal amount
 thereof outstanding immediately prior to such renewal, extension or
 refinancing;

 (3) Funded Debt of the Company and Priority Debt,
 provided that at the time of issuance thereof and after giving effect
 thereto and to the application of the proceeds thereof:

 (i) Consolidated Funded Debt shall not exceed
 60 of Total Capitalization, and

 (ii) Priority Debt shall not exceed 15 of
 Consolidated Net Worth.

-29-

(b) Any Person which becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof
shall for all purposes of this Section 10.2 be deemed to have created, assumed
or incurred at the time it becomes a Subsidiary all Funded Debt and Priority
Debt of such corporation existing immediately after it becomes a Subsidiary.

 Section 10.3. Liens. The Company will not, and will not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly create, incur, assume or
permit to exist (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) any Lien on
or with respect to any property or asset (including, without limitation, any
document or instrument in respect of goods or accounts receivable) of the
Company or any such Subsidiary, whether now owned or held or hereafter acquired,
or any income or profits therefrom, or assign or otherwise convey any right to
receive income or profits, except:

 (a) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental
 charges which are not yet due and payable or the payment of which is
 not at the time required by Section 9.4;

 (b) any attachment or judgment Lien, unless the judgment it
 secures shall not, within 30 days after the entry thereof, have been
 discharged or execution thereof stayed pending appeal and with respect
 to which judgment adequate reserves have been established by the
 Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP;

 (c) statutory Liens of landlords and Liens of carriers,
 warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and other similar Liens, in each
 case, incurred in the ordinary course of business for sums not yet due
 and payable or the payment of which is not at the time required by
 Section 9.4;

 (d) leases or subleases granted to others, easements,
 rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar charges or encumbrances,
 in each case incidental to, and not interfering with, the ordinary
 conduct of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
 provided that such Liens do not, in the aggregate, materially detract
 from the value of such property;

 (e) Liens (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA) incurred or
 deposits made in the ordinary course of business (i) in connection with
 workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social
 security or retirement benefits, or (ii) to secure (or to obtain
 letters of credit that secure) the performance of tenders, statutory
 obligations, surety bonds, appeal bonds, bids, leases (other than
 Capital Leases), performance bonds, purchase, construction or sales
 contracts and other similar obligations, in each case not incurred or
 made in connection with the borrowing of

-30-

money, the obtaining of advances or credit or the payment of the
 deferred purchase price of property;

 (f) Liens existing on the date of this Agreement and securing
 the Debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries referred to in Schedule
 5.15 as secured Debt;

 (g) Liens on property or assets of the Company or any of its
 Subsidiaries securing Debt owing to the Company or to any of its
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries;

 (h) any Lien created to secure all or any part of the
 purchase price, or to secure Debt incurred or assumed to pay all or any
 part of the purchase price or cost of construction, of tangible
 property (or any improvement thereon) acquired or constructed by the
 Company or a Subsidiary after the date of the Closing, provided that

 (i) any such Lien shall extend solely to the item or
 items of such property (or improvement thereon) so acquired or
 constructed and, if required by the terms of the instrument
 originally creating such Lien, other property (or improvement
 thereon) which is an improvement to or is acquired for
 specific use in connection with such acquired or constructed
 property (or improvement thereon) or which is real property
 being improved by such acquired or constructed property (or
 improvement thereon),

 (ii) the principal amount of the Debt secured by any
 such Lien shall at no time exceed an amount equal to the
 lesser of (A) the cost to the Company or such Subsidiary of
 the property (or improvement thereon) so acquired or
 constructed and (B) the Fair Market Value (as determined in
 good faith by the board of directors of the Company) of such
 property (or improvement thereon) at the time of such
 acquisition or construction, and

 (iii) any such Lien shall be created contemporaneously
 with, or within 18 months after, the acquisition or
 construction of such property;

 (i) any Lien existing on property of a Person immediately
 prior to its being consolidated with or merged into the Company or a
 Subsidiary or its becoming a Subsidiary, or any Lien existing on any
 property acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary at the time such
 property is so acquired (whether or not the Debt secured thereby shall
 have been assumed), provided that (i) no such Lien shall have been
 created or assumed in contemplation of such consolidation or merger or
 such Person's becoming a Subsidiary or such acquisition of property,
 and (ii) each such Lien shall extend solely to the item or items of
 property so acquired and, if required by the terms of the instrument

-31-

originally creating such Lien, other property which is an improvement
 to or is acquired for specific use in connection with such acquired
 property;

 (j) any Lien renewing, extending or refunding any Lien
 permitted by paragraphs (f), (h) or (i) of this Section, provided that
 (i) the principal amount of Debt secured by such Lien immediately prior
 to such extension, renewal or refunding is not increased or the
 maturity thereof reduced, (ii) such Lien is not extended to any other
 property, and (iii) immediately after such extension, renewal or
 refunding no Default or Event of Default would exist;

 (k) other Liens not otherwise permitted by paragraphs (a)
 through (j), provided that after giving effect to the imposition of
 such Lien and the incurrence of the obligation secured thereby,
 Priority Debt shall not exceed 15 of Consolidated Net Worth.

 Section 10.4. Merger, Consolidation, etc. The Company will not,
and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, consolidate with or merge with
any other corporation or convey, transfer or lease substantially all of its
assets in a single transaction or series of transactions to any Person (except
that a Subsidiary of the Company may (x) consolidate with or merge with, or
convey, transfer or lease substantially all of its assets in a single
transaction or series of transactions to, the Company or another Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary of the Company and (y) convey, transfer or lease all of its assets in
compliance with the provisions of Section 10.5), provided that the foregoing
restriction does not apply to the consolidation or merger of the Company with,
or the conveyance, transfer or lease of substantially all of the assets of the
Company in a single transaction or series of transactions to, any Person so long
as:

 (a) the successor formed by such consolidation or the
 survivor of such merger or the Person that acquires by conveyance,
 transfer or lease substantially all of the assets of the Company as an
 entirety, as the case may be (the "Successor Corporation"), shall be a
 solvent corporation organized and existing under the laws of the United
 States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia;

 (b) if the Company is not the Successor Corporation, such
 corporation shall have executed and delivered to each holder of Notes
 its assumption of the due and punctual performance and observance of
 each covenant and condition of this Agreement, the Other Agreements and
 the Notes (pursuant to such agreements and instruments as shall be
 reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders), and the Company shall
 have caused to be delivered to each holder of Notes an opinion of
 nationally recognized independent counsel, or other independent counsel
 reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders, to the effect that all
 agreements or instruments effecting such

-32-

assumption are enforceable in accordance with their terms and comply
 with the terms hereof; and

 (c) immediately after giving effect to such transaction:

 (i) no Default or Event of Default would exist, and

 (ii) the Successor Corporation would be permitted by
 the provisions of Section 10.2 hereof to incur at least 1.00
 of additional Funded Debt owing to a Person other than a
 Subsidiary of the Successor Corporation.

No such conveyance, transfer or lease of substantially all of the assets of the
Company shall have the effect of releasing the Company or any Successor
Corporation from its liability under this Agreement or the Notes.

 Section 10.5. Sale of Assets, etc. Except as permitted under
Section 10.4, the Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, make any Asset Disposition unless:

 (a) in the good faith opinion of the Company, the Asset
 Disposition is in exchange for consideration having a Fair Market Value
 at least equal to that of the property exchanged and is in the best
 interest of the Company or such Subsidiary; and

 (b) immediately prior to and after giving effect to the Asset
 Disposition, no Default or Event of Default would exist; and

 (c) immediately after giving effect to the Asset Disposition,
 the Disposition Value of all property that was the subject of any Asset
 Disposition occurring in the then current fiscal year of the Company
 would not exceed 15 of Consolidated Assets as of the end of the then
 most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company.

 If the Net Proceeds Amount for any Transfer is applied to a Debt
Prepayment Application or a Property Reinvestment Application within one year
after such Transfer, then such Transfer, only for the purpose of determining
compliance with subsection (c) of this Section as of a date on or after the Net
Proceeds Amount is so applied, shall be deemed not to be an Asset Disposition.

 Section 10.6. Transactions with Affiliates. The Company will not
and will not permit any Subsidiary to enter into directly or indirectly any
transaction or Material group of related transactions (including without
limitation the purchase, lease, sale or exchange of properties of

-33-

any kind or the rendering of any service) with any Affiliate (other than the
Company or another Subsidiary), except in the ordinary course and pursuant to
the reasonable requirements of the Company's or such Subsidiary's business and
upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Company or such
Subsidiary than would be obtainable in a comparable arm's-length transaction
with a Person not an Affiliate.

SECTION 11. EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

 An "Event of Default" shall exist if any of the following conditions or
events shall occur and be continuing:

 (a) the Company defaults in the payment of any principal or
 Make-Whole Amount, if any, on any Note when the same becomes due and
 payable, whether at maturity or at a date fixed for prepayment or by
 declaration or otherwise; or

 (b) the Company defaults in the payment of any interest on
 any Note for more than five Business Days after the same becomes due
 and payable; or

 (c) the Company defaults in the performance of or compliance
 with any term contained in Sections 10.1 through 10.5, both inclusive,
 or Section 7.1(d); or

 (d) the Company defaults in the performance of or compliance
 with any term contained herein (other than those referred to in
 paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 11) and such default is not
 remedied within 30 days after the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer
 obtaining actual knowledge of such default and (ii) the Company
 receiving written notice of such default from any holder of a Note (any
 such written notice to be identified as a "notice of default" and to
 refer specifically to this paragraph (d) of Section 11); or

 (e) any representation or warranty made in writing by or on
 behalf of the Company or by any officer of the Company in this
 Agreement or in any writing furnished in connection with the
 transactions contemplated hereby proves to have been false or incorrect
 in any material respect on the date as of which made; or

 (f) (i) the Company or any Subsidiary is in default (as
 principal or as guarantor or other surety) in the payment of any
 principal of or premium or make-whole amount or interest on any
 Indebtedness that is outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of at
 least 5,000,000 beyond any period of grace provided with respect
 thereto, or (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary is in default in the
 performance of or compliance with any term of any evidence of any
 Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal

-34-

amount of at least 5,000,000 or of any mortgage, indenture or other
 agreement relating thereto or any other condition exists, and as a
 consequence of such default or condition such Indebtedness has become,
 or has been declared (or one or more Persons are entitled to declare
 such Indebtedness to be), due and payable before its stated maturity or
 before its regularly scheduled dates of payment, or (iii) as a
 consequence of the occurrence or continuation of any event or condition
 (other than the passage of time or the right of the holder of
 Indebtedness to convert such Indebtedness into equity interests), (x)
 the Company or any Subsidiary has become obligated to purchase or repay
 Indebtedness before its regular maturity or before its regularly
 scheduled dates of payment in an aggregate outstanding principal amount
 of at least 5,000,000, or (y) one or more Persons have the right to
 require the Company or any Subsidiary so to purchase or repay such
 Indebtedness; or

 (g) the Company or any Subsidiary (i) is generally not
 paying, or admits in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they
 become due, (ii) files, or consents by answer or otherwise to the
 filing against it of, a petition for relief or reorganization or
 arrangement or any other petition in bankruptcy, for liquidation or to
 take advantage of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
 moratorium or other similar law of any jurisdiction, (iii) makes an
 assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iv) consents to the
 appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee or other officer with
 similar powers with respect to it or with respect to any substantial
 part of its property, (v) is adjudicated as insolvent or to be
 liquidated, or (vi) takes corporate action for the purpose of any of
 the foregoing; or

 (h) a court or governmental authority of competent
 jurisdiction enters an order appointing, without consent by the Company
 or any of its Subsidiaries, a custodian, receiver, trustee or other
 officer with similar powers with respect to it or with respect to any
 substantial part of its property, or constituting an order for relief
 or approving a petition for relief or reorganization or any other
 petition in bankruptcy or for liquidation or to take advantage of any
 bankruptcy or insolvency law of any jurisdiction, or ordering the
 dissolution, winding-up or liquidation of the Company or any of its
 Subsidiaries, or any such petition shall be filed against the Company
 or any of its Subsidiaries and such petition shall not be dismissed
 within 60 days; or

 (i) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money
 aggregating in excess of 5,000,000 are rendered against one or more of
 the Company and its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within 60
 days after entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed pending appeal;
 or

-35-

(j) if (i) any Plan shall fail to satisfy the minimum funding
 standards of ERISA or the Code for any plan year or part thereof or a
 waiver of such standards or extension of any amortization period is
 sought or granted under section 412 of the Code, (ii) a notice of
 intent to terminate any Plan shall have been or is reasonably expected
 to be filed with the PBGC or the PBGC shall have instituted proceedings
 under ERISA section 4042 to terminate or appoint a trustee to
 administer any Plan or the PBGC shall have notified the Company or any
 ERISA Affiliate that a Plan may become a subject of any such
 proceedings, (iii) the aggregate "amount of unfunded benefit
 liabilities" (within the meaning of section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA) under
 all Plans, determined in accordance with Title IV of ERISA, shall
 exceed 5,000,000, (iv) the Company or any ERISA Affiliate shall have
 incurred or is reasonably expected to incur any liability pursuant to
 Title I or IV of ERISA or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the
 Code relating to employee benefit plans, (v) the Company or any ERISA
 Affiliate withdraws from any Multiemployer Plan, or (vi) the Company or
 any Subsidiary establishes or amends any employee welfare benefit plan
 that provides post-employment welfare benefits in a manner that would
 increase the liability of the Company or any Subsidiary thereunder; and
 any such event or events described in clauses (i) through (vi) above,
 either individually or together with any other such event or events,
 could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

As used in Section 11(j), the terms "employee benefit plan" and "employee
welfare benefit plan" shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms
in Section 3 of ERISA.

SECTION 12. REMEDIES ON DEFAULT, ETC.

 Section 12.1. Acceleration.

 (a) If an Event of Default with respect to the Company
 described in paragraph (g) or (h) of Section 11 has occurred, all the
 Notes then outstanding shall automatically become immediately due and
 payable.

 (b) If any other Event of Default has occurred and is
 continuing, any holder or holders of more than 35 in principal amount
 of the Notes at the time outstanding may at any time at its or their
 option, by notice or notices to the Company, declare all the Notes then
 outstanding to be immediately due and payable.

 (c) If any Event of Default described in paragraph (a) or (b)
 of Section 11 has occurred and is continuing, any holder or holders of
 Notes at the time outstanding affected by such Event of Default may at
 any time, at its or their option, by notice or

-36-

notices to the Company, declare all the Notes held by it or them to be
 immediately due and payable.

 Upon any Note's becoming due and payable under this Section 12.1,
whether automatically or by declaration, such Note will forthwith mature and the
entire unpaid principal amount of such Note, plus (x) all accrued and unpaid
interest thereon and (y) the Make-Whole Amount determined in respect of such
principal amount (to the full extent permitted by applicable law), shall all be
immediately due and payable, in each and every case without presentment, demand,
protest or further notice, all of which are hereby waived. The Company
acknowledges, and the parties hereto agree, that each holder of a Note has the
right to maintain its investment in the Notes free from repayment by the Company
(except as herein specifically provided for), and that the provision for payment
of a Make-Whole Amount by the Company in the event that the Notes are prepaid or
are accelerated as a result of an Event of Default, is intended to provide
compensation for the deprivation of such right under such circumstances.

 Section 12.2. Other Remedies. If any Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, and irrespective of whether any Notes have
become or have been declared immediately due and payable under Section 12.1, the
holder of any Note at the time outstanding may proceed to protect and enforce
the rights of such holder by an action at law, suit in equity or other
appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any agreement
contained herein or in any Note, or for an injunction against a violation of any
of the terms hereof or thereof, or in aid of the exercise of any power granted
hereby or thereby or by law or otherwise.

 Section 12.3. Rescission. At any time after any Notes have been
declared due and payable pursuant to clause (b) or (c) of Section 12.1, the
holders of not less than 66-2/3 in principal amount of the Notes then
outstanding, by written notice to the Company, may rescind and annul any such
declaration and its consequences if (a) the Company has paid all overdue
interest on the Notes, all principal of and Make-Whole Amount, if any, on any
Notes that are due and payable and are unpaid other than by reason of such
declaration, and all interest on such overdue principal and Make-Whole Amount,
if any, and (to the extent permitted by applicable law) any overdue interest in
respect of the Notes, at the Default Rate, (b) all Events of Default and
Defaults, other than non-payment of amounts that have become due solely by
reason of such declaration, have been cured or have been waived pursuant to
Section 17, and (c) no judgment or decree has been entered for the payment of
any monies due pursuant hereto or to the Notes. No rescission and annulment
under this Section 12.3 will extend to or affect any subsequent Event of Default
or Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

 Section 12.4. No Waivers or Election of Remedies, Expenses, etc.
No course of dealing and no delay on the part of any holder of any Note in
exercising any right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof or
otherwise prejudice such holder's rights, powers or

-37-

remedies. No right, power or remedy conferred by this Agreement or by any Note
upon any holder thereof shall be exclusive of any other right, power or remedy
referred to herein or therein or now or hereafter available at law, in equity,
by statute or otherwise. Without limiting the obligations of the Company under
Section 15, the Company will pay to the holder of each Note on demand such
further amount as shall be sufficient to cover all costs and expenses of such
holder incurred in any enforcement or collection under this Section 12,
including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, expenses and
disbursements.

SECTION 13. REGISTRATION; EXCHANGE; SUBSTITUTION OF NOTES.

 Section 13.1. Registration of Notes. The Company shall keep at
its principal executive office a register for the registration and registration
of transfers of Notes. The name and address of each holder of one or more Notes,
each transfer thereof and the name and address of each transferee of one or more
Notes shall be registered in such register. Prior to due presentment for
registration of transfer, the Person in whose name any Note shall be registered
shall be deemed and treated as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes
hereof, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice or knowledge to the
contrary. The Company shall give to any holder of a Note that is an
Institutional Investor promptly upon request therefor, a complete and correct
copy of the names and addresses of all registered holders of Notes.

 Section 13.2. Transfer and Exchange of Notes. Upon surrender of
any Note at the principal executive office of the Company for registration of
transfer or exchange (and in the case of a surrender for registration of
transfer, duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly
executed by the registered holder of such Note or its attorney duly authorized
in writing and accompanied by the address for notices of each transferee of such
Note or part thereof), the Company shall execute and deliver, at the Company's
expense (except as provided below), one or more new Notes (as requested by the
holder thereof) in exchange therefor, in an aggregate principal amount equal to
the unpaid principal amount of, and of the same Series as, the surrendered Note.
Each such new Note shall be payable to such Person as such holder may request
and shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit 1. Each such new Note shall be
dated and bear interest from the date to which interest shall have been paid on
the surrendered Note or dated the date of the surrendered Note if no interest
shall have been paid thereon. The Company may require payment of a sum
sufficient to cover any stamp tax or governmental charge imposed in respect of
any such transfer of Notes. Notes shall not be transferred in denominations of
less than 100,000, provided that if necessary to enable the registration of
transfer by a holder of its entire holding of Notes, one Note may be in a
denomination of less than 100,000. Any transferee, by its acceptance of a Note
registered in its name (or the name of its nominee), shall be deemed to have
made the representation set forth in Section 6.2.

-38-

Section 13.3. Replacement of Notes. Upon receipt by the Company
of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the ownership of and the loss,
theft, destruction or mutilation of any Note (which evidence shall be, in the
case of an Institutional Investor, notice from such Institutional Investor of
such ownership and such loss, theft, destruction or mutilation), and

 (a) in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of
 indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it (provided that if the holder of
 such Note is, or is a nominee for, an original Purchaser or another
 holder of a Note with a minimum net worth of at least 100,000,000,
 such Person's own unsecured agreement of indemnity shall be deemed to
 be satisfactory), or

 (b) in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and
 cancellation thereof,

the Company at its own expense shall execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new
Note, dated and bearing interest from the date to which interest shall have been
paid on, and of the same Series as, such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated
Note or dated the date of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note if no
interest shall have been paid thereon.

SECTION 14. PAYMENTS ON NOTES.

 Section 14.1. Place of Payment. Subject to Section 14.2, payments
of principal, Make-Whole Amount, if any, and interest becoming due and payable
on the Notes shall be made in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New
York, at the principal office of Citibank, N.A. in such jurisdiction. The
Company may at any time, by notice to each holder of a Note, change the place of
payment of the Notes so long as such place of payment shall be either the
principal office of the Company in such jurisdiction or the principal office of
a bank or trust company in such jurisdiction.

 Section 14.2. Home Office Payment. So long as you or your nominee
shall be the holder of any Note, and notwithstanding anything contained in
Section 14.1 or in such Note to the contrary, the Company will pay all sums
becoming due on such Note for principal, Make-Whole Amount, if any, and interest
by the method and at the address specified for such purpose below your name in
Schedule A, or by such other method or at such other address as you shall have
from time to time specified to the Company in writing for such purpose, without
the presentation or surrender of such Note or the making of any notation
thereon, except that upon written request of the Company made concurrently with
or reasonably promptly after payment or prepayment in full of any Note, you
shall surrender such Note for cancellation, reasonably promptly after any such
request, to the Company at its principal executive office or at the place of
payment most recently designated by the Company pursuant to Section 14.1. Prior
to any sale or other disposition of any Note held by you or your nominee you
will surrender such Note to the

-39-

Company in exchange for a new Note or Notes pursuant to Section 13.2. The
Company will afford the benefits of this Section 14.2 to any Institutional
Investor that is the direct or indirect transferee of any Note purchased by you
under this Agreement and that has made the same agreement relating to such Note
as you have made in this Section 14.2.

SECTION 15. EXPENSES, ETC.

 Section 15.1. Transaction Expenses. Whether or not the
transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Company will pay all costs
and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees of a special counsel and, if
reasonably required, local or other counsel) incurred by you and each Other
Purchaser or holder of a Note in connection with such transactions and in
connection with any amendments, waivers or consents under or in respect of this
Agreement or the Notes (whether or not such amendment, waiver or consent becomes
effective), including, without limitation: (a) the costs and expenses incurred
in enforcing or defending (or determining whether or how to enforce or defend)
any rights under this Agreement or the Notes or in responding to any subpoena or
other legal process or informal investigative demand issued in connection with
this Agreement or the Notes, or by reason of being a holder of any Note, and (b)
the costs and expenses, including financial advisors' fees, incurred in
connection with the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or any Subsidiary or
in connection with any work-out or restructuring of the transactions
contemplated hereby and by the Notes. The Company will pay, and will save you
and each other holder of a Note harmless from, all claims in respect of any
fees, costs or expenses, if any, of brokers and finders (other than those
retained by you).

 Section 15.2. Survival. The obligations of the Company under this
Section 15 will survive the payment or transfer of any Note, the enforcement,
amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the Notes, and the
termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 16. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; ENTIRE
 AGREEMENT.

 All representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Notes, the purchase or transfer
by you of any Note or portion thereof or interest therein and the payment of any
Note, and may be relied upon by any subsequent holder of a Note, regardless of
any investigation made at any time by or on behalf of you or any other holder of
a Note. All statements contained in any certificate or other instrument
delivered by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be
deemed representations and warranties of the Company under this Agreement.
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement and the Notes embody the
entire agreement and understanding between you and the Company and supersede all
prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof.

-40-

SECTION 17. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER.

 Section 17.1. Requirements. This Agreement and the Notes may be
amended, and the observance of any term hereof or of the Notes may be waived
(either retroactively or prospectively), with (and only with) the written
consent of the Company and the Required Holders, except that (a) no amendment or
waiver of any of the provisions of Section 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or 21 hereof, or any
defined term (as it is used therein), will be effective as to you unless
consented to by you in writing, and (b) no such amendment or waiver may, without
the written consent of the holder of each Note at the time outstanding affected
thereby, (i) subject to the provisions of Section 12 relating to acceleration or
rescission, change the amount or time of any prepayment or payment of principal
of, or reduce the rate or change the time of payment or method of computation of
interest or of the Make-Whole Amount on, the Notes, (ii) change the percentage
of the principal amount of the Notes the holders of which are required to
consent to any such amendment or waiver, or (iii) amend any of Sections 8,
11(a), 11(b), 12, 17 or 20.

 Section 17.2. Solicitation of Holders of Notes.

 (a) Solicitation. The Company will provide each holder of the Notes
(irrespective of the amount of Notes then owned by it) with sufficient
information, sufficiently far in advance of the date a decision is required, to
enable such holder to make an informed and considered decision with respect to
any proposed amendment, waiver or consent in respect of any of the provisions
hereof or of the Notes. The Company will deliver executed or true and correct
copies of each amendment, waiver or consent effected pursuant to the provisions
of this Section 17 to each holder of outstanding Notes promptly following the
date on which it is executed and delivered by, or receives the consent or
approval of, the requisite holders of Notes.

 (b) Payment. The Company will not directly or indirectly pay or cause
to be paid any remuneration, whether by way of supplemental or additional
interest, fee or otherwise, or grant any security, to any holder of Notes as
consideration for or as an inducement to the entering into by any holder of
Notes or any waiver or amendment of any of the terms and provisions hereof
unless such remuneration is concurrently paid, or security is concurrently
granted, on the same terms, ratably to each holder of Notes then outstanding
even if such holder did not consent to such waiver or amendment.

 Section 17.3. Binding Effect, etc. Any amendment or waiver
consented to as provided in this Section 17 applies equally to all holders of
Notes and is binding upon them and upon each future holder of any Note and upon
the Company without regard to whether such Note has been marked to indicate such
amendment or waiver. No such amendment or waiver will extend to or affect any
obligation, covenant, agreement, Default or Event of Default not expressly
amended or waived or impair any right consequent thereon. No course of dealing
between the Company

-41-

and the holder of any Note nor any delay in exercising any rights hereunder or
under any Note shall operate as a waiver of any rights of any holder of such
Note. As used herein, the term "this Agreement" and references thereto shall
mean this Agreement as it may from time to time be amended or supplemented.

 Section 17.4. Notes Held by Company, etc. Solely for the purpose
of determining whether the holders of the requisite percentage of the aggregate
principal amount of Notes then outstanding approved or consented to any
amendment, waiver or consent to be given under this Agreement or the Notes, or
have directed the taking of any action provided herein or in the Notes to be
taken upon the direction of the holders of a specified percentage of the
aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, Notes directly or
indirectly owned by the Company or any of its Affiliates shall be deemed not to
be outstanding.

SECTION 18. NOTICES.

 All notices and communications provided for hereunder shall be in
writing and sent (a) by telefacsimile if the sender on the same day sends a
confirming copy of such notice by a recognized overnight delivery service
(charges prepaid), or (b) by registered or certified mail with return receipt
requested (postage prepaid), or (c) by a recognized overnight delivery service
(with charges prepaid). Any such notice must be sent:

 (i) if to you or your nominee, to you or it at the address
 specified for such communications in Schedule A, or at such other
 address as you or it shall have specified to the Company in writing,

 (ii) if to any other holder of any Note, to such holder at
 such address as such other holder shall have specified to the Company
 in writing, or

 (iii) if to the Company, to the Company at its address set
 forth at the beginning hereof to the attention of Chief Financial
 Officer, or at such other address as the Company shall have specified
 to the holder of each Note in writing.

Notices under this Section 18 will be deemed given only when actually received.

SECTION 19. REPRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS.

 This Agreement and all documents relating thereto, including, without
limitation, (a) consents, waivers and modifications that may hereafter be
executed, (b) documents received by you at the Closing (except the Notes
themselves), and (c) financial statements, certificates and other information
previously or hereafter furnished to you, may be reproduced by you by any

-42-

photographic, photostatic, microfilm, microcard, miniature photographic or other
similar process and you may destroy any original document so reproduced. The
Company agrees and stipulates that, to the extent permitted by applicable law,
any such reproduction shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in
any judicial or administrative proceeding (whether or not the original is in
existence and whether or not such reproduction was made by you in the regular
course of business) and any enlargement, facsimile or further reproduction of
such reproduction shall likewise be admissible in evidence. This Section 19
shall not prohibit the Company or any other holder of Notes from contesting any
such reproduction to the same extent that it could contest the original, or from
introducing evidence to demonstrate the inaccuracy of any such reproduction.

SECTION 20. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

 For the purposes of this Section 20, "Confidential Information" means
information delivered to you by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary in
connection with the transactions contemplated by or otherwise pursuant to this
Agreement that is proprietary in nature and that was clearly marked or labeled
or otherwise adequately identified when received by you as being confidential
information of the Company or such Subsidiary, provided that such term does not
include information that (a) was publicly known or otherwise known to you prior
to the time of such disclosure, (b) subsequently becomes publicly known through
no act or omission by you or any person acting on your behalf, (c) otherwise
becomes known to you other than through disclosure by the Company or any
Subsidiary or (d) constitutes financial statements delivered to you under
Section 7.1 that are otherwise publicly available. You will maintain the
confidentiality of such Confidential Information in accordance with procedures
adopted by you in good faith to protect confidential information of third
parties delivered to you, provided that you may deliver or disclose Confidential
Information to (i) your directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys and
affiliates (to the extent such disclosure reasonably relates to the
administration of the investment represented by your Notes), (ii) your financial
advisors and other professional advisors who agree to hold confidential the
Confidential Information substantially in accordance with the terms of this
Section 20, (iii) any other holder of any Note, (iv) any Institutional Investor
to which you sell or offer to sell such Note or any part thereof or any
participation therein (if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt
of such Confidential Information to be bound by the provisions of this Section
20), (v) any Person from which you offer to purchase any security of the Company
(if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such Confidential
Information to be bound by the provisions of this Section 20), (vi) any federal
or state regulatory authority having jurisdiction over you, (vii) the National
Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization, or any
nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about
your investment portfolio or (viii) any other Person to which such delivery or
disclosure may be necessary or appropriate (w) to effect compliance with any
law, rule, regulation or order applicable to you, (x) in response

-43-

to any subpoena or other legal process, (y) in connection with any litigation to
which you are a party or (z) if an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, to the extent you may reasonably determine such delivery and
disclosure to be necessary or appropriate in the enforcement or for the
protection of the rights and remedies under your Notes and this Agreement. Each
holder of a Note, by its acceptance of a Note, will be deemed to have agreed to
be bound by and to be entitled to the benefits of this Section 20 as though it
were a party to this Agreement. On reasonable request by the Company in
connection with the delivery to any holder of a Note of information required to
be delivered to such holder under this Agreement or requested by such holder
(other than a holder that is a party to this Agreement or its nominee), such
holder will enter into an agreement with the Company embodying the provisions of
this Section 20.

SECTION 21. SUBSTITUTION OF PURCHASER.

 You shall have the right to substitute any one of your Affiliates as
the purchaser of the Notes that you have agreed to purchase hereunder, by
written notice to the Company, which notice shall be signed by both you and such
Affiliate, shall contain such Affiliate's agreement to be bound by this
Agreement and shall contain a confirmation by such Affiliate of the accuracy
with respect to it of the representations set forth in Section 6. Upon receipt
of such notice, wherever the word "you" is used in this Agreement (other than in
this Section 21), such word shall be deemed to refer to such Affiliate in lieu
of you. In the event that such Affiliate is so substituted as a purchaser
hereunder and such Affiliate thereafter transfers to you all of the Notes then
held by such Affiliate, upon receipt by the Company of notice of such transfer,
wherever the word "you" is used in this Agreement (other than in this Section
21), such word shall no longer be deemed to refer to such Affiliate, but shall
refer to you, and you shall have all the rights of an original holder of the
Notes under this Agreement.

SECTION 22. MISCELLANEOUS.

 Section 22.1. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and other
agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties
hereto bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns
(including, without limitation, any subsequent holder of a Note) whether so
expressed or not.

 Section 22.2. Payments Due on Non-Business Days. Anything in this
Agreement or the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, any payment of principal
of or Make-Whole Amount or interest on any Note that is due on a date other than
a Business Day shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day without
including the additional days elapsed in the computation of the interest payable
on such next succeeding Business Day.

-44-

Section 22.3. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that
is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any
such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall (to the full
extent permitted by law) not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision
in any other jurisdiction.

 Section 22.4. Construction. Each covenant contained herein shall
be construed (absent express provision to the contrary) as being independent of
each other covenant contained herein, so that compliance with any one covenant
shall not (absent such an express contrary provision) be deemed to excuse
compliance with any other covenant. Where any provision herein refers to action
to be taken by any Person, or which such Person is prohibited from taking, such
provision shall be applicable whether such action is taken directly or
indirectly by such Person.

 Section 22.5. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original but all of which
together shall constitute one instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a
number of copies hereof, each signed by less than all, but together signed by
all, of the parties hereto.

 Section 22.6. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed
and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed
by, the law of the State of New York excluding choice-of-law principles of the
law of such State that would require the application of the laws of a
jurisdiction other than such State.

-45-

If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign the form of
agreement on the accompanying counterpart of this Agreement and return it to the
Company, whereupon the foregoing shall become a binding agreement between you
and the Company.

 Very truly yours,

 CULP, INC.

By

 Name:
 Title:

The foregoing is hereby agreed
to as of the date thereof.

 [VARIATION]

By

 Name:
 Title:

-46-

INFORMATION RELATING TO PURCHASERS
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PURCHASER NOTES TO BE PURCHASED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SERIES A SERIES B

CONNECTICUT GENERAL LIFE -0- 6,500,000
 INSURANCE COMPANY 3,100,000
c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc. 3,100,000
900 Cottage Grove Road 3,100,000
Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2307
Attention: Private Securities Division S-307
Fax: 860-726-7203

Payments

All payments on or in respect of the Notes to be by Federal Funds Wire Transfer
to:

 Chase NYC/CTR/
 BNF=CIGNA Private Placements/AC=9009001802
 ABA #021000021
 OBI=[name of company; description of security; interest rate; maturity
 date; PPN; due date and application (as among principal, premium and
 interest of the payment being made); contact name and phone.]

Address for Notices Related to Payments:

 CIG & Co.
 c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
 Attention: Securities Processing S-309
 900 Cottage Grove Road
 Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2309

 and

 CIG & Co.
 c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
 Attention: Private Securities S-307
 Operations Group

SCHEDULE A
 (to Note Purchase Agreement)

900 Cottage Grove Road
 Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2307
 Fax: 860-726-7203

 with a copy to:

 Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A.
 Private Placement Servicing
 P. O. Box 1508
 Bowling Green Station
 New York, New York 10081
 Attention: CIGNA Private Placements
 Fax: 212-552-3107/1005

Address for All Other Notices:

 CIG & Co.
 c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
 Attention: Private Securities Division S-307
 900 Cottage Grove Road
 Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2307
 Fax: 860-726-7203

Name of Nominee in which Notes are to be issued: CIG & Co.

Taxpayer I.D. Number for CIG & Co.: 13-3574027

A-48

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PURCHASER NOTES TO BE PURCHASED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SERIES A SERIES B

LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF -0- 3,100,000
 NORTH AMERICA
c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
900 Cottage Grove Road
Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2307
Attention: Private Securities Division S-307
Fax: 860-726-7203

Payments

All payments on or in respect of the Notes to be by Federal Funds Wire Transfer
to:

 Chase NYC/CTR/
 BNF=CIGNA Private Placements/AC=9009001802
 ABA #021000021
 OBI=[name of company; description of security; interest rate; maturity
 date; PPN; due date and application (as among principal, premium and
 interest of the payment being made); contact name and phone.]

Address for Notices Related to Payments:

 CIG & Co.
 c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
 Attention: Securities Processing S-309
 900 Cottage Grove Road
 Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2309

 and

 CIG & Co.
 c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
 Attention: Private Securities S-307
 Operations Group
 900 Cottage Grove Road

A-49

Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2307
 Fax: 860-726-7203

 with a copy to:

 Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A.
 Private Placement Servicing
 P. O. Box 1508
 Bowling Green Station
 New York, New York 10081
 Attention: CIGNA Private Placements
 Fax: 212-552-3107/1005

Address for All Other Notices:

 CIG & Co.
 c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
 Attention: Private Securities Division S-307
 900 Cottage Grove Road
 Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2307
 Fax: 860-726-7203

Name of Nominee in which Notes are to be issued: CIG & Co.

Taxpayer I.D. Number for CIG & Co.: 13-3574027

A-50

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PURCHASER NOTES TO BE PURCHASED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SERIES A SERIES B

CIGNA PROPERTY AND CASUALTY -0- 3,100,000
 INSURANCE COMPANY
c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
900 Cottage Grove Road
Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2307
Attention: Private Securities Division S-307
Fax: 860-726-7203

Payments

All payments on or in respect of the Notes to be by Federal Funds Wire Transfer
to:

 Chase NYC/CTR/
 BNF=CIGNA Private Placements/AC=9009001802
 ABA #021000021
 OBI=[name of company; description of security; interest rate; maturity
 date; PPN; due date and application (as among principal, premium and
 interest of the payment being made); contact name and phone.]

Address for Notices Related to Payments:

 CIG & Co.
 c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
 Attention: Securities Processing S-309
 900 Cottage Grove Road
 Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2309

 and

 CIG & Co.
 c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
 Attention: Private Securities S-307
 Operations Group
 900 Cottage Grove Road

 A-51

Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2307
 Fax: 860-726-7203

 with a copy to:

 Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A.
 Private Placement Servicing
 P. O. Box 1508
 Bowling Green Station
 New York, New York 10081
 Attention: CIGNA Private Placements
 Fax: 212-552-3107/1005

Address for All Other Notices:

 CIG & Co.
 c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
 Attention: Private Securities Division S-307
 900 Cottage Grove Road
 Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2307
 Fax: 860-726-7203

Name of Nominee in which Notes are to be issued: CIG & Co.

Taxpayer I.D. Number for CIG & Co.: 13-3574027

A-52

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PURCHASER NOTES TO BE PURCHASED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SERIES A SERIES B

CONNECTICUT GENERAL LIFE INSURANCE -0- 3,000,000
 COMPANY, on behalf of one or more separate
 accounts
c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
900 Cottage Grove Road
Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2307
Attention: Private Securities Division S-307
Fax: 860-726-7203

Payments

All payments on or in respect of the Notes to be by Federal Funds Wire Transfer
to:

 Chase NYC/CTR/
 BNF=CIGNA Private Placements/AC=9009001802
 ABA #021000021
 OBI=[name of company; description of security; interest rate; maturity
 date; PPN; due date and application (as among principal, premium and
 interest of the payment being made); contact name and phone.]

Address for Notices Related to Payments:

 CIG & Co.
 c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
 Attention: Securities Processing S-309
 900 Cottage Grove Road
 Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2309

 and

 CIG & Co.
 c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
 Attention: Private Securities S-307
 Operations Group

A-53

900 Cottage Grove Road
 Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2307
 Fax: 860-726-7203

 with a copy to:

 Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A.
 Private Placement Servicing
 P. O. Box 1508
 Bowling Green Station
 New York, New York 10081
 Attention: CIGNA Private Placements
 Fax: 212-552-3107/1005

Address for All Other Notices:

 CIG & Co.
 c/o CIGNA Investments, Inc.
 Attention: Private Securities Division S-307
 900 Cottage Grove Road
 Hartford, Connecticut 06152-2307
 Fax: 860-726-7203

Name of Nominee in which Notes are to be issued: CIG & Co.

Taxpayer I.D. Number for CIG & Co.: 13-3574027

A-54

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PURCHASER NOTES TO BE PURCHASED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SERIES A SERIES B

THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY -0- 19,000,000
 OF NEW YORK
1740 Broadway
New York, New York 10019
Attention: MONY Capital Management Unit
Telecopy Number: (212) 708-2491

Payments

All payments on or in respect of the Notes to be by bank wire transfer of
Federal or other immediately available funds (identifying each payment as "Culp,
Inc. 6.76 Senior Notes Series B due 2010, PPN 230215 A@ 4, principal, premium
or interest") to:

 Chase Manhattan Bank
 ABA #021000021
 for credit to Private Income Processing Account No. 544-755102

Notices

All notices of payment on or in respect of the Notes and written confirmation of
each such payment to:

 IF BY REGISTERED MAIL, CERTIFIED MAIL OR FEDERAL EXPRESS:

 The Chase Manhattan Bank
 4 New York Plaza, 13th Floor
 New York, New York 10004
 Attention: Income Processing - J. Piperato, 13th Floor

 IF BY REGULAR MAIL:

 The Chase Manhattan Bank
 Dept. 3492
 P. O. Box 50000

 A-55

Newark, NJ 07101-8006

 WITH A SECOND COPY TO:

 Telecopy Confirms and Notices:

 (212) 708-2152
 Attention: Securities Custody Division M.D. 6-39A

 Mailing Confirms and Notices:

 The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York
 1740 Broadway
 New York, New York 10019
 Attention: Securities Custody Division M.D. 6-39A

All notices and communications other than those in respect to payments to be
addressed as first provided above.

Name of Nominee in which Notes are to be issued: J. ROMEO & Co.

Taxpayer I.D. Number: 13-1632487

 A-56

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PURCHASER NOTES TO BE PURCHASED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SERIES A SERIES B

THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY -0- 1,000,000
 OF NEW YORK
(For the account of a Separate Account)
1740 Broadway
New York, New York 10019
Attention: MONY Capital Management Unit
Telecopy Number: (212) 708-2491

Payments

All payments on or in respect of the Notes to be by bank wire transfer of
Federal or other immediately available funds (identifying each payment as "Culp,
Inc. 6.76 Senior Notes Series B due 2010, PPN 230215 A@4, principal, premium or
interest") to:

 Bank of New York
 New York, New York
 ABA #021000018
 for credit to HARE & Co. Account No. BNF 10C566
 Attention: P&I Dept.

Notices

All notices of payment on or in respect of the Notes and written confirmation of
each such payment to:

 HARE & Co.
 c/o Bank of New York
 P. O. Box 11203
 New York, New York 10249
 Attention: P&I Dept.

All notices and communications other than those in respect to payments to be
addressed as first provided above.

A-57

Name of Nominee in which Notes are to be issued: HARE & Co.

A-58

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PURCHASER NOTES TO BE PURCHASED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SERIES A SERIES B

UNITED OF OMAHA LIFE INSURANCE -0- 5,000,000
 COMPANY
Mutual of Omaha Plaza
Omaha, Nebraska 68175-1011
Attention: 4-Investment Loan Administration

Payments

All payments on or in respect of the Notes to be by bank wire transfer of
Federal or other immediately available funds (identifying each payment as "Culp,
Inc. 6.76 Senior Notes Series B due 2010, PPN 230215 A@4, principal, premium or
interest") to:

 Chase Manhattan Bank
 ABA #021000021
 Private Income Processing

 for credit to: United of Omaha Life Insurance Company
 Account Number 900-9000200
 a/c: G07097
 Cusip/PPN: ________________
 Interest Amount: ____________________________________________
 Principal Amount: ___________________________________________

Notices

All notices of payments, on or in respect of the Notes and written confirmation
of each such payment, corporate actions and reorganization notifications to:

 The Chase Manhattan Bank
 4 New York Plaza-13th Floor
 New York, New York 10004
 Attention: Investment Processing-J. Pipperato
 a/c: G07097

A-59

All other notices and communications (i.e., quarterly/annual reports, tax
filings, modifications, waivers regarding the indenture) to be addressed as
first provided above.

Name of Nominee in which Notes are to be issued: None

Taxpayer I.D. Number: 47-0322111

A-60

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PURCHASER NOTES TO BE PURCHASED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SERIES A SERIES B

MUTUAL OF OMAHA INSURANCE COMPANY -0- 5,000,000
Mutual of Omaha Plaza
Omaha, Nebraska 68175-1011
Attention: 4-Investment Loan Administration

Payments

All payments on or in respect of the Notes to be by bank wire transfer of
Federal or other immediately available funds (identifying each payment as "Culp,
Inc. 6.76 Senior Notes Series B due 2010, PPN 230215 A@4, principal, premium or
interest") to:

 Chase Manhattan Bank
 ABA #021000021
 Private Income Processing

 for credit to: Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company
 Account #900-9000200
 a/c: G07096
 Cusip/PPN: ________________
 Interest Amount: ____________________________________________
 Principal Amount: ___________________________________________

Notices

All notices of payments, on or in respect of the Notes and written confirmation
of each such payment, corporate actions and reorganization notifications to:

 The Chase Manhattan Bank
 4 New York Plaza-13th Floor
 New York, New York 10004
 Attention: Investment Processing-J. Pipperato
 a/c: G07096

A-61

All other notices and communications (i.e., quarterly/annual reports, tax
filings, modifications, waivers regarding the indenture) to be addressed as
first provided above.

Name of Nominee in which Notes are to be issued: None

Taxpayer I.D. Number: 47-0246511

A-62

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PURCHASER NOTES TO BE PURCHASED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SERIES A SERIES B

THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY 8,000,000 -0-
 OF AMERICA 2,000,000
c/o Prudential Capital Group
One Gateway Center, 11th Floor
7-45 Raymond Boulevard West
Newark, New Jersey 07102-5311
Attention: Managing Director
Telephone: (973) 802-9182
Facsimile: (973) 802-3200

Payments

All payments on or in respect of the Notes to be by bank wire transfer of
Federal or other immediately available funds (identifying each payment as "Culp,
Inc. 6.76 Series A Senior Notes due 2008, PPN 230215 A 6, INV 5900 in the case
of the Note in the original principal amount of 8,000,000 and INV 5901 in the
case of the Note in the original principal amount of 2,000,000, and the due
date and application (among principal, interest and Make-Whole Amount)") to:

 Bank of New York
 New York, New York 10015
 ABA #021-000-018
 for credit to Account Number 890-0304-391,
 Prudential Managed Account
 (in the case of payments on account of the Note originally issued in
 the principal amount of 8,000,000) and Account Number 890-0304-944,
 PRIVEST Portfolio Account (in the case of payments on account of the
 Note originally issued in the principal amount of 2,000,000)

Notices

All notices and communications to be addressed as first provided above, except
notices with respect to payments, and written confirmation of each such payment
to be addressed to:

 The Prudential Insurance Company of America
 Three Gateway Center

A-63

100 Mulberry Street
 Newark, New Jersey 07102-4077
 Attention: Manager, Billings and Collections
 Telephone: (973) 802-5260
 Facsimile: (973) 802-8055

Recipient of telephonic prepayment notices: Manager, Trade Management -
Telephone: (973) 802-7398; Facsimile: (973) 802-9425.

Name of Nominee in which Notes are to be issued: None

Taxpayer I.D. Number: 22-1211670

A-64

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PURCHASER NOTES TO BE PURCHASED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SERIES A SERIES B

ALLSTATE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 10,000,000 -0-
3075 Sanders Road, STE G3A
Northbrook, Illinois 60062-7127
Attention: Private Placements Department
Telephone Number: (847) 402-4394
Telecopier Number: (847) 402-3092

Payments

All payments on or in respect of the Notes to be made by Fedwire transfer of
immediately available funds (identifying each payment with name of the Issuer
(and the Credit, if any), the Private Placement Number preceded by "DPP" and the
payment as principal, interest or premium) in the exact format as follows:

 BBK = Harris Trust and Savings Bank
 ABA #071000288
 BNF = Allstate Life Insurance Company
 Collection Account #168-117-0
 ORG = Culp Inc.
 OBI = DPP - PPN 230215 A 6 --
 Payment Due Date (MM/DD/YY) --
 P ______ (enter "P" and the amount of principal being
 remitted, for example, P5000000.00) --
 I ______ (enter "I" and the amount of interest being
 remitted, for example, I225000.00)

Notices

All notices of scheduled payments and written confirmation of each such payment,
to be addressed:

 Allstate Insurance Company
 Investment Operations--Private Placements
 3075 Sanders Road, STE G4A

A-65

Northbrook, Illinois 60062-7127
 Telephone: (847) 402-2769
 Telecopy: (847) 326-5040

All financial reports, compliance certificates and all other written
communications, including notice of prepayments to be addressed as first
provided above.

Name of Nominee in which Notes are to be issued: None

Taxpayer I.D. Number: 36-2554642

A-66

DEFINED TERMS

 As used herein, the following terms have the respective meanings set
forth below or set forth in the Section hereof following such term:

 "Affiliate" means, at any time, and with respect to any Person, (a) any
other Person that at such time directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries Controls, or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with,
such first Person, and (b) any Person beneficially owning or holding, directly
or indirectly, 10 or more of any class of voting or equity interests of the
Company or any Subsidiary or any corporation of which the Company and its
Subsidiaries beneficially own or hold, in the aggregate, directly or indirectly,
10 or more of any class of voting or equity interests. As used in this
definition, "Control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power
to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, any reference to an "Affiliate"
is a reference to an Affiliate of the Company.

 "Asset Disposition" means any Transfer except:

 (a) any transfer from a Subsidiary to the Company or a
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary so long as immediately before and immediately
 after the consummation of any such Transfer and after giving effect
 thereto, no Default or Event of Default exists; and

 (b) any Transfer made in the ordinary course of business and
 involving only property that is either (i) inventory held for sale or
 (ii) equipment, fixtures, supplies or materials no longer required in
 the operation of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
 or that is obsolete; and

 (c) the conveyance by the Company to The Industrial
 Development Board of the City of Chattanooga (the "Board") of the
 Company's Rossville, Georgia, plant and related personal property (the
 "Project"), so long as the (i) the Board leases the Project back to the
 Company for payments in a nominal amount in lieu of ad valorem taxes
 for the period ending December 31, 2000; (ii) the Company has the right
 to terminate the lease at any time upon written notice; (iii) the
 Company has the right to purchase the Project from the Board upon any
 lease termination (whether at maturity or upon early termination by the
 Company) for a purchase price of 1.00; and (iv) the Company's cost
 basis in the Project at the time of such sale does not exceed
 20,000,000 in the aggregate.

 "Business Day" means (a) for the purposes of Section 8.6 only, any day
other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in New York
City are generally closed,

SCHEDULE B
 (to Note Purchase Agreement)

and (b) for the purposes of any other provision of this Agreement, any day other
than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in New York, New
York, or Charlotte, North Carolina, are generally closed.

 "Capital Lease" means, at any time, a lease with respect to which the
lessee is required concurrently to recognize the acquisition of an asset and the
incurrence of a liability in accordance with GAAP.

 "Capital Lease Obligation" means, with respect to any Person and a
Capital Lease, the amount of the obligation of such Person as the lessee under
such Capital Lease which would, in accordance with GAAP, appear as a liability
on a balance sheet of such Person.

 "Change in Control" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2.

 "Closing" is defined in Section 3.

 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to
time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time.

 "Company" means Culp, Inc., a North Carolina corporation.

 "Confidential Information" is defined in Section 20.

 "Consolidated Assets" means, at any time, the total assets of the
Company and its Subsidiaries which would be shown as assets on a consolidated
balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of such time prepared in
accordance with GAAP, after eliminating all amounts properly attributable to
minority interests, if any, in the stock and surplus of Subsidiaries.

 "Consolidated Funded Debt" means, as of any date of determination, the
total of all Funded Debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries outstanding on such
date, after eliminating all offsetting debits and credits between the Company
and its Subsidiaries and all other items required to be eliminated in the course
of the preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.

 "Consolidated Net Income" means, with reference to any period, the net
income (or loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period (taken as a
cumulative whole), as determined in accordance with GAAP, after eliminating all
offsetting debits and credits between the Company and its Subsidiaries and all
other items required to be eliminated in the course of

 B-68

the preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, provided that there shall be excluded:

 (a) the income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the
 date it becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the
 Company or a Subsidiary, and the income (or loss) of any Person,
 substantially all of the assets of which have been acquired in any
 manner, realized by such other Person prior to the date of acquisition,

 (b) the income (or loss) of any Person (other than a
 Subsidiary) in which the Company or any Subsidiary has an ownership
 interest, except to the extent that any such income has been actually
 received by the Company or such Subsidiary in the form of cash
 dividends or similar cash distributions,

 (c) the undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary to the
 extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar
 distributions by such Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by the
 terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree,
 order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to such
 Subsidiary,

 (d) any restoration to income of any contingency reserve,
 except to the extent that provision for such reserve was made out of
 income accrued during such period,

 (e) any aggregate net gain (but not any aggregate net loss)
 during such period arising from the sale, conversion, exchange or other
 disposition of capital assets (such term to include, without
 limitation, (i) all non-current assets and, without duplication, (ii)
 the following, whether or not current: all fixed assets, whether
 tangible or intangible, all inventory sold in conjunction with the
 disposition of fixed assets, and all Securities),

 (f) any gains resulting from any write-up of any assets (but
 not any loss resulting from any write-down of any assets),

 (g)any net gain from the collection of the proceeds of life
 insurance policies,

 (h) any gain arising from the acquisition of any Security, or
 the extinguishment, under GAAP, of any Debt, of the Company or any
 Subsidiary,

 (i) any net income or gain (but not any net loss) during such
 period from (i) any change in accounting principles in accordance with
 GAAP, (ii) any prior period adjustments resulting from any change in
 accounting principles in accordance with GAAP, (iii) any extraordinary
 items, or (iv) any discontinued operations or the disposition thereof,

B-69

(j) any deferred credit representing the excess of equity in
 any Subsidiary at the date of acquisition over the cost of the
 investment in such Subsidiary,

 (k) in the case of a successor to the Company by
 consolidation or merger or as a transferee of its assets, any earnings
 of the successor corporation prior to such consolidation, merger or
 transfer of assets, and

 (l) any portion of such net income that cannot be freely
 converted into United States Dollars.

 "Consolidated Net Worth" means, at any time,

 (a) the sum of (i) the par value (or value stated on the
 books of the corporation) of the capital stock (but excluding,
 Redeemable Preferred Stock, treasury stock and capital stock subscribed
 and unissued) of the Company and its Subsidiaries plus (ii) the amount
 of the paid-in capital and retained earnings of the Company and its
 Subsidiaries, in each case as such amounts would be shown on a
 consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of
 such time prepared in accordance with GAAP, minus

 (b) to the extent included in clause (a), all amounts
 properly attributable to minority interests, if any, in the stock and
 surplus of Subsidiaries.

 "Control Event" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2

 "Current Maturities of Funded Debt" means, at any time and with respect
to any item of Funded Debt, the portion of such Funded Debt outstanding at such
time which by the terms of such Funded Debt or the terms of any instrument or
agreement relating thereto is due on demand or within one year from such time
(whether by sinking fund, other required prepayment or final payment at
maturity) and is not directly or indirectly renewable, extendible or refundable
at the option of the obligor under an agreement or firm commitment in effect at
such time to a date one year or more from such time.

 "Consolidated Total Capitalization" means, at any time, the sum of
Consolidated Net Worth and Consolidated Funded Debt.

 "Debt" means, with respect to any Person, without duplication,

 (a) its liabilities for borrowed money and its redemption
 obligations in respect of Redeemable Preferred Stock;

B-70

(b) its liabilities for the deferred purchase price of
 property acquired by such Person (excluding accounts payable arising in
 the ordinary course of business but including, without limitation, all
 liabilities created or arising under any conditional sale or other
 title retention agreement with respect to any such property);

 (c) its Capital Lease Obligations;

 (d) all liabilities for borrowed money secured by any Lien
 with respect to any property owned by such Person (whether or not it
 has assumed or otherwise become liable for such liabilities); and

 (e) any Guaranty of such Person with respect to liabilities
 of a type described in any of clauses (a) through (d) hereof.

Debt of any Person shall include all obligations of such Person of the character
described in clauses (a) through (e) to the extent such Person remains legally
liable in respect thereof notwithstanding that any such obligation is deemed to
be extinguished under GAAP.

 "Debt Prepayment Application" means, with respect to any Transfer of
property, the application by the Company or its Subsidiaries of cash in an
amount equal to the Net Proceeds Amount with respect to such Transfer to pay
Senior Funded Debt of the Company (other than Senior Funded Debt owing to the
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any Affiliate and Funded Debt in respect of
any revolving credit or similar credit facility providing the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries with the right to obtain loans or other extensions of credit
from time to time, except to the extent that in connection with such payment of
Senior Funded Debt the availability of credit under such credit facility is
permanently reduced by an amount not less than the amount of such proceeds
applied to the payment of such Senior Funded Debt), provided that in the course
of making such application the Company shall prepay each outstanding Note in
accordance with Section 8.3 in a principal amount which, when added to the
Make-Whole Amount applicable thereto, equals the Ratable Portion for such Note.
As used in this definition, "Ratable Portion" for any Note means an amount equal
to the product of (x) the Net Proceeds Amount being so applied to the payment of
Senior Funded Debt multiplied by (y) a fraction the numerator of which is the
outstanding principal amount of such Note and the denominator of which is the
aggregate principal amount of Senior Funded Debt of the Company and its
Subsidiaries.

 "Default" means an event or condition the occurrence or existence of
which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, become an
Event of Default.

B-71

"Default Rate" means that rate of interest that is the greater of (i)
8.76 per annum or (ii) 2 over the rate of interest publicly announced by
Harris Trust and Savings Bank in Chicago, Illinois, as its "base" or "prime"
rate.

 "Disposition Value" means, at any time, with respect to any
property

 (a) in the case of property that does not constitute
 Subsidiary Stock, the book value thereof, valued at the time of such
 disposition in accordance with GAAP, and

 (b) in the case of property that constitutes Subsidiary
 Stock, an amount equal to that percentage of book value of the assets
 of the Subsidiary that issued such stock as is equal to the percentage
 that the book value of such Subsidiary Stock represents of the book
 value of all of the outstanding capital stock of such Subsidiary
 (assuming, in making such calculations, that all Securities convertible
 into such capital stock are so converted and giving full effect to all
 transactions that would occur or be required in connection with such
 conversion) determined at the time of the disposition thereof, in
 accordance with GAAP.

 "Environmental Laws" means any and all Federal, state, local, and
foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders,
decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or
governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the
environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including but
not limited to those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions
and discharges to waste or public systems.

 "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
from time to time in effect.

 "ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business (whether or not
incorporated) that is treated as a single employer together with the Company
under section 414 of the Code.

 "Event of Default" is defined in Section 11.

 "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

 "Fair Market Value" means, at any time and with respect to any
property, the sale value of such property that would be realized in an
arm's-length sale at such time between an informed and willing buyer and an
informed and willing seller (neither being under a compulsion to buy or sell).

B-72

"Funded Debt" means, with respect to any Person, all Debt of such
Person which by its terms or by the terms of any instrument or agreement
relating thereto matures, or which is otherwise payable or unpaid, one year or
more from, or is directly or indirectly renewable or extendible at the option of
the obligor in respect thereof to a date one year or more (including, without
limitation, an option of such obligor under a revolving credit or similar
agreement obligating the lender or lenders to extend credit over a period of one
year or more) from, the date of the creation thereof, provided that Funded Debt
shall include, as at any date of determination, Current Maturities of Funded
Debt. In the case of the Company "Funded Debt" shall exclude (i) indebtedness
under any revolving credit agreement as to which there has been no principal
balance outstanding during a period of 30 consecutive days within the period of
12 consecutive months ending with the date of determination of Funded Debt, and
(ii) that portion of the proceeds of the issuance of Funded Debt of the Company
consisting of industrial development revenue bonds which is held by the trustee
for such bonds pending withdrawal and application by the Company.

 "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from
time to time in the United States of America.

 "Governmental Authority" means

 (a) the government of

 (i) the United States of America or any State or other
 political subdivision thereof, or

 (ii) any jurisdiction in which the Company or any
 Subsidiary conducts all or any part of its business, or which
 asserts jurisdiction over any properties of the Company or any
 Subsidiary, or

 (b) any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
 regulatory or administrative functions of, or pertaining to, any such
 government.

 "Guaranty" means, with respect to any Person, any obligation (except
the endorsement in the ordinary course of business of negotiable instruments for
deposit or collection) of such Person guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing
(whether by reason of being a general partner of a partnership or otherwise) any
indebtedness, dividend or other obligation of any other Person in any manner,
whether directly or indirectly, including (without limitation) obligations
incurred through an agreement, contingent or otherwise, by such Person:

B-73

(a) to purchase such indebtedness or obligation or any
 property constituting security therefor;

 (b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or
 payment of such indebtedness or obligation, or (ii) to maintain any
 working capital or other balance sheet condition or any income
 statement condition of any other Person or otherwise to advance or make
 available funds for the purchase or payment of such indebtedness or
 obligation;

 (c) to lease properties or to purchase properties or services
 primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of such indebtedness or
 obligation of the ability of any other Person to make payment of the
 indebtedness or obligation; or

 (d) otherwise to assure the owner of such indebtedness or
 obligation against loss in respect thereof.

 In any computation of the indebtedness or other liabilities of the
obligor under any Guaranty, the indebtedness or other obligations that are the
subject of such Guaranty shall be assumed to be direct obligations of such
obligor.

 "Hazardous Material" means any and all pollutants, toxic or hazardous
wastes or any other substances that might pose a hazard to health or safety, the
removal of which may be required or the generation, manufacture, refining,
production, processing, treatment, storage, handling, transportation, transfer,
use, disposal, release, discharge, spillage, seepage, or filtration of which is
or shall be restricted, prohibited or penalized by any applicable law
(including, without limitation, asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation and
polychlorinated biphenyls).

 The term "holder" means, with respect to any Note, the Person in whose
name such Note is registered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant
to Section 13.1.

 "Indebtedness" with respect to any Person means, at any time, without
duplication,

 (a) its liabilities for borrowed money and its redemption
 obligations in respect of mandatorily redeemable Preferred Stock;

 (b) its liabilities for the deferred purchase price of
 property acquired by such Person (excluding accounts payable arising in
 the ordinary course of business but including all liabilities created
 or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention
 agreement with respect to any such property);

B-74

(c) all liabilities appearing on its balance sheet in
 accordance with GAAP in respect of Capital Leases;

 (d) all liabilities for borrowed money secured by any Lien
 with respect to any property owned by such Person (whether or not it
 has assumed or otherwise become liable for such liabilities);

 (e) all its liabilities in respect of letters of credit or
 instruments serving a similar function issued or accepted for its
 account by banks and other financial institutions (whether or not
 representing obligations for borrowed money);

 (f) Swaps of such Person; and

 (g) any Guaranty of such Person with respect to liabilities
 of a type described in any of clauses (a) through (f) hereof.

Indebtedness of any Person shall include all obligations of such Person of the
character described in clauses (a) through (g) to the extent such Person remains
legally liable in respect thereof notwithstanding that any such obligation is
deemed to be extinguished under GAAP.

 "Institutional Investor" means (a) any original purchaser of a Note,
(b) any holder of a Note holding more than 5 of the aggregate principal amount
of the Notes then outstanding, and (c) any bank, trust company, savings and loan
association or other financial institution, any pension plan, any investment
company, any insurance company, any broker or dealer, or any other similar
financial institution or entity, regardless of legal form.

 "Lien" means, with respect to any Person, any mortgage, lien, pledge,
charge, security interest or other encumbrance, or any interest or title of any
vendor, lessor, lender or other secured party to or of such Person under any
conditional sale or other title retention agreement or Capital Lease, upon or
with respect to any property or asset of such Person (including in the case of
stock, stockholder agreements, voting trust agreements and all similar
arrangements).

 "Make-Whole Amount" is defined in Section 8.7.

 "Material" means material in relation to the business, operations,
affairs, financial condition, assets, properties, or prospects of the Company
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

 "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the
business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets or properties of the
Company and its Subsidiaries

B-75

taken as a whole, or (b) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations
under this Agreement and the Notes, or (c) the validity or enforceability of
this Agreement or the Notes.

 "Memorandum" is defined in Section 5.3.

 "Multiemployer Plan" means any Plan that is a "multiemployer plan" (as
such term is defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA).

 "Net Proceeds Amount" means, with respect to any Transfer of any
Property by any Person, an amount equal to the difference of

 (a) the aggregate amount of the consideration (valued at the
 Fair Market Value of such consideration at the time of the consummation
 of such Transfer) received by such Person in respect of such Transfer,
 minus

 (b) all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket costs and
 expenses actually incurred by such Person in connection with such
 Transfer.

 "Notes" is defined in Section 1.

 "Officer's Certificate" means a certificate of a Senior Financial
Officer or of any other officer of the Company whose responsibilities extend to
the subject matter of such certificate.

 "Other Agreements" is defined in Section 2.

 "Other Purchasers" is defined in Section 2.

 "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and
defined in ERISA or any successor thereto.

 "Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited
liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization, or a
government or agency or political subdivision thereof.

 "Plan" means an "employee benefit plan" (as defined in section 3(3) of
ERISA) that is or, within the preceding five years, has been established or
maintained, or to which contributions are or, within the preceding five years,
have been made or required to be made, by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate or
with respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate may have any liability.

B-76

"Preferred Stock" means, in respect of any corporation, shares of the
capital stock of such corporation that are entitled to preference or priority
over any other shares of the capital stock of such corporation in respect of
payment of dividends or distribution of assets upon liquidation.

 "Priority Debt" means, without duplication, the sum of (i) all Debt of
the Company secured by any Lien with respect to any property owned by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than Liens permitted by paragraphs (a)
through (j), both inclusive, of Section 10.3, and (ii) all Debt of Subsidiaries
(except Debt held by the Company or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary).

 "property" or "properties" means, unless otherwise specifically
limited, real or personal property of any kind, tangible or intangible, choate
or inchoate.

 "Property Reinvestment Application" means, with respect to any Transfer
of property of a same or similar nature, the application of an amount equal to
the Net Proceeds Amount with respect to such Transfer to the acquisition by the
Company or any Subsidiary of operating assets of the Company or any Subsidiary
to be used in the ordinary course of business of such Person.

 "Proposed Prepayment Date" is defined in Section 8.2

 "QPAM Exemption" means Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption 84-14
issued by the United States Department of Labor.

 "Redeemable" means, with respect to the capital stock of any Person,
each share of such Person's capital stock that is:

 (a) redeemable, payable or required to be purchased or
 otherwise retired or extinguished, or convertible into Debt of such
 Person (i) at a fixed or determinable date, whether by operation of
 sinking fund or otherwise, (ii) at the option of any Person other than
 such Person, or (iii) upon the occurrence of a condition not solely
 within the control of such Person; or

 (b) convertible into other Redeemable capital stock.

 "Required Holders" means, at any time, the holders of at least 66-2/3 
in principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding (exclusive of Notes
then owned by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of its Affiliates).

B-77

"Responsible Officer" means any Senior Financial Officer and any other
officer of the Company with responsibility for the administration of the
relevant portion of this agreement.

 "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time
to time.

 "Senior Financial Officer" means the chief financial officer, principal
accounting officer, treasurer or comptroller of the Company.

 "Senior Funded Debt" means (a) any Funded Debt of the Company (other
than Subordinated Debt) and (b) any Funded Debt of any Subsidiary.

 "Subordinated Debt" means any Debt that is in any manner subordinated
in right of payment or security in any respect to Debt evidenced by the Notes.

 "Subsidiary" means, as to any Person, any corporation, association or
other business entity in which such Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries or
such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries owns sufficient equity or voting
interests to enable it or them (as a group) ordinarily, in the absence of
contingencies, to elect a majority of the directors (or Persons performing
similar functions) of such entity, and any partnership or joint venture if more
than a 50 interest in the profits or capital thereof is owned by such Person or
one or more of its Subsidiaries or such Person and one or more of its
Subsidiaries (unless such partnership can and does ordinarily take major
business actions without the prior approval of such Person or one or more of its
Subsidiaries). Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, any reference to a
"Subsidiary" is a reference to a Subsidiary of the Company.

 "Subsidiary Stock" means, with respect to any Person, the stock (or any
options or warrants to purchase stock or other Securities exchangeable for or
convertible into stock) of any Subsidiary of such Person.

 "Successor Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.4.

 "Swaps" means, with respect to any Person, payment obligations with
respect to interest rate swaps, currency swaps and similar obligations
obligating such Person to make payments, whether periodically or upon the
happening of a contingency. For the purposes of this Agreement, the amount of
the obligation under any Swap shall be the amount determined in respect thereof
as of the end of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter of such Person,
based on the assumption that such Swap had terminated at the end of such fiscal
quarter, and in making such determination, if any agreement relating to such
Swap provides for the netting of amounts payable by and to such Person
thereunder or if any such agreement provides for the simultaneous

B-78

payment of amounts by and to such Person, then in each such case, the amount of
such obligation shall be the net amount so determined.

 "Transfer" means, with respect to any Person, any transaction in which
such Person sells, conveys, transfers or leases (as lessor) any of its property,
including, without limitation, Subsidiary Stock. For purposes of determining the
application of the Net Proceeds Amount in respect of any Transfer, the Company
may designate any Transfer as one or more separate Transfers each yielding a
separate Net Proceeds Amount. In any such case, the Disposition Value of any
property subject to each such separate Transfer shall be determined by ratably
allocating the aggregate Disposition Value of all property subject to all such
separate Transfers to each such separate Transfer on a proportionate basis.

 "Voting Stock" shall mean Securities of any class or classes, the
holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to
elect a majority of the corporate directors (or Persons performing similar
functions).

 "Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Company all of
the equity interests (except directors' qualifying shares) and voting interests
and Debt of which are owned by any one or more of the Company and the Company's
other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries at such time.

B-79

SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, ETC.

I.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
 JURISDICTION
 OF HELD
 NAME OF SUBSIDIARY INCORPORATION BY COMPANY
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
3096726 Canada Inc. Canada (federal) 100
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rayonese Textile, Inc. Canada (federal) 100(1)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Culp International, Inc. Virgin Islands 100
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------

II. AFFILIATES OTHER THAN SUBSIDIARIES:

 Robert G. Culp, III

 Robert G. Culp, Jr. Family Trust

 Wingel & Company (as trustee of the Robert G. Culp, III Family Trust)

 Other members of the Culp Family (as defined in the Agreement)

- ----------
(1) Held by 3096726 Canada, Inc.

SCHEDULE 5.4
 (to Note Purchase Agreement)

III. COMPANY'S DIRECTORS AND SENIOR OFFICERS:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Robert G. Culp, III: Director (Chairman) and Chief Executive Officer
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Howard L. Dunn, Jr.: Director, President and Chief Operating Officer
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Franklin N. Saxon: Director, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
 Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Kenneth M. Ludwig: Senior Vice President (Human Resources)
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Harry R. Culp: Director
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Earl N. Honeycutt Director
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Patrick H. Norton: Director
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Earl N. Phillips, Jr.: Director
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Bland W. Worley: Director
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Baxter P. Freeze: Director
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

IV. AGREEMENTS RESTRICTING PAYMENT BY

 Subsidiaries of Dividends or Distribution of Profits to the Company:

 None.

 -81-

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 DELIVERED TO PURCHASERS
 (PER THE OFFERING MEMORANDUM)

Unaudited balance sheets as of November 2, 1997, October 27, 1996 and April 27,
1997.

Unaudited statements of income for the three and six months ended November 2,
1997 and October 27, 1996.

Unaudited Statements of cash flows for the six months ended November 2, 1997 and
October 27, 1996.

Unaudited statements of shareholders equity as of November 2, 1997.

Audited consolidated balance sheets as of April 27, 1997, April 28, 1996, April
30, 1995, May 1, 1994, May 2, 1993 and May 3, 1992.

Audited consolidated statements of income for the years ended April 27, 1997,
April 28, 1996, April 30, 1995, May 1, 1994, May 2, 1993, May 3, 1992 and April
28, 1991.

Audited consolidated statements of shareholders equity for the years ended April
27, 1997, April 28, 1996, April 30, 1995, May 1, 1994, May 2, 1993, May 3, 1992
and April 28, 1991.

Audited consolidated statement of cash flows for the years ended April 27, 1997,
April 28, 1996, April 30, 1995, May 1, 1994, May 2, 1993, May 3, 1992 and April
28, 1991.

SCHEDULE 5.5
 (to Note Purchase Agreement)

USES OF PROCEEDS

To repay certain existing indebtedness of the Company and for other general
corporate purposes.

SCHEDULE 5.14
 (to Note Purchase Agreement)

INDEBTEDNESS

(OUTSTANDING AMOUNTS INDICATED ARE AS OF MARCH 8, 1998
 ALL ITEMS UNSECURED EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE INDICATED BY ASTERISK.)

I. IRB'S

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Luzerne County, PA 3,500,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alamance County, NC (1986) 100,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chesterfield County, SC (1988) 2,252,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chesterfield County, SC (1996) 6,000,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Anderson County, SC 6,580,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guilford County, NC 3,825,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Robeson County, NC 8,500,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alamance County, NC (1993) 2,755,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Canadian Government Loan 936,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

II. BANK DEBT

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Syndicated Credit Facility 109,524,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 6 Million Revolving Credit Line Wachovia Bank, NA 1,394,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 15 Million Revolving Credit Line Wachovia/First Unio 6,500,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

III. SELLER FINANCING

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Seller Note Payable (Dave Phillips 5,100,000
Non-Compete)
Seller Note Payable (Artee
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Industries, Inc. Purchase) 1,600,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

SCHEDULE 5.15
 (to Note Purchase Agreement)

IV. LETTERS OF CREDIT

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ORIGINATION DATE MATURITY DATE
 BENEFICIARY SERIAL # AMOUNT
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Wachovia
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Fire Insurance Co. 49635 07/14/94 05/01/98 400,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First Citizens Bank & Trust as Trustee
for IRBs:
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chesterfield County, SC (1996) 68485 04/01/96 03/01/01 6,300,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alamance County, NC (1993) 68486 04/01/96 03/01/01 2,890,863
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Anderson County, SC 68487 04/01/96 03/01/01 6,904,493
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chesterfield County, SC (1988) 68488 04/01/96 03/01/01 2,363.057
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guilford County, NC 68489 04/01/96 03/01/01 3,978,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Luzerne County, PA 80881 12/04/96 03/01/01 3,675,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Robeson County, NC 87474 07/17/97 03/01/01 8,925,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Textilmaschinen Fabrik Agent Batson Yarns 93930 12/16/97 05/31/98 311,819
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guilford County, North Carolina 74539 09/11/96 09/06/98 13,500
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First Union
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
S.C. Workers' Compensation Commission S028117 11/01/90 11/01/98 400,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-85-

V. HEDGE CONTRACTS

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 INTEREST RATE SWAPS
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BANK REFERENCE # MATURITY DATE AMOUNT
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
First Union National Bank 8394/8861 04/19/00 15,000,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First Union National Bank 9606/1028 06/03/02 5,000,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First Union National Bank 11036/12132 07/01/02 5,000,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

VI. FOREIGN CURRENCY FORWARD CONTRACTS

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 REFERENCE # MATURITY DATE
 BANK AMOUNT CURRENCY
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Wachovia Bank, NA 78150 03/31/98 1,500,000 CND
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wachovia Bank, NA 78151 04/30/98 1,500,000 CND
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

VII. FOREIGN CURRENCY OPTION CONTRACTS

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 REFERENCE # MATURITY DATE
 BANK AMOUNT CURRENCY
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
First Union National Bank 13758-9 3/12/98 10,074,000 BEF
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First Union National Bank 15240-1 5/27/98 8,562,900 BEF
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First Union National Bank 15240-1 6/15/98 8,562,900 BEF
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-86-

[FORM OF SERIES A NOTE]

CULP, INC.

6.76 SERIES A SENIOR NOTE DUE March 15, 2008

No. A-_____ [Date]
 ____________ PPN 230215 A 6

 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, CULP, INC. (herein called the
"Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
North Carolina, hereby promises to pay to [________________], or registered
assigns, the principal sum of [________________] DOLLARS on March 15, 2008, with
interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months) (a)
on the unpaid balance thereof at the rate of 6.76 per annum from the date
hereof, payable semiannually, on the 15th day of March and September in each
year, commencing with the March or September next succeeding the date hereof,
until the principal hereof shall have become due and payable, and (b) to the
extent permitted by law on any overdue payment (including any overdue
prepayment) of principal, any overdue payment of interest and any overdue
payment of any Make-Whole Amount (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreements
referred to below), payable semiannually as aforesaid (or, at the option of the
registered holder hereof, on demand), at a rate per annum from time to time
equal to the greater of (i) 8.76 or (ii) 2 over the rate of interest publicly
announced by Citibank, N.A. from time to time in New York, New York, as its
"base" or "prime" rate.

 Payments of principal of, interest on and any Make-Whole Amount with
respect to this Note are to be made in lawful money of the United States of
America at the principal place of Citibank, N.A., in the Borough of Manhattan,
City and State of New York.

 This Note is one of the Notes of two Series of Senior Notes (herein
called the "Notes") issued pursuant to separate Note Purchase Agreements, dated
as of March 4, 1998 (as from time to time amended, the "Note Purchase
Agreements"), between the Company and the respective Purchasers named therein
and is entitled to the benefits thereof. Each holder of this Note will be
deemed, by its acceptance hereof, (i) to have agreed to the confidentiality
provisions set forth in Section 20 of the Note Purchase Agreements and (ii) to
have made the representation set forth in Section 6.2 of the Note Purchase
Agreements.

 This Note is a registered Note and, as provided in the Note Purchase
Agreements, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer, duly
endorsed, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed, by
the registered holder hereof or such holder's attorney duly authorized in
writing, a new Note for a like principal amount will be issued to, and

EXHIBIT 1A
 (to Note Purchase Agreement)

registered in the name of, the transferee. Prior to due presentment for
registration of transfer, the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is registered as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment and
for all other purposes, and the Company will not be affected by any notice to
the contrary.

 This Note is subject to optional prepayment, in whole or from time to
time in part, at the times and on the terms specified in the Note Purchase
Agreements, but not otherwise.

 If an Event of Default, as defined in the Note Purchase Agreements,
occurs and is continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared or
otherwise become due and payable in the manner, at the price (including any
applicable Make-Whole Amount) and with the effect provided in the Note Purchase
Agreements.

 This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the
rights of the parties shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York
excluding choice-of-law principles of the law of such State that would require
the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such State.

 CULP, INC.

By
 Name:
 Title:

E-1A-88

[FORM OF SERIES B NOTE]

CULP, INC.

6.76 SERIES B SENIOR NOTE DUE March 15, 2010

No. B-_____ [Date]
 ____________ PPN 230215 A@4

 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, CULP, INC. (herein called the
"Company"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
North Carolina, hereby promises to pay to [________________], or registered
assigns, the principal sum of [________________] DOLLARS on March 15, 2010, with
interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months) (a)
on the unpaid balance thereof at the rate of 6.76 per annum from the date
hereof, payable semiannually, on the 15th day of March and September in each
year, commencing with the March or September next succeeding the date hereof,
until the principal hereof shall have become due and payable, and (b) to the
extent permitted by law on any overdue payment (including any overdue
prepayment) of principal, any overdue payment of interest and any overdue
payment of any Make-Whole Amount (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreements
referred to below), payable semiannually as aforesaid (or, at the option of the
registered holder hereof, on demand), at a rate per annum from time to time
equal to the greater of (i) 8.76 or (ii) 2 over the rate of interest publicly
announced by Citibank, N.A. from time to time in New York, New York, as its
"base" or "prime" rate.

 Payments of principal of, interest on and any Make-Whole Amount with
respect to this Note are to be made in lawful money of the United States of
America at the principal place of business of Citibank, N.A. in the Borough of
Manhattan, City and State of New York.

 This Note is one of the Notes of two Series of Senior Notes (herein
called the "Notes") issued pursuant to separate Note Purchase Agreements, dated
as of March 4, 1998 (as from time to time amended, the "Note Purchase
Agreements"), between the Company and the respective Purchasers named therein
and is entitled to the benefits thereof. Each holder of this Note will be
deemed, by its acceptance hereof, (i) to have agreed to the confidentiality
provisions set forth in Section 20 of the Note Purchase Agreements and (ii) to
have made the representation set forth in Section 6.2 of the Note Purchase
Agreements.

 This Note is a registered Note and, as provided in the Note Purchase
Agreements, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer, duly
endorsed, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed, by
the registered holder hereof or such holder's attorney

EXHIBIT 1B
 (to Note Purchase Agreement)

duly authorized in writing, a new Note for a like principal amount will be
issued to, and registered in the name of, the transferee. Prior to due
presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the person in
whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for the purpose of
receiving payment and for all other purposes, and the Company will not be
affected by any notice to the contrary.

 The Company will make required prepayments of principal on the dates
and in the amounts specified in the Note Purchase Agreements. This Note is also
subject to optional prepayment, in whole or from time to time in part, at the
times and on the terms specified in the Note Purchase Agreements, but not
otherwise.

 If an Event of Default, as defined in the Note Purchase Agreements,
occurs and is continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared or
otherwise become due and payable in the manner, at the price (including any
applicable Make-Whole Amount) and with the effect provided in the Note Purchase
Agreements.

 This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the
rights of the parties shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York
excluding choice-of-law principles of the law of such State that would require
the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such State.

 CULP, INC.

By
 Name:
 Title:

E-1B-90

FORM OF OPINION OF SPECIAL COUNSEL
 FOR THE COMPANY AND SPECIAL CANADIAN
 COUNSEL FOR THE COMPANY

 The closing opinions of Robinson, Bradshaw & Hinson, P.A., special
counsel for the Company, and Ogilvy Renault, special Canadian Counsel for the
Company which are called for by Section 4.4(a) of the Note Purchase Agreements,
shall be dated the date of Closing and addressed to the Purchasers, shall be
satisfactory in scope and form to the Purchasers and shall be to the effect
that:

 1. The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly
 existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of North
 Carolina, has the corporate power and the corporate authority to
 execute and perform the Note Purchase Agreements and to issue the Notes
 and has the full corporate power and the corporate authority to conduct
 the activities in which it is now engaged and is duly licensed or
 qualified and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each
 jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased
 by it or the nature of the business transacted by it makes such
 licensing or qualification necessary.

 2. Each Subsidiary is a corporation duly incorporated,
 validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its
 jurisdiction of incorporation and is duly licensed or qualified and is
 in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the
 properties owned or leased by it or the nature of the business
 transacted by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary and
 all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each such
 Subsidiary have been duly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and
 are owned by the Company, by one or more Subsidiaries, or by the
 Company and one or more Subsidiaries.

 3. Each Note Purchase Agreement has been duly authorized by
 all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, has been
 duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes the legal,
 valid and binding contract of the Company enforceable in accordance
 with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
 moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and similar laws affecting creditors'
 rights generally, and general principles of equity (regardless of
 whether the application of such principles is considered in a
 proceeding in equity or at law).

 4. The Notes have been duly authorized by all necessary
 corporate action on the part of the Company, have been duly executed
 and delivered by the Company and constitute the legal, valid and
 binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their
 terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,

EXHIBIT 4.4(a)
 (to Note Purchase Agreement)

moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and similar laws affecting creditors'
 rights generally, and general principles of equity (regardless of
 whether the application of such principles is considered in a
 proceeding in equity or at law).

 5. No approval, consent or withholding of objection on the
 part of, or filing, registration or qualification with, any
 governmental body, Federal or state, is necessary in connection with
 the execution and delivery by the Company of the Note Purchase
 Agreements or the Notes.

 6. The issuance and sale of the Notes and the execution,
 delivery and performance by the Company of the Note Purchase Agreements
 do not conflict with or result in any breach of any of the provisions
 of or constitute a default under or result in the creation or
 imposition of any Lien upon any of the property of the Company pursuant
 to the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation or By-laws of the
 Company or any agreement or other instrument known to such counsel
 after due inquiry to which the Company is a party or by which the
 Company may be bound.

 7. The issuance, sale and delivery of the Notes under the
 circumstances contemplated by the Note Purchase Agreements do not,
 under existing law, require the registration of the Notes under the
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the qualification of an
 indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.

 8. The issuance of the Notes and the use of the proceeds of
 the sale of the Notes in accordance with the provisions of and as
 contemplated by the Note Purchase Agreements do not violate the
 provisions of Regulations G, T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the
 Federal Reserve System.

 9. There is no litigation pending or, to the best knowledge
 of such counsel, threatened against or affecting the Company or any
 Subsidiary, which in such counsel's opinion could reasonably be
 expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

 The opinions of Robinson, Bradshaw & Hinson, P.A. and Ogilvy Renault
shall cover such other matters relating to the sale of the Notes as the
Purchasers may reasonably request. With respect to matters of fact on which such
opinions are based, such counsel shall be entitled to rely on appropriate
certificates of public officials and officers of the Company and its
Subsidiaries.

E-4.4(a)-92

FORM OF OPINION OF SPECIAL COUNSEL
 FOR THE PURCHASERS

 The closing opinion of Chapman and Cutler, special counsel for the
Purchasers, called for by Section 4.4(b) of the Note Purchase Agreements, shall
be dated the date of the Closing and addressed to the Purchasers, shall be
satisfactory in form and substance to the Purchasers and shall be to the effect
that:

 1. The Company is a corporation, validly existing and in
 good standing under the laws of the State of North Carolina and has the
 corporate power and the corporate authority to execute and deliver the
 Note Purchase Agreements and to issue the Notes.

 2. Each Note Purchase Agreement has been duly authorized by
 all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, has been
 duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes the legal,
 valid and binding contract of the Company enforceable in accordance
 with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
 conveyance and similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally, and
 general principles of equity (regardless of whether the application of
 such principles is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

 3. The Notes have been duly authorized by all necessary
 corporate action on the part of the Company, have been duly executed
 and delivered by the Company and constitute the legal, valid and
 binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their
 terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance and
 similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally, and general
 principles of equity (regardless of whether the application of such
 principles is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

 4. The issuance, sale and delivery of the Notes under the
 circumstances contemplated by the Note Purchase Agreements do not,
 under existing law, require the registration of the Notes under the
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the qualification of an
 indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.

 The opinion of Chapman and Cutler shall also state that the opinion of
Robinson, Bradshaw & Hinson, P.A., special counsel for the Company, is
satisfactory in scope and form to Chapman and Cutler and that, in their opinion,
the Purchasers are justified in relying thereon.

 In rendering the opinion set forth in paragraph 1 above, Chapman and
Cutler may rely, as to matters referred to in paragraph 1, solely upon an
examination of the Articles of Incorporation certified by, and a certificate of
good standing of the Company from, the Secretary of State of the

EXHIBIT 4.4(b)
 (to Note Purchase Agreement)

State of North Carolina, the By-laws of the Company and the General Business
Corporation Act of the State of North Carolina. The opinion of Chapman and
Cutler is limited to the laws of the State of New York, the General Business
Corporation Act of the State of North Carolina and the Federal laws of the
United States.

 With respect to matters of fact upon which such opinion is based,
Chapman and Cutler may rely on appropriate certificates of public officials and
officers of the Company and upon representations of the Company and the
Purchasers delivered in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes.

E-4.4(b)-94

</EX-10>

<EX-13>
 3
 EXHIBIT 13(A)

focus
on style

1998
Annual
Report

(CULP LOGO APPEARS HERE)

THE CULP TEAM OF MORE THAN 4,300 ASSOCIATES MARKETS OVER 3,000 PATTERNS OF
UPHOLSTERY FABRICS FOR FURNITURE AND OVER 1,000 STYLES OF MATTRESS TICKING TO AN
INTERNATIONAL ARRAY OF CUSTOMERS. WE ARE A FULLY INTEGRATED MARKETER WITH
MANUFACTURING PLANTS IN NORTH AND SOUTH CAROLINA, ALABAMA, TENNESSEE,
PENNSYLVANIA AND CANADA.

(Photo appears here)

 DESIGN MEANS BUSINESS AT CULP

Culp
 FABRICS

Culp indeed is focused on design. The new Howard L. Dunn, Jr. design center is
the latest tangible expression of how important the creation of new patterns,
textures and styles is to our business. This report provides a timely
opportunity to take you on a tour of this revolutionary new complex. The
opportunity to unite virtually all of our design resources excited us, and that
vision is now reality. Come with us as we share our report on another record
year for Culp and the actions we are taking to enhance our position as the
world's largest marketer of upholstery fabrics for furniture and a leading
supplier of mattress ticking.

2

highlights

Culp invested 95 million for acquisitions and capital expenditures to support
the company's ongoing long-term growth initiative.

Net sales for 1998 reached a new high of 476.7 million. Net income also set a
new annual record for the ninth consecutive year of 15.5 million, or 1.19 per
share diluted.

International sales for 1998 rose 35 and accounted for 137.2 million, or 29 ,
of net sales. 

Opening of the new Howard L. Dunn, Jr. design center provided a
single location for most of the company's design resources.

Completion of a private placement of 75 million senior unsecured notes in April
1998 increased flexibility for funding future capital needs.

(Photo of fabrics)

3

five-year
(Amounts in thousands, percent growth
except per share data) 1998 1997 change rate
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STATEMENTS OF INCOME
 
 Net sales 476,715 398,879 19.5 18.9 
 Gross profit 83,561 72,485 15.3 21.0
 Income from operations 30,574 27,427 11.5 30.8
 Net income 15,513 13,770 12.7 28.1
 Average shares outstanding (diluted) 13,042 11,929 9.3 3.3
PER SHARE
 Net income (diluted) 1.19 1.15 3.5 23.8 
 Cash dividends 0.14 0.13 7.7 16.9
 Book value 10.11 8.79 15.0 15.1
BALANCE SHEET
 Working capital 102,730 69,777 47.2 24.1 
 Total assets 354,815 243,952 45.4 27.2
 Funded debt 151,616 65,623 131.0 41.7
 Shareholders' equity 131,519 110,789 18.7 19.3
RATIOS
 Gross profit margin 17.5 18.2 
 Operating income margin 6.4 6.9 
 Net income margin 3.3 3.5 
 Return on average equity 13.0 15.2 
 Funded debt to capital 53.5 37.2 

(Throughout this annual report, 1998, 1997, 1996, 1995 and 1994 are used to
refer, respectively, to the company's fiscal years that ended in those same
calendar periods.)

NET SALES MILLIONS)

(A bar graph appears here with the following plot points.) 

94 95 96 97 98
 245.0 308.0 351.7 398.9 476.7

NET INCOME MILLIONS)

(A bar graph appears here with the following plot points.)

94 95 96 97 98
 7.7 9.8 11.0 13.8 15.5

NET INCOME
PER SHARE
(DILUTED)

(A bar graph appears here with the following plot points.)

94 95 96 97 98
 0.68 0.86 0.94 1.15 1.19

CASH DIVIDENDS
PER SHARE

(A bar graph appears here with the following plot points.) 

 94 95 96 97 98
 0.08 0.10 0.11 0.13 0.14

4

TO
 OUR
 FELLOW
 SHAREHOLDERS

l
e
t
t
e
r

"Build it, and they will come," is the memorable line from the movie Field of
Dreams. We aren't expecting "Shoeless" Joe Jackson to appear out of the mists at
Culp, but we are excited about our longer term opportunities as a result of the
considerable capital investments we made during 1998. Our plans for building an
integrated marketing organization began taking shape years ago; and several
developments during 1998 marked notable steps toward that goal that will provide
significant benefits to our customers, associates and, most importantly, our
shareholders. 1999: GROWTH CHALLENGE Our message in this letter is not intended
to repeat the discussion starting on page 13 about the significant operational
and financial trends during 1998. As the highlights on the previous page
portray, net sales, net income and net income per share each set new records for
the year. Nine consecutive years of higher earnings represent an achievement of
which we are proud, and we encourage you to read the comments that relate more
of the specific factors that contributed to our ability to stretch that record
one more year.

 As the caveats read in investment literature, past performance is no
guarantee of future returns. In fact, as we start 1999, we see significant
challenges to a positive showing again this year. Costs associated with some of
our expansion projects are still putting pressure on margins. More importantly,
we are experiencing a pronounced decline in demand for wet-printed flock fabrics
that have been an important focus of our capital expenditures. We are
implementing significant operational changes to deal with these circumstances
and expect improvement as the year progresses. The bottom-line

(Photo of fabrics)

5
year in review
- -------------------

picture at this time, however, is for difficult year-to-year comparisons through
at least the first and second quarters. Although this will likely present a
near-term interruption in Culp's growth, we believe this will prove temporary
and remain optimistic about reaching our fundamental goal of long-term growth in
net income per share. ACQUISITIONS ENHANCE OVERALL GROWTH Purchases of existing
operations and other physical assets have been an integral component of Culp's
growth for more than a decade. We anticipate other acquisition opportunities, in
large part because of the consolidation that remains prevalent in the home
furnishings industry. The share of the market controlled by the top 10
manufacturers is up more than 50 over the past ten years. The 25 largest
retailers now claim approximately one of every four dollars spent by consumers
on home furnishings. Industry players are getting larger, in part to afford the
investment in information systems and other capital projects needed to keep pace
with the demands of consumers. During 1998 we invested a total of 59 million to
acquire three operations. In August 1997, we purchased Phillips Mills. This
well-established upholstery fabric business expanded our capability in woven
jacquards, prints and velvets and helped broaden Culp's customer base. The other
two transactions during the year were chosen not to gain immediate incremental
market share but to move us forward in our ongoing drive to become more
vertically integrated. The operations of Artee Industries and Wetumpka yarn
strategically gave us control over filling yarn, one of the most important raw
materials in our business. These are the yarns that determine the texture of our
fabrics; that bring life to the patterns we have designed and that help
customers differentiate their products before the discerning eyes of consumers.
Although we had been extruding some polypropylene yarns internally, we had
reached a point where manufacturing our own specialty yarns had become
essential. We have already begun to see a return from this move, and we are
confident the future holds an even greater promise. HEAVY LIFTING CHARACTERIZES
CAPITAL SPENDING Those who have been Culp shareholders for several years are
well aware of the meaningful dollar investment we have made to support our goal
of offering customers value. This continued in 1998 with record capital spending
of 36 million. Interestingly, the total amount was almost evenly split among
expansion, vertical integration and modernization. This capped a five-year
period in which we have invested 112 million. We believe spending of that
magnitude easily qualifies as heavy lifting. In weight lifting the challenge is
not just to lift the bar, but to accomplish the task with balance and
efficiency. Our record for 1998 shows progress in completing these projects, but
our task now is to increase the productivity from these various initiatives. A
few specifics will illustrate the broad scope of the projects, apart from the
design center, we undertook. A major expansion of our capacity for wet-printed
fabrics at a new facility in Lumberton, North Carolina is now operational with
two production lines. All of the jacquard and dobby looms at our Pageland, South
Carolina facility were moved to allow for an improved product flow.
State-of-the-art equipment at a North Carolina plant is producing unfinished
flock fabric. A modern weaving facility in Tennessee houses our
Rossville/Chromatex line, and three of five planned additional yarn extrusion
lines are operational.

 (GRAPHIC OF A STRAND OF YARN APPEARS HERE)

6

Heavy lifting indeed! Although we recognize the importance of an ongoing capital
investment program, our planned spending for 1999 is less than half of the prior
year. Our focus clearly must be the maturation of the projects recently
completed. We are fortunate that Culp's profitability has enabled us to support
these investments while maintaining a solid financial position. Our funded
debt/capital ratio totaled 54 at the close of 1998 with borrowings of 30
million against our 100 million line of credit. During the fourth quarter, we
enhanced our financial flexibility further by closing a private placement of 75
million in senior unsecured notes with a fixed rate of 6.76 for 10 years.
DESIGN FOCUS AIDS MARKETING Design is an essential factor in the complex
equation our customers use to gauge the value provided by Culp's fabrics. In
essence, a customer's furniture is a presentation of our fabrics. That
all-important first impression in a retail showroom or when a delivery is made
to a home or office is directly influenced by our fabrics. Our practice
increasingly is to bring customers into the design process. This helps build a
working partnership, enabling us to share our analysis of trends and styling
changes and benefit, in turn, from the customer's own market research and often
close communication with retailers.

 The completion of the Howard L. Dunn, Jr. design center epitomizes the key
role of design in our business. Although the structure itself conveys a clear
sense of innovation, the heart of this resource center is the personnel within.
We were fortunate during 1998 to add a number of talented designers with solid
reputations for a willingness to test new concepts. We are encouraging them to
push our entire organization, convinced that stretching ourselves will yield the
progressive designs that spell success for customers--and for Culp!

(Photo of fabric samples)

7

One should understand that while the physical center serves as the starting
point for our designs, this effort involves the entire capabilities of Culp. We
are working hard to ensure that each business unit develops the internal
collaboration with design, manufacturing and sales for a successful marketing
program. CAD technology is assisting us greatly in this area by allowing
designers much broader flexibility to experiment with new patterns and textures.
The architectural planning for the new center was specifically designed to
accommodate computerized systems in a setting that invites customers to
participate actively in the conception of new designs.

MANAGEMENT RESTRUCTURING With net sales nearing a half-billion dollars in 1999,
we have the proven resources to realize continued long-term growth. To
capitalize fully on our opportunities, we have recently implemented changes in
Culp's management structure that reflect the substantial expansion that has
occurred in our operational breadth. By uniting related operations, we have
formed four business units that replace six separate groups. Our goal is to
raise overall efficiency, improve internal communications and develop more
comprehensive marketing programs that correlate our diverse fabric offerings
into unified collections for customers. We are confident the new structure will
enhance Culp's competitiveness and help build stronger working partnerships with
customers.

 We have not constructed a ballpark out of a cornfield, but we have built an
organization of which we are very proud. The concentrated energies of our
associates are behind Culp's global leadership, and our purpose is to ensure
that they continue to have the resources and support to develop their
capabilities to the fullest.

Sincerely,

 /s/ Robert G. Culp
 Robert G. (Rob) Culp, III
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Howard L. Dunn, Jr.
 Howard L. Dunn, Jr.
 President and Chief Operating Officer

(Photo of color samples)

8

(Photo of fabric samples)

FOCUS ON DESIGN INTEGRATION

9

THE NEW HOWARD L. DUNN, JR. DESIGN CENTER

(Photo appears here with the following caption.)
Howard L. Dunn, Jr. Design Center's Design Court

We welcome you to the Howard L. Dunn, Jr. design center. At the entrance
gallery, you will find an array of fabrics spanning jacquards, dobbies, wet
print flocks, heat-transfer prints, woven and tufted velvets and pigment prints.
Here in one location, a furniture or bedding manufacturer will find
comprehensive solutions to meeting the challenge of serving today's
discriminating consumer. By consolidating most of our design resources in a
single location, we offer an unmatched selection of fabrics, backed by a highly
efficient, vertically integrated manufacturing organization.

CONSOLIDATES DESIGN RESOURCES

The genesis for a new design or texture can come from a myriad of sources. Our
goal in Culp's new design center is to stimulate that process, and we
figuratively have set creativity as the cornerstone for this exciting new
facility. The latest in computer-based systems allow Culp's designers to
translate a broad range of original artwork into new patterns and styles.
Conventional practice requires considerable time to take these designs and
produce actual samples. Culp's advanced systems utilizing sophisticated color
printers give our designers and customers realistic visual renditions virtually
on-demand. The advantages are obvious. Specialized ideas can easily be explored.
Customers can be encouraged to participate actively in the entire design
process, not just presented a limited selection of prepared samples. Design
becomes a true working partner to enhance one's marketing programs. COORDINATION
One especially exciting aspect of our design center is the coordination it is
fostering among our various business units. Culp's broad range of manufacturing
processes and finishing techniques offer the potential to develop an integrated
line of fabrics that match the increased market emphasis on complete room
furnishings. The boucle dobby fabric for the casual, relaxed feel of a sectional
sofa can be combined with a jacquard or printed fabric for accompanying separate
chairs. We are increasingly using this process to provide one-stop shopping for
customers. Make it easy to do business with Culp, and we will get more of that
business.

(Three photos appears on this page--two of fabric samples and one of a computer 
with a fabric design on the background)

TO STRENGTHEN OUR DESIGN LEADERSHIP

10

(Photos of beds, chairs, couches and fabric samples appear on the back of 
a pull-out page.)

11

CORPORATE DIRECTORY
 m
 a
 n
 a
 g
 e
 m
 e
 n
 t

Robert G. Culp, III
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer;
Director (E,N)

Howard L. Dunn, Jr.
President and Chief Operating Officer; Director (E)

Franklin N. Saxon
Senior Vice President and President of the Culp Velvets/Prints division;
Director (E)

Dan E. Jacobs
Senior Vice President and President of the Culp Decorative Fabrics division

Kenneth M. Ludwig
Senior Vice President-Human Resources; Assistant Secretary

Philip W. Wilson
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Kathy J. Hardy
Corporate Secretary

Harry R. Culp
Director; Private Investments, High Point, NC

Robert T. Davis
Director, former chairman of Artee Industries, Incorporated

Earl M. Honeycutt
Director (A,C); Retired President, Amoco Fabrics and Fibers Company,
Atlanta, GA

Patrick H. Norton
Director (N); Chairman of the Board;
La-Z-Boy, Inc., Monroe, MI

Earl N. Phillips, Jr.
Director; Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer,
GE Capital First Factors, High Point, NC

Bland W. Worley
Director (A,C,N); Retired Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer, BarclaysAmericanCorporation, Charlotte, NC

Baxter P. Freeze, Sr.
Director Emeritus; Retired President, Chairman of the Board,
Commonwealth Hosiery Mills, Inc., Randleman, NC

BOARD COMMITTEES:
 A-AUDIT
 C-COMPENSATION
 E-EXECUTIVE
 N-NOMINATING

12

SHAREHOLDERS'
EQUITY MILLIONS)

(A bar graph appears here with the following plot points.) 

94 95 96 97 98
 62.6 71.4 81.4 110.8 131.5

RETURN ON
AVERAGE EQUITY

(A bar graph appears here with the following plot points.) 

94 95 96 97 98
 13.1 14.6 14.4 15.2 13.0 

INTERNATIONAL
SALES MILLIONS)

(A bar graph appears here with the following plot points.) 

94 95 96 97 98
 44.0 58.0 77.4 101.6 137.2

CAPITAL
EXPENDITURES MILLIONS)

(A bar graph appears here with the following plot points.) 

94 95 96 97 98
 16.8 18.1 14.4 27.0 35.9

financial index

Management's Discussion 13
 Balance Sheets 16
 Statements of Income 17
 Shareholders' Equity 18
 Cash Flows 19
 Notes 20
 Selected Quarterly Data 26
 Selected Annual Data 27
 Auditors' Report 28

13

Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of
operations

The following analysis of the financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and Notes and other
exhibits included elsewhere in this report.

OVERVIEW

 Culp believes that it is the largest manufacturer and marketer in the world
for upholstery fabrics for furniture and is one of the leading global producers
of mattress fabrics (or ticking). The company's fabrics are used primarily in
the production of residential and commercial upholstered furniture and bedding
products, including sofas, recliners, chairs, love seats, sectionals, sofa-beds,
office seating and mattress sets. Although Culp markets fabrics at most price
levels, the company emphasizes fabrics that have broad appeal in the promotional
and popular-priced categories of furniture and bedding.
 Culp's worldwide leadership as a manufacturer and marketer of upholstery
fabrics and mattress ticking has been achieved through internal expansion and
the integration of strategic acquisitions. Acquisitions and internal expansion
over the past five years have included the following transactions: 

[] In February 1998, Culp acquired the business and substantially all the assets
relating to the yarn manufacturing business operating as Artee Industries,
Incorporated. The transaction was valued at closing at 17.9 million with
additional compensation of up to 7.6 million contingent upon the profitability
of Artee Industries during Culp's fiscal year ending May 2, 1999. The Artee
transaction substantially expanded the company's capacity for manufacturing
specialty filling yarn. Culp initially acquired the capability to manufacture
filling yarn in December 1997 through the acquisition of the business and
certain assets relating to the Wetumpka spun yarn operation of Dan River, Inc.

[] In August 1997, Culp acquired the business and certain assets relating to the
upholstery fabric businesses operating as Phillips Weaving Mills, Phillips
Velvet Mills, Phillips Printing and Phillips Mills in a transaction valued at
approximately 39.5 million.

[] In January 1997, the company acquired a 107,000 square-foot facility in
Lumberton, North Carolina and installed manufacturing equipment necessary to
produce wet-printed flock upholstery fabrics. This new facility, which began
operating in July 1997, involved capital expenditures of 9 million.

[] In March 1995, the company acquired Rayonese Textile Inc. ("Rayonese") in a
transaction valued at 10.5 million. The acquisition of Rayonese substantially
increased the company's capacity to manufacture jacquard greige, or unfinished,
goods used by the company in the production of printed fabrics.

[] In November 1993, the company purchased the assets that now comprise
Rossville/Chromatex in a transaction valued at 39.3 million. This acquisition
significantly added to the company's capacity to produce jacquard and dobby
upholstery fabrics marketed principally for residential furniture.

 The company is organized into business units. Culp Textures and
Rossville/Chromatex manufacture jacquard and dobby woven fabrics for residential
and commercial furniture. Phillips Mills manufactures jacquard woven fabrics
primarily for residential furniture. Velvets/Prints manufactures a broad range
of printed and velvet fabrics used primarily for residential and juvenile
furniture. Culp Home Fashions principally manufactures mattress ticking. Artee
Industries manufactures specialty filling yarn that is used by Culp and also
marketed to outside customers.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 The following table sets forth certain items in the company's consolidated
statements of income as a percentage of net sales.

 1998 1997 1996
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 Cost of sales 82.5 81.8 82.2
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Gross profit 17.5 18.2 17.8
 Selling, general and administrative
 expenses 11.1 11.3 11.1
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income from operations 6.4 6.9 6.7
 Interest expense 1.5 1.2 1.5
 Interest income (0.1) (0.1) 0.0
 Other expense 0.4 0.4 0.3
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income before income taxes 4.6 5.4 4.9
 Income taxes ) 29.0 36.0 36.5

 Net Income 3.3 3.5 3.1 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Calculated as a percent of income before income taxes.

 The following table sets forth the company's sales by business unit and major
product category for each of the company's three most recent years. The table
also sets forth the change in net sales for the business units and major product
categories as a percentage for comparative periods included in the table.

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) AMOUNTS PERCENT CHANGE
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 1997- 1996-
BUSINESS UNIT/PRODUCT CATEGORY 1998 1997 1996 1998 1997
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 UPHOLSTERY FABRICS:
 
 Culp Textures 92,727 88,218 84,384 5.1 4.5 
 Rossville/Chromatex 84,740 79,512 74,203 6.6 7.2 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 177,467 167,730 158,587 5.8 5.8 
 Phillips 32,698 -- -- 100.0 --

 Velvets/Prints 171,389 156,467 125,701 9.5 24.5 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 381,554 324,197 284,288 17.7 14.0 
 MATTRESS TICKING:
 Culp Home Fashions 87,285 74,682 67,379 16.9 10.8 
 YARN:
 Artee Industries 7,876 -- -- 100.0 --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 476,715 398,879 351,667 19.5 13.4 
====================================================================================

1998 Compared with 1997

Net Sales. Net sales for 1998 increased by 77.8 million, or 19.5 , compared
with 1997. The company's sales of upholstery fabrics increased 57.4 million, or
17.7 , in 1998 compared with 1997. The principal factor contributing to the
increased sales was the contribution of 32.7 million from Phillips Mills, which
was acquired on August 5, 1997. Sales from Velvets/Prints, which manufactures
and markets fabrics that have been especially popular in markets outside the
United States, were up from the prior year. Although the strength in the U.S.
dollar relative to other currencies affected demand for Culp's fabrics,
Velvets/Prints continued to achieve increased international sales during 1998.
Sales from Culp Textures and Rossville/Chromatex rose at a lesser rate for
fiscal 1998. Sales from Culp Home Fashions, which principally consist of
mattress ticking and bedding products, rose 16.9 from a year ago. Excluding the
contribution from

14

acquired operations, Culp's sales of upholstery fabrics for furniture to
U.S.-based accounts were down slightly from 1997. Overall sales to U.S.-based
accounts, including the contribution from acquired operations, were up 14.2 for
1998. International sales, consisting primarily of upholstery fabrics, increased
to 137.2 million, up 35.1 from 1997. International shipments accounted for
28.8 of the company's sales for 1998, up from 25.5 in 1997. Since the close of
fiscal 1998, demand for fabrics marketed by Velvets/Prints began to slow in
certain international regions that had been primary export areas for the
company. This slowdown, which the company believes is industry-wide and linked
to economic difficulties in these areas, has accelerated and is expected to
affect the company's results significantly through at least the first half of
fiscal 1999.
 GROSS PROFIT AND COST OF SALES. Gross profit for 1998 increased by 11.1
million and amounted to 17.5 of net sales compared with 18.2 in 1997. The
company benefited from an increased absorption of fixed costs as a result of the
growth in sales, the investment in equipment designed to lower manufacturing
costs and raise productivity and contributions from acquisitions. These benefits
were more than offset in 1998 by the impact of competitive pressures on the
margins of sales to certain U.S. and international customers and expansion
projects that did not reach targeted levels of productivity. The cost of raw
materials remained relatively stable in 1998. The significant slowdown in
international sales of certain fabrics that has developed since the close of
1998 is expected to have an adverse impact on the company's gross profit for
1999. The company expects that this development, combined with other competitive
issues, will likely lead to significantly lower gross profit compared with the
prior year through at least the first half of fiscal 1999.
 SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. Selling, general and
administrative expenses declined slightly as a percentage of net sales for 1998
to 11.1 compared with 11.3 a year ago. The company is continuing to incur
higher expenses related to expanded resources for designing fabrics with new
patterns and textures and increased selling commissions associated with
international sales. These factors were offset by lower accruals as a percentage
of net sales for incentive-based compensation plans and by the increase in
overall operating efficiency as a result of the growth in net sales.
 INTEREST EXPENSE. Net interest expense for 1998 of 6.8 million was up from
 4.4 million in 1997 due principally to borrowings related to the acquisition of
Phillips Mills on August 5, 1997. The company also incurred higher borrowings in
1998 to finance capital expenditures and additional working capital
requirements.
 OTHER EXPENSE. Other expense increased to 1.9 million for 1998 compared with
 1.5 million for 1997, principally due to the amortization of goodwill
associated with the acquisition of Phillips Mills.
 INCOME TAXES. The effective tax rate for 1998 was 29.0 compared with 36.0 in
1997. The lower rate was due principally to increased tax benefits related to
the company's international sales and to a higher proportion of earnings from
the company's Canadian subsidiary that is taxed at a lower effective rate. The
company expects the effective tax rate for 1999 to be approximately 34 .
 NET INCOME PER SHARE. Diluted net income per share for 1998 totaled 1.19
compared with 1.15 a year ago. The weighted average number of outstanding
shares diluted increased 9.3 from 1997, principally due to the company's
secondary offering completed in February 1997.

1997 COMPARED WITH 1996

 Net Sales. Net sales for 1997 increased by 47.2 million, or 13.4 , compared
with 1996. The company's sales of upholstery fabrics increased 39.9 million, or
14.0 in 1997 compared with 1996. Sales from Velvets/Prints were up
significantly from the prior year, reflecting the positive impact of increased
international sales of wet-printed flock fabrics. Sales from Rossville/Chromatex
and Culp Textures also rose for the year. Sales from Culp Home Fashions,
principally represented by mattress ticking and bedding products, rose 10.8 for
the year. Business within the United States, especially sales to residential
furniture manufacturers, decreased by 2.1 during the fourth quarter of 1997 in
comparison to the same period of 1996. However, the company still achieved an 8 
gain in sales to U.S.-based accounts for the year. International sales,
consisting primarily of upholstery fabrics, increased to 101.6 million, up
31.2 from 1996. International shipments accounted for 25.5 of the company's
sales for 1997, up from 22.0 in 1996. Sales were made to customers in over 50
countries during 1997.
 GROSS PROFIT AND COST OF SALES. Gross profit for 1997 increased by 9.9
million and amounted to 18.2 of net sales compared with 17.8 in 1996. A
significant portion of the increase in gross profit dollars was generated by
Velvets/Prints and, to a lesser degree, by Culp Home Fashions. Gross profit for
Culp Textures and Rossville/Chromatex increased slightly. Factors contributing
to the higher profitability included the increased absorption of fixed costs as
a result of the growth in sales as well as the benefit from the company's
ongoing capital investment in equipment designed to lower manufacturing costs
and raise productivity. The company also began to experience a stabilization in
the cost of raw materials during 1997 and, in some instances, realized lower
costs.
 SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. Selling, general and
administrative expenses increased as a percentage of net sales for 1997.
Although the company continued to emphasize cost-containment programs, planned
increases in expenses related to resources for designing new fabrics, higher
selling commissions related to international sales and higher data processing
costs contributed to the higher ratio of expenses to net sales.
 INTEREST EXPENSE. Interest expense, net of interest income, of 4.4 million
for 1997 was down from 5.2 million in 1996 due to lower average borrowings
outstanding.
 OTHER EXPENSE. Other expense increased 565,000 in comparison to 1996,
primarily due to the non-recurring write-off of certain fixed assets totaling
 175,000 and the recognition in 1996 of a gain of 100,000 related to an
indemnification for an environmental matter.
 INCOME TAXES. The effective tax rate for 1997 decreased slightly to 36.0 
compared with 36.5 in 1996. This decrease was primarily due to the lower tax
rate related to Canadian income and tax benefits related to international sales.
 NET INCOME PER SHARE. Diluted net income per share for 1997 totaled 1.15
compared with 0.94 in 1996.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

 LIQUIDITY. Cash and cash investments were 2.3 million as of May 3, 1998
compared with 830,000 at the end of 1997. Funded debt (long-term debt,
including current maturities, less restricted investments) increased to 151.6
million at the close of 1998 from 65.6 million at the end of 1997. The increase
of 86.0 million in funded debt during 1998 was primarily a result of
acquisitions and capital investments made during the year. As a percentage of
total capital (funded debt plus total shareholders' equity), the company's
borrowings amounted to 53.5 as of May 3, 1998 compared with 37.2 at the end of
1997. The company's working capital as of May 3, 1998 was 102.7 million
compared with 69.8 million at the close of 1997.
 The company's cash flow from operations was 8.9 million for 1998, consisting
of 33.1 million from earnings (net income plus depreciation, amortization and
deferred income taxes) offset by a reduction of 24.2 million from changes in
working capital. In April 1998, Culp completed the

15

sale of 75 million of senior unsecured notes ("Notes") in a private placement
to institutional investors. The Notes have a fixed coupon rate of 6.76 and an
average term of 10 years. The net proceeds from the private placement were used
to repay existing indebtedness under the company's bank credit facility.
 FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS. In April 1997, the company completed a 125 million
syndicated five-year, unsecured, multi-currency revolving credit facility. The
facility requires quarterly payments of interest on all outstanding borrowings
and provides for a reduction of 5 million annually in the maximum amount of the
facility. Subsequent to the private placement of Notes in April 1998, the
maximum amount of the revolving credit facility was reduced to 100 million. As
of May 3, 1998, the company had outstanding balances of 30 million under the
credit facility.
 The company also has a total of 34.8 million in currently outstanding
industrial revenue bonds ("IRBs") which have been used to finance capital
expenditures. The IRBs are collateralized by restricted investments of 4.0
million as of May 3, 1998 and letters of credit for the outstanding balance of
the IRBs and certain interest payments due thereunder.
 The company's loan agreements require, among other things, that the company
maintain certain financial ratios. As of May 3, 1998, the company was in
compliance with these financial covenants.
 As of May 3, 1998, the company had three interest rate swap agreements to
reduce its exposure to floating interest rates on a 25 million notional amount.
The effect of these contracts is to "fix" the interest rate payable on 25
million of the company's variable rate borrowings at a weighted average rate of
7.1 . The company also enters into foreign exchange forward and option contracts
to hedge against currency fluctuations with respect to firm commitments to
purchase certain machinery and equipment and raw materials and certain
anticipated Canadian dollar expenses of the company's Canadian subsidiary.
 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. The company maintains an ongoing program of capital
expenditures designed to increase capacity as needed, enhance manufacturing
efficiencies through modernization and increase the company's vertical
integration. Capital expenditures totaled 35.9 million for 1998. The company
anticipates capital spending of 10- 15 million in 1999.
 The company believes that cash flows from operations and funds available under
existing credit facilities and committed IRB financings will be sufficient to
fund capital expenditures and working capital requirements for the foreseeable
future.

INFLATION

The company's costs for operating expenses, such as labor, utilities and
manufacturing supplies, rose during 1998 and 1997. Competitive conditions did
not allow the company to fully offset the impact of these increases through
higher prices, thereby putting pressure on profit margins. Although the cost of
the company's raw materials has generally stabilized and, in some cases,
declined during 1998, margins will continue to be influenced by raw material
prices, other operating costs and overall competitive conditions.

SEASONALITY

The company's business is slightly seasonal, with increased sales during the
second and fourth fiscal quarters. This seasonality results from one-week
closings of the company's manufacturing facilities, and the facilities of most
of its customers in the United States, during the first and third quarters for
the holiday weeks including July 4th and Christmas.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Culp is structured in business units. Through 1998, this organization consisted
of six groups: (i) Culp Textures, (ii) Rossville/Chromatex, (iii)
Velvets/Prints, (iv) Culp Home Fashions, (v) Phillips Mills and (vi) Artee
Industries. After the close of the fiscal year, this structure was reorganized
into a management structure with four business units: (i) Culp Decorative
Fabrics, (ii) Culp Velvets/Prints, (iii) Culp Home Fashions and (iv) Culp Yarn.
Management's goal in this restructuring is to raise overall efficiency, improve
internal communications and develop more comprehensive marketing programs that
correlate Culp's diverse fabric offerings into unified collections for
customers.

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 128, "Earnings Per Share," which is effective
for financial statements for both interim and annual periods ending after
December 15, 1997. SFAS No. 128 specifies the computation, presentation and
disclosure requirements for earnings per share for entities with publicly held
common stock. Early adoption of SFAS No. 128 was prohibited and, as a result,
the company adopted SFAS No. 128 in the third fiscal quarter of 1998.
 In June 1997, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 131,
"Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information," effective
for periods beginning after December 15, 1997. The purpose of this standard is
to disclose disaggregated information which provides information about the
operating segments an enterprise engages in, consistent with the way management
reviews financial information to make decisions about the enterprise's operating
matters. The company will comply with the requirements of this standard for
fiscal year 1999.

YEAR 2000 CONSIDERATIONS

Management has developed a plan to modify the company's information technology
to recognize the year 2000 and has begun converting critical data processing
systems. The company's Year 2000 initiative is being managed by a team of
internal staff and management. Management currently expects the project to be
substantially complete by the end of fiscal 1999. The cost of this initiative,
principally represented by internal resources, is not expected to be material to
the company's results of operations or financial position. This project is not
expected to have a significant effect on the company's operations, though no
assurance can be given in this regard.

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

This annual report to shareholders and the company's annual report on Form 10-K
contain statements that could be deemed "forward-looking statements," within the
meaning of the federal securities laws. Such statements are inherently subject
to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements that
include projections, expectations or beliefs about future events or results or
otherwise are not statements of historical fact. Such statements are often
characterized by qualifying words such as "expect," "believe," "estimate,"
"plan" and "project" and their derivatives. Factors that could influence the
matters discussed in such statements include the level of housing starts and
sales of existing homes, consumer confidence, trends in disposable income and
general economic conditions. Decreases in these economic indicators could have a
negative effect on the company's business and prospects. Likewise, increases in
interest rates, particularly home mortgage rates, and increases in consumer debt
or the general rate of inflation, could affect the company adversely. Because of
the increasing percentage of the company's sales derived by international
shipments, strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other currencies could make
the company's products less competitive on the basis of price in markets outside
the United States. Additionally, economic and political instability in the
international area could affect the demand for the company's products.

16

Consolidated Balance Sheets

MAY 3, 1998 AND APRIL 27, 1997 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA) 1998 1997
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 ASSETS
 current assets:
 cash and cash investments 2,312 830
 accounts receivable 73,773 56,691
 inventories 78,594 53,463
 other current assets 7,808 5,450
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 total current assets 162,487 116,434

 restricted investments 4,021 11,018
 property, plant and equipment, net 128,805 91,231
 goodwill 55,162 22,262
 other assets 4,340 3,007
==================================================================================================================================
 total assets 354,815 243,952
==================================================================================================================================

 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 current liabilities:
 current maturities of long-term debt 3,325 100
 accounts payable 37,214 29,903
 accrued expenses 17,936 15,074
 income taxes payable 1,282 1,580
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 total current liabilities 59,757 46,657

 long-term debt 152,312 76,541
 deferred income taxes 11,227 9,965
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 total liabilities 223,296 133,163
==================================================================================================================================

 commitments and contingencies (notes 10 and 11)
 shareholders' equity:
 preferred stock, .05 par value, authorized 10,000,000
 shares 0 0
 common stock, .05 par value, authorized 40,000,000
 shares, issued and outstanding 13,007,021 at
 May 3, 1998 and 12,608,759 at April 27, 1997 650 630
 capital contributed in excess of par value 40,882 33,899
 retained earnings 89,987 76,260
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 total shareholders' equity 131,519 110,789
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 total liabilities and shareholders' equity 354,815 243,952
==================================================================================================================================

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.

17

Consolidated Statements of Income

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MAY 3, 1998, APRIL 27, 1997,
AND APRIL 28, 1996 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 1998 1997 1996
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 net sales 476,715 398,879 351,667
 cost of sales 393,154 326,394 289,129
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 gross profit 83,561 72,485 62,538
 selling, general and administrative expenses 52,987 45,058 39,068
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 income from operations 30,574 27,427 23,470
 interest expense 7,117 4,671 5,316
 interest income (304) (280) (92)
 other expense 1,912 1,521 956
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 income before income taxes 21,849 21,515 17,290
 income taxes 6,336 7,745 6,310
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 net income 15,513 13,770 10,980
==================================================================================================================================
 net income per share 1.22 1.18 0.98
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 net income per share, assuming dilution 1.19 1.15 0.94
===============================================================================================================================

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.

18

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity

CAPITAL
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MAY 3, 1998, COMMON COMMON CONTRIBUTED TOTAL 
APRIL 27, 1997 AND APRIL 28, 1996 STOCK STOCK IN EXCESS OF RETAINED SHAREHOLDERS'
(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA) SHARES AMOUNT PAR VALUE EARNINGS EQUITY
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
balance, April 30, 1995 11,204,766 560 16,577 54,259 71,396
 cash dividends 0.11 per share) (1,236) (1,236)
 net income 10,980 10,980
 common stock issued in connection
 with stock option plan 85,534 5 301 306
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
balance, April 28, 1996 11,290,300 565 16,878 64,003 81,446
 proceeds from public offering of
 1,200,000 shares 1,200,000 60 16,235 16,295
 cash dividends 0.13 per share) (1,513) (1,513)
 net income 13,770 13,770
 common stock issued in connection
 with stock option plan 118,459 5 786 791
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
balance, April 27, 1997 12,608,759 630 33,899 76,260 110,789
 cash dividends 0.14 per share) (1,786) (1,786)
 net income 15,513 15,513
 common stock issued in connection
 with stock option plans 114,051 6 997 1,003
 common stock issued in connection
 with acquisition of Artee
 Industries, Incorporated's assets 284,211 14 5,386 5,400
 stock options issued in connection
 with acquisition of Phillips' assets 600 600
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
balance, May 3, 1998 13,007,021 650 40,882 89,987 131,519
=================================================================================================================================

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.

19

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MAY 3, 1998, APRIL 27, 1997, AND APRIL 28, 1996
(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 1998 1997 1996
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
cash flows from operating activities:
 net income 15,513 13,770 10,980
 adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
 operating activities:
 depreciation 14,808 12,688 12,348
 amortization of intangible assets 1,371 810 748
 provision for deferred income taxes 1,416 966 2,210
 changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of
 businesses acquired:
 accounts receivable (13,207) (4,653) (7,786)
 inventories (17,684) (6,068) (1,624)
 other current assets (660) (348) (537)
 other assets (380) (205) (103)
 accounts payable 6,477 2,586 (1,077)
 accrued expenses 1,506 2,510 1,032
 income taxes payable (298) 1,383 (464)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 net cash provided by operating activities 8,862 23,439 15,727
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

cash flows from investing activities:

 capital expenditures (35,879) (26,958) (14,385)
 purchase of restricted investments (8,770) (9,770) (6,019)
 purchase of investments to fund deferred compensation liability (581) (563) (1,286)
 sale of restricted investments 15,767 4,002 1,564
 payments for businesses acquired (42,966) -- --
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 net cash used in investing activities (72,429) (33,289) (20,126)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

cash flows from financing activities:
 proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 86,246 54,500 19,854
 principal payments on long-term debt (17,100) (59,900) (11,555)
 cash dividends paid (1,786) (1,513) (1,236)
 proceeds from common stock issued 562 17,086 306
 change in accounts payable - capital expenditures (2,873) 9 (3,865)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 net cash provided by financing activities 65,049 10,182 3,504
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

increase (decrease) in cash and cash investments 1,482 332 (895)
cash and cash investments, beginning of year 830 498 1,393
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
cash and cash investments, end of year 2,312 830 498
===================================================================================================================================

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.

20

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 1. GENERAL AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

 PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the company and its subsidiary, which is wholly-owned. All
significant intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in
consolidation.
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS The company primarily manufactures and markets
furniture upholstery fabrics and mattress ticking for the furniture, bedding,
and related industries, with the majority of its business conducted in the
United States.
 FISCAL YEAR The company's fiscal year is the 52 or 53 week period ending on
the Sunday closest to April 30. Fiscal year 1998 included 53 weeks and fiscal
years 1997 and 1996 included 52 weeks.
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For purposes of reporting cash flows, the company
considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three
months or less to be cash investments.
 ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE Substantially all of the company's accounts receivable are
due from manufacturers and distributors in the markets noted above. The company
grants credit to customers, a substantial number of which are located in the
United States. Management performs credit evaluations of the company's customers
and generally does not require collateral.
 INVENTORIES Principally all inventories are valued at the lower of last-in,
first-out (LIFO) cost or market.
 RESTRICTED INVESTMENTS Restricted investments were purchased with proceeds
from industrial revenue bond issues and are invested pending application of such
proceeds to project costs or repayment of the bonds. The investments are stated
at cost which approximates market value.
 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Property, plant and equipment is recorded at
cost. Depreciation is generally computed using the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of the respective assets. Major renewals and betterments
are capitalized. Maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are expensed as
incurred. When properties are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost
and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts. Amounts received on
disposal less the book value of assets sold are charged or credited to income.
 Interest costs of 678,000 incurred during the year ended May 3, 1998 for the
purchase and construction of qualifying fixed assets were capitalized and are
being amortized over the related assets' estimated useful lives.
 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION The United States dollar is the functional
currency for the company's Canadian subsidiary. Translation gains or losses for
this subsidiary are reflected in net income.
 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS Goodwill, which represents the
unamortized excess of the purchase price over the fair values of the net assets
acquired, is being amortized using the straight-line method over 40 years. The
company assesses the recoverability of goodwill by determining whether the
amortization of the balance over its remaining life can be recovered through
undiscounted future operating cash flows of the acquired businesses. The
assessment of the recoverability of goodwill will be impacted if estimated cash
flows are not achieved.
 Other intangible assets are included in other assets and consist principally
of debt issue costs. Amortization is computed using the straight-line method
over the respective terms of the debt agreements.
 INCOME TAXES Deferred taxes are recognized for the temporary differences
between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of the
company's assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
at income tax rates expected to be in effect when such amounts are realized or
settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in
income in the period that includes the enactment date.
 No provision is made for income taxes which may be payable if undistributed
income of the company's Canadian subsidiary were to be paid as dividends to the
company, since the company intends that such earnings will continue to be
invested. At May 3, 1998, the amount of such undistributed income was 10.7
million. Foreign tax credits may be available as a reduction of United States
income taxes in the event of such distributions.
 REVENUE RECOGNITION Revenue is recognized when products are shipped to
customers. Provision is made currently for estimated product returns, claims and
allowances.
 STOCK OPTION PLANS Prior to April 29, 1996, the company accounted for its
stock option plans in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Principles
Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and
related interpretations. As such, compensation expense was recorded on the date
of grant only if the current market price of the underlying stock exceeded the
exercise price. On April 29, 1996, the company adopted SFAS No. 123, Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation, which permits entities to recognize as expense
over the vesting period the fair value of all stock-based awards on the date of
grant. Alternatively, SFAS No. 123 also allows entities to continue to apply the
provisions of APB Opinion No. 25 and provide pro forma net income and pro forma
net income per share disclosures for employee stock option grants made in fiscal
1996 and future years as if the fair-value-based method defined in SFAS No. 123
had been applied. The company has elected to continue to apply the provisions of
APB Opinion No. 25 and provide the pro forma disclosure provisions of SFAS No.
123.
 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS The carrying amount of cash and cash
investments, accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable and
accrued expenses approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these
financial instruments.
 The fair value of the company's long-term debt is estimated by discounting the
future cash flows at rates currently offered to the company for similar debt
instruments of comparable maturities. The fair value of the company's long-term
debt approximates the carrying value of the debt at May 3, 1998.
 INTEREST RATE SWAP AGREEMENTS Interest rate swap agreements generally involve
the exchange of fixed and floating rate interest payment obligations without the
exchange of the underlying principal amounts. These agreements are used to
effectively fix the interest rates on certain variable rate borrowings. Net
amounts paid or received are reflected as adjustments to interest expense.
 FORWARD CONTRACTS Gains and losses related to qualifying hedges of firm
commitments and certain anticipated transactions of the company's Canadian
subsidiary are deferred and included in the measurement of the related foreign
currency transaction when the hedged transaction occurs.

21

 PER SHARE DATA During the third quarter of fiscal 1998, the company adopted
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128 that requires the reporting
of both net income per share and net income per share, assuming dilution. Net
income per share is computed by dividing net income available to common
shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the
period. Net income per share, assuming dilution reflects the potential dilution
that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were
exercised or converted into common stock. Prior periods have been restated to
reflect the new standard. The following table reconciles the numerators and
denominators of net income per share and net income per share, assuming
dilution:

(Amounts in thousands, Income Shares Per Share
except per share data) (Numerator) (Denominator) Amount
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1998
Net income per share 15,513 12,744 1.22
Effect of dilutive securities:
 Options 0 298
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income per share,
 assuming dilution 15,513 13,042 1.19
================================================================================
1997
Net income per share 13,770 11,624 1.18
Effect of dilutive securities:
 Options 0 305
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income per share,
 assuming dilution 13,770 11,929 1.15
================================================================================
1996
Net income per share 10,980 11,234 0.98
Effect of dilutive securities:
 Options 0 288 
 Convertible note payable 175 364
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income per share,
 assuming dilution 11,155 11,886 0.94
================================================================================

 USE OF ESTIMATES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
 RECLASSIFICATION Certain items in the 1997 consolidated financial statements
have been reclassified to conform with the presentation adopted in the current
year. The reclassifications did not impact net income as previously reported.

2. ACQUISITIONS

On August 5, 1997, the company purchased the operations and certain assets
relating to an upholstery fabric business operating as Phillips Weaving Mills,
Phillips Velvet Mills, Phillips Printing and Phillips Mills (Phillips). The
transaction was valued at approximately 39.5 million and involved the purchase
of assets for cash, the assumption of certain notes, liabilities and contracts,
the payments under the terms of certain obligations to Phillips and the issuance
of an option for 100,000 shares of common stock. The consideration for the
acquisition also included contingent payments to Phillips within three years
following closing that could range from 0 to 5.5 million, depending upon the
future sales performance of the Phillips jacquard fabric product line. Goodwill
on the transaction was approximately 30.8 million, which is being amortized on
the straight-line method over 40 years.
 On December 30, 1997, the company purchased the operations and certain assets
relating to the Wetumpka spun yarn operation of Dan River Inc. The transaction
was valued at approximately 1.4 million and involved the purchase of assets for
cash.
 On February 2, 1998, the company purchased the operations and certain assets
relating to a yarn manufacturing business operating as Artee Industries,
Incorporated (Artee). The transaction was valued at approximately 17.9 million
and involved the purchase of assets for cash, the assumption of certain
liabilities and the issuance of a note payable and common stock of the company.
The consideration for the acquisition also included contingent payments to Artee
that could range from 0 to 7.6 million, depending upon the future
profitability of Artee during the company's fiscal year ending May 2, 1999.
Goodwill on the transaction was approximately 3.3 million, which is being
amortized on the straight-line method over 40 years.
 The three acquisitions mentioned above were accounted for as purchases, and
accordingly, the total purchase price has been allocated to the assets and
retained liabilities acquired based on their estimated fair values at the dates
of the acquisitions. The preliminary estimated fair values of assets and
retained liabilities acquired are summarized below:

(dollars in thousands)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
accounts receivable, net 3,875
inventories 7,447
other current assets 907
property, plant and equipment 16,503
goodwill 34,133
other assets 1,455
accounts payable and accrued expenses (5,504)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 total 58,816
issuance of 284,211 shares of Culp, Inc. common stock 5,400
issuance of an option for 100,000 shares of
 Culp, Inc. common stock 600
issuance of obligations to sellers 9,850
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 cash paid 42,966
================================================================================

The operating results of the three acquisitions mentioned above are included in
the company's consolidated results of operations from the dates of the
acquisitions. The following unaudited pro forma data presents the consolidated
results of operations as if the acquisitions had occurred at the beginning of
fiscal 1997, after giving effect to certain adjustments, including amortization
of goodwill, interest expense on the debt of the acquisitions and related income
tax effects. These pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes
only and do not purport to be indicative of what would have occurred had the
acquisitions been made as of those dates or of results which may occur in the
future.

22

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) 1998 1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
net sales 505,950 471,751
net income 16,283 15,652
net income per share 1.26 1.31
net income per share, assuming dilution 1.23 1.28

3. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

A summary of accounts receivable follows:

(dollars in thousands) 1998 1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
customers 75,695 58,568
allowance for doubtful accounts (1,244) (1,500)
reserve for returns and allowances (678) (377)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 73,773 56,691
================================================================================

4. INVENTORIES

A summary of inventories follows:

(dollars in thousands) 1998 1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
inventories on the FIFO cost method
 raw materials 45,319 32,025
 work-in-process 6,608 4,627
 finished goods 31,017 20,212
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 total inventories on the
 FIFO cost method 82,944 56,864
adjustments of certain inventories to the
 LIFO cost method (2,364) (3,401)
adjustments of certain inventories to market (1,986) -
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 78,594 53,463
================================================================================

5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

A summary of property, plant and equipment follows:

 depreciable lives
(dollars in thousands) (in years) 1998 1997
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
land and improvements 10 2,205 1,795
buildings and improvements 7-40 21,548 13,719
leasehold improvements 7-10 1,544 1,379
machinery and equipment 3-12 162,070 124,531
office furniture and equipment 3-10 13,508 13,122
capital projects in progress 23,659 19,019
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
 224,534 173,565
accumulated depreciation (95,729) (82,334)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
 128,80 91,231
=========================================================================

6. GOODWILL

A summary of goodwill follows:

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 1998 1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
goodwill 58,351 24,218
accumulated amortization (3,189) (1,956)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 55,162 22,262
================================================================================

7. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE

A summary of accounts payable follows:

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 1998 1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
accounts payable - trade 34,340 24,156
accounts payable - capital expenditures 2,874 5,747
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 37,214 29,903
================================================================================

8. ACCRUED EXPENSES

A summary of accrued expenses follows:

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 1998 1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
compensation and benefits 12,212 10,217
other 5,724 4,857
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 17,936 15,074
================================================================================

9. INCOME TAXES

A summary of income taxes follows:

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 1998 1997 1996
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
current
 federal 2,698 5,109 3,345
 state 493 881 700
 Canadian 1,729 789 0
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 4,920 6,779 4,045
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
deferred
 federal 563 (26) 1,422
 state 102 (12) 145
 Canadian 751 1,004 698
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 1,416 966 2,265
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 6,336 7,745 6,310
================================================================================

Income before income taxes related to the company's Canadian operation for the
years ended May 3, 1998, April 27, 1997, and April 28, 1996 were 8,000,000,
 5,500,000 and 2,100,000, respectively.
 The following schedule summarizes the principal differences between income
taxes at the federal income tax rate and the effective income tax rate reflected
in the consolidated financial statements:

 1998 1997 1996
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
federal income tax rate 35.0 35.0 34.2 
state income taxes, net of federal
 income tax benefit 1.8 2.6 3.4
exempt income of foreign sales corporation (6.4) (1.7) (1.7)
other (1.4) 0.1 0.6
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 29.0 36.0 36.5 
================================================================================

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions
of the deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:

23

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 1998 1997
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
deferred tax liabilities:
 property, plant and equipment, net (10,526) (8,903)
 goodwill (1,651) (1,019)
 other (326) (105)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 total deferred tax liabilities (12,503) (10,027)
deferred tax assets:
 accounts receivable 590 638
 inventories 1,356 380
 compensation 1,515 1,231
 liabilities and reserves 1,673 691
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 gross deferred tax assets 5,134 2,940
 valuation allowance 0 0
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 total deferred tax assets 5,134 2,940
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (7,369) (7,087)
================================================================================

Deferred taxes are classified in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet
captions as follows:

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 1998 1997
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
other current assets 3,858 2,878
deferred income taxes (11,227) (9,965)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (7,369) (7,087)
================================================================================

The company believes that it is more likely than not that the results of future
operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the remaining
deferred tax assets.
 Income taxes paid, net of income tax refunds, were 5,218,000 in 1998;
 5,396,000 in 1997; and 4,623,000 in 1996.

10. LONG-TERM DEBT

A summary of long-term debt follows:

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 1998 1997
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
senior unsecured notes 75,000 --
industrial revenue bonds and other obligations 34,787 31,641
revolving credit facility 30,000 41,000
revolving line of credit 6,000 4,000
obligations to sellers 9,850 --
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 155,637 76,641
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
current maturities (3,325) (100)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 152,312 76,541
================================================================================

On April 2, 1998, the company completed the sale of 75,000,000 of senior
unsecured notes (the "Notes") in a private placement to insurance companies. The
Notes have a fixed coupon rate of 6.76 and an average term of 10 years. The
principal payments become due from March 2006 to March 2010 with interest
payable semi-annually.
 The company's revolving credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") provides an
unsecured multi-currency revolving credit facility, which expires in April 2002,
with a syndicate of banks in the United States and Europe. The Credit Agreement
provides for a revolving loan commitment of 100,000,000. The agreement requires
payment of a quarterly facility fee in advance. Additionally, the agreement
requires payment of interest on any outstanding borrowings based on, at the
company's option, (1) the reference rate of the agent acting on behalf of the
syndicate of banks, or (2) a specified pricing grid which increases from LIBOR
or IBOR based on the company's debt to EBITDA ratio, as defined by the
agreement. At May 3, 1998, all of the outstanding borrowings under the
multi-currency agreement were based on LIBOR and the interest rate was
approximately 6.02 .
 The company's 6,000,000 revolving line of credit expires on May 31, 1999.
However, the line of credit will automatically be extended for an additional
three-month period on each August 31, November 30, February 28 and May 31 unless
the bank notifies the company that the line of credit will not be extended.
Additionally, the revolving line of credit requires payment of interest monthly
on any outstanding borrowings at an interest rate based on LIBOR plus a margin
based on the company's debt to EBITDA ratio, as defined in the credit facility.
At May 3, 1998, the interest rate on outstanding borrowings was approximately
6.02 .
 The industrial revenue bonds (IRB) are generally due in balloon maturities
which occur at various dates from 2006 to 2013. All of the bonds bear interest
at variable rates of approximately 60 of the prime rate (prime at May 3, 1998
was 8.5 ). The IRBs are collateralized by restricted investments of 4,021,000
and letters of credit for 35,036,000 at May 3, 1998.
 The company's loan agreements require, among other things, that the company
maintain compliance with certain financial ratios. At May 3, 1998, the company
was in compliance with these required financial covenants.
 At May 3, 1998, the company had three interest rate swap agreements with a
bank in order to reduce its exposure to floating interest rates on a portion of
its variable rate borrowings.
 The following table summarizes certain data regarding the interest rate swaps:

NOTIONAL AMOUNT INTEREST RATE EXPIRATION DATE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 15,000,000 7.3 April 2000
 5,000,000 6.9 June 2002
 5,000,000 6.6 July 2002

The estimated amount at which the company could terminate these agreements as of
May 3, 1998 is approximately 476,000. Net amounts paid under these agreements
increased interest expense by approximately 232,000 in 1998; 301,000 in 1997;
and 290,000 in 1996. Management believes the risk of incurring losses resulting
from the inability of the bank to fulfill its obligation under the interest rate
swap agreements to be remote and that any losses incurred would be immaterial.
 The principal payment requirements of long-term debt during the next five
years are: 1999 - 3,325,000; 2000 - 7,910,000; 2001 - 1,910,000; 2002 -
 31,910,000; and 2003 - 1,910,000.
 Interest paid during 1998, 1997 and 1996 totaled 7,067,000, 4,834,000, and
 5,365,000, respectively.

11. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

The company leases certain office, manufacturing and warehouse facilities and
equipment, primarily computer, and vehicles, under noncancellable operating
leases. Lease terms related to real estate range from five to ten

24

years with renewal options for additional periods ranging from five to fifteen
years. The leases generally require the company to pay real estate taxes,
maintenance, insurance and other expenses. Rental expense for operating leases,
net of sublease income, was 6,065,000 in 1998, 4,590,000 in 1997; and
 3,502,000 in 1996. Future minimum rental commitments for noncancellable
operating leases are 5,813,000 in 1999; 5,129,000 in 2000; 3,199,000 in 2001;
 2,205,000 in 2002; 1,990,000 in 2003; and 9,017,000 in later years.
 The company is involved in several legal proceedings and claims which have
arisen in the ordinary course of its business. These actions, when ultimately
concluded and settled, will not, in the opinion of management, have a material
adverse effect upon the financial position, results of operations or liquidity
of the company.
 The company has outstanding capital expenditure commitments of approximately
 3,614,000 as of May 3, 1998.

12. STOCK OPTION PLANS

 The company has a fixed stock option plan under which options to purchase
common stock may be granted to officers, directors and key employees. At May 3,
1998, 800,677 shares of common stock were authorized for issuance under the
plan. Options are generally exercisable one year after the date of grant and
generally expire beginning ten years after the date of grant.
 No compensation cost has been recognized for this stock option plan as options
are granted under the plan at an option price not less than fair market value at
the date of grant.
 A summary of the status of the plan as of May 3, 1998, April 27, 1997 and
April 28, 1996 and changes during the years ended on those dates is presented
below:
 During fiscal 1995, the company adopted a stock option plan which provided for
the one-time grant to officers and certain senior managers of options to
purchase 121,000 shares of the company's common stock at .05 (par value) per
share. Coincident with the adoption of this plan, the company's 1993 stock
option plan was amended to reduce the number of shares issuable under that plan
by 121,000 shares. The accelerated vesting provisions of this plan were achieved
and all options vested 45 days after the end of fiscal 1997 and, as a result,
the compensation expense recorded under APB opinion No. 25 was approximately
 1,026,000 for the three-year period ended April 27, 1997. Since these options
were granted in fiscal 1995, the provisions of SFAS No. 123 are not applicable.
As of May 3, 1998, the 65,000 options outstanding under the plan have exercise
prices of 0.05 and a weighted-average remaining contractual life of 5.7 years.
Options exercised during fiscal 1998 were 49,000.
 During September 1997, the company's shareholders approved the 1997
performance-based option plan which provides for the one-time grant to certain
officers and certain senior managers of options to purchase 106,000 shares of
the company's common stock at 1.00 per share. Options under the plan are
exercisable the earlier of January 1, 2006 or approximately 30 days after the
end of fiscal 1999 if the company achieves net income per share of 1.50 for
fiscal 1999, which would represent a 15 compound annual growth rate from fiscal
1996 net income per share of 0.98. During 1998, the compensation expense
recorded under APB Opinion No. 25 was approximately 250,000.
 As of May 3, 1998, the 106,000 options outstanding under the plan have
exercise prices of 1.00 and a weighted-average remaining contractual life of
8.7 years. The weighted-average fair value of the 106,000 options granted during
1998 was 19.10. Had compensation cost for this stock-based compensation plan
and the fixed stock option plan with

1998 1997 1996
 WEIGHTED-AVG. WEIGHTED-AVG. WEIGHTED-AVG.
 SHARES EXERCISE PRICE SHARES EXERCISE PRICE SHARES EXERCISE PRICE
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Outstanding at beginning of year 407,228 8.69 443,437 7.46 455,721 6.65
Granted 187,250 18.89 82,250 12.61 83,250 8.27
Exercised (65,051) 8.63 (118,459) 6.81 (85,534) 3.51
Canceled/expired -- -- -- -- (10,000) 11.25
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
outstanding at end of year 529,427 12.30 407,228 8.69 443,437 7.46
====================================================================================================================================
Options exercisable at year-end 453,427 10.97 336,228 7.91 371,437 7.37
Weighted-average fair value of options 
 granted during the year 6.72 4.55 2.98
====================================================================================================================================

OPTIONS OUTSTANDING OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 NUMBER WEIGHTED-AVG. NUMBER 
RANGE OF OUTSTANDING REMAINING WEIGHTED-AVG. EXERCISABLE WEIGHTED-AVG. 
EXERCISE PRICES AT 5/3/98 CONTRACTUAL LIFE EXERCISE PRICE AT 5/3/98 EXERCISE PRICE 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
 2.82 -- 7.75 142,427 4.5 years 5.04 142,427 5.04 
 8.00 -- 12.75 168,375 6.4 10.83 168,375 10.83 
 13.34 -- 20.25 207,375 6.8 18.02 131,375 16.73 
 20.94 -- 20.94 11,250 9.4 20.94 11,250 20.94 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 529,427 6.1 12.30 453,427 10.97 
=================================================================================================== 

25

529,427 options outstanding at May 3, 1998 been determined consistent with SFAS
No. 123, the company's net income, net income per share and net income per
share, assuming dilution would have been reduced to the pro forma amounts
indicated below:

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 1998 1997 1996
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income As reported 15,513 13,770 10,980
 Pro forma 15,377 13,637 10,927
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income per share As reported 1.22 1.18 0.98
 Pro forma 1.21 1.17 0.97
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income per share, As reported 1.19 1.15 0.94
 assuming dilution Pro forma 1.18 1.14 0.93
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant
using the Black Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions used for grants in 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively: dividend yield
of 1 , 1 and 1 ; risk-free interest rates of 5.5 , 5 And 5 ; expected
volatility of 42 , 44 and 44 ; and expected lives of 5.3 years, 3 years and 3
years.

13. BENEFIT PLANS

 The company has a defined contribution plan which covers substantially all
employees and provides for participant contributions on a pre-tax basis and
discretionary matching contributions by the company, which are determined
annually. Company contributions to the plan were 1,103,000 in 1998; 875,000
in 1997; and 791,000 in 1996.
 In addition to the defined contribution plan, the company has a nonqualified
deferred compensation plan covering officers and certain other associates. At
May 3, 1998 and April 27, 1997, the company's nonqualified plan liability of
 3,059,000 and 2,128,000 at May 3, 1998 and April 27, 1997, respectively, is
included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
The company also had assets related to the nonqualified plan of 2,355,000 and
 1,774,000 at May 3, 1998 and April 27, 1997, respectively, which are included
in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

14. INTERNATIONAL SALES

International sales, of which 94 , 91 , and 90 were denominated in U.S. dollars
in 1998, 1997, and 1996, accounted for 29 of net sales in 1998, 25 in 1997,
and 22 in 1996, and are summarized by geographic area as follows:

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 1998 1997 1996
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
North America (excluding USA) 31,160 27,479 23,528
Europe 30,775 25,245 18,927
Middle East 34,412 23,505 15,609
Asia and Pacific Rim 32,344 19,646 12,124
South America 5,158 2,604 2,753
All other areas 3,374 3,092 4,456
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 137,223 101,571 77,397
================================================================================

15. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

A director of the company is also an officer and director of a major customer of
the company. The amount of sales to this customer was approximately 30,545,000
in 1998; 27,549,000 in 1997; and 27,739,000 in 1996. The amount due from this
customer at May 3, 1998 was approximately 2,413,000 and at April 27, 1997 was
approximately 2,718,000.
 A director of the company is also an officer and director of the lessor of the
company's office facilities in High Point. Rent expense for the company's office
facilities was approximately 482,000 in 1998; 436,000 in 1997; and 421,000 in
1996.
 Rents paid to entities owned by certain shareholders and officers of the
company and their immediate families were 724,000 in 1998 and 680,000 in 1997
and 1996.

16. FOREIGN EXCHANGE FORWARD CONTRACTS

The company generally enters into foreign exchange forward and option contracts
as a hedge against its exposure to currency fluctuations on firm commitments to
purchase certain machinery and equipment and raw materials and certain
anticipated Canadian dollar expenses of the company's Canadian subsidiary. The
company had approximately 519,000 and 2,432,000 of outstanding foreign
exchange forward and option contracts as of May 3, 1998 and April 27, 1997,
respectively (primarily denominated in Belgian francs and German marks). The
contracts outstanding at May 3, 1998 mature at various dates in fiscal 1999. Due
to the short maturity of these financial instruments, the fair values of these
contracts approximate the contract amounts at May 3, 1998 and April 27, 1997,
respectively.

17. STOCK OFFERING

 In February of 1997, the company completed the sale of 1,200,000 shares of
common stock at a per share price of 15 less commissions and expenses of
approximately 1,700,000 which resulted in net proceeds realized of
approximately 16,300,000. The net proceeds received from the offering were used
to reduce outstanding borrowings under the company's revolving credit line.
 The stock offering also included 640,000 shares of common stock sold by two
non-management shareholders at a per share price of 15 less commissions of
approximately 576,000 which resulted in net proceeds realized of approximately
 9,024,000 by the selling shareholders.

26

Selected Quarterly Data

 FISCAL FISCAL FISCAL FISCAL FISCAL FISCAL 
 1998 1998 1998 1998 1997 1997 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER 
 SHARE AMOUNTS) 4TH QUARTER 3RD QUARTER 2ND QUARTER 1ST QUARTER 4TH QUARTER 3RD QUARTER 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
INCOME STATEMENT DATA (10)
 net sales 135,834 118,457 122,926 99,498 105,678 97,468 
 cost of sales 112,644 97,554 100,191 82,765 85,386 80,317 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 gross profit 23,190 20,903 22,735 16,733 20,292 17,151 
 SG & A expenses 15,277 13,162 13,632 10,916 11,730 10,760 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 income from operations 7,913 7,741 9,103 5,817 8,562 6,391
 interest expense 1,837 2,180 1,820 1,280 1,019 1,228 
 interest income (69) (73) (72) (90) (90) (73) 
 other expense 753 492 425 242 404 421 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 income before income taxes 5,392 5,142 6,930 4,385 7,229 4,815 
 
 income taxes 1,236 1,140 2,425 1,535 2,389 1,805 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 net income 4,156 4,002 4,505 2,850 4,840 3,010 
===============================================================================================================================
 EBITDA (6) 11,796 11,390 12,643 9,012 11,582 9,279 
 depreciation 4,148 3,791 3,613 3,256 3,248 3,119 
 cash dividends 453 444 446 443 410 368 
===============================================================================================================================
 weighted average shares outstanding 12,993 12,692 12,668 12,631 12,546 11,342 
 weighted average shares outstanding,
 assuming dilution 13,284 12,986 12,980 12,929 12,856 11,653 
===============================================================================================================================
PER SHARE DATA (10)
 net income (9) 0.32 0.32 0.36 0.23 0.39 0.27 
 net income, assuming dilution (9) 0.31 0.31 0.35 0.22 0.38 0.26
 cash dividends 0.035 0.035 0.035 0.035 0.0325 0.0325 
 book value 10.11 9.58 9.30 8.98 8.79 7.89 
===============================================================================================================================
BALANCE SHEET DATA (10)
 working capital 102,730 104,026 98,833 88,969 69,777 60,689 
 property, plant and equipment, net 128,805 113,658 107,377 97,128 91,231 86,146 
 total assets 354,815 327,322 320,979 253,319 243,952 228,262 
 capital expenditures 7,696 8,967 10,063 9,153 8,333 8,949 
 long-term debt 152,312 144,079 139,991 96,016 76,541 86,266 
 funded debt (1) 151,616 141,223 131,833 87,930 65,623 80,588 
 shareholders' equity 131,519 121,613 118,005 113,537 110,789 89,578 
 capital employed (7) 283,135 262,836 249,838 201,467 176,412 170,166 
===============================================================================================================================
RATIOS & OTHER DATA (10)
 gross profit margin 17.1 17.6 18.5 16.8 19.2 17.6 
 operating income margin 5.8 6.5 7.4 5.8 8.1 6.6 
 net income margin 3.1 3.4 3.7 2.9 4.6 3.1 
 EBITDA margin 8.7 9.6 10.3 9.1 11.0 9.5 
 effective income tax rate 22.9 22.2 35.0 35.0 33.0 37.5 
 funded debt-to-total capital ratio (1) 53.5 53.7 52.8 43.6 37.2 47.4 
 working capital turnover 4.7 4.7 4.8 5.1 5.3 5.3 
 days sales in receivables 49 52 55 50 49 47 
 inventory turnover 5.9 5.4 6.1 5.8 6.6 6.2 
===============================================================================================================================
STOCK DATA
 stock price
 high 21.75 21.00 22.19 18.63 19.63 17.00 
 low 18.63 18.38 17.38 16.50 14.50 13.50 
 close 18.88 20.00 19.00 17.63 16.63 14.88 
 P/E ratio (2)
 high 17.8 16.2 17.8 15.3 16.6 14.7 
 low 15.3 14.1 13.9 13.5 12.3 11.6 
 daily average trading volume (shares) (8) 16.9 17.5 13.9 15.8 33.3 15.0 
===============================================================================================================================

FISCAL FISCAL 
 1997 1997 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER 
 SHARE AMOUNTS) 2ND QUARTER 1ST QUARTER 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
INCOME STATEMENT DATA (10) 
 net sales 105,204 90,529 
 cost of sales 86,082 74,609 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 gross profit 19,122 15,920 
 SG & A expenses 11,704 10,864 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 income from operations 7,913 5,056 
 interest expense 1,242 1,182 
 interest income (60) (57) 
 other expense 301 395 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 income before income taxes 5,935 3,536 
 income taxes 2,225 1,326 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 net income 3,710 2,210 
====================================================================== 
 EBITDA (6) 10,540 8,003 
 depreciation 3,177 3,144 
 cash dividends 367 368 
====================================================================== 
 weighted average shares outstanding 11,312 11,297 
 weighted average shares outstanding, 
 assuming dilution 11,608 11,592 
====================================================================== 
PER SHARE DATA (10) 
 net income (9) 0.33 0.20 
 net income, assuming dilution (9) 0.32 0.19 
 cash dividends 0.0325 0.0325 
 book value 7.66 7.37 
====================================================================== 
BALANCE SHEET DATA (10) 
 working capital 57,230 53,635 
 property, plant and equipment, net 80,316 78,292 
 total assets 219,527 208,283 
 capital expenditures 5,201 4,475 
 long-term debt 72,891 70,916 
 funded debt (1) 74,612 72,772 
 shareholders' equity 86,835 83,356 
 capital employed (7) 161,447 156,128 
====================================================================== 
RATIOS & OTHER DATA (10) 
 gross profit margin 18.2 17.6 
 operating income margin 7.1 5.6 
 net income margin 3.5 2.4 
 EBITDA margin 10.0 8.8 
 effective income tax rate 37.5 37.5 
 funded debt-to-total capital ratio (1) 46.2 46.6 
 working capital turnover 5.4 5.4 
 days sales in receivables 45 43 
 inventory turnover 6.6 6.0 
====================================================================== 
STOCK DATA 
 stock price 
 high 14.38 14.25 
 low 11.75 11.50 
 close 13.75 12.25 
 P/E ratio (2) 
 high 13.0 13.6 
 low 10.6 11.0 
 daily average trading volume (shares) (8) 8.8 21.3 
====================================================================== 

(1) FUNDED DEBT INCLUDES LONG- AND SHORT-TERM DEBT, LESS RESTRICTED
 INVESTMENTS.
(2) P/E RATIOS BASED ON TRAILING 12-MONTH NET INCOME PER SHARE.
(3) SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA ADJUSTED FOR STOCK SPLITS, EXCEPT FOR TRADING
 VOLUME.
(4) ROSSVILLE/CHROMATEX INCLUDED IN CONSOLIDATED RESULTS FROM ITS NOVEMBER 1,
 1993 ACQUISITION BY CULP.
(5) RAYONESE INCLUDED IN CONSOLIDATED RESULTS FROM ITS MARCH 6, 1995
 ACQUISITION BY CULP.
(6) EBITDA REPRESENTS EARNINGS BEFORE INTEREST, INCOME TAXES, DEPRECIATION AND
 AMORTIZATION.
(7) CAPITAL EMPLOYED INCLUDES FUNDED DEBT AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY.
(8) CULP'S COMMON SHARES WERE LISTED ON THE NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE ON DECEMBER
 31, 1996.
(9) NET INCOME PER SHARE DATA PRESENTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SFAS NO. 128 WHICH
 WAS ADOPTED IN 1998.
(10) PHILLIPS, WETUMPKA AND ARTEE INCLUDED IN CONSOLIDATED RESULTS FROM THEIR
 AUGUST 5, 1997, DECEMBER 30, 1997 AND FEBRUARY 2, 1998 ACQUISITIONS BY
 CULP, RESPECTIVELY.

27

Selected Annual Data

PERCENT FIVE-YEAR
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER FISCAL FISCAL FISCAL FISCAL FISCAL CHANGE GROWTH
 SHARE AMOUNTS) 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1998/1997 RATE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
INCOME STATEMENT DATA (4) (5) (10)
 net sales 476,715 398,879 351,667 308,026 245,049 19.5 18.9 
 cost of sales 393,154 326,394 289,129 253,345 202,426 20.5 18.5
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 gross profit 83,561 72,485 62,538 54,681 42,623 15.3 21.0
 S G & A expenses 52,987 45,058 39,068 33,432 27,858 17.6 17.0
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 income from operations 30,574 27,427 23,470 21,249 14,765 11.5 30.8
 interest expense 7,117 4,671 5,316 4,715 2,515 52.4 38.3
 interest income (304) (280) (92) (64) (79) 8.6 60.0
 other expense 1,912 1,521 956 1,082 350 25.73 53.2
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 income before income taxes 21,849 21,515 17,290 15,516 11,979 1.6 27.1
 income taxes 6,336 7,745 6,310 5,741 4,314 (18.2) 24.7
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 net income 15,513 13,770 10,980 9,775 7,665 12.7 28.1
===================================================================================================================================
 EBITDA (6) 44,841 39,404 35,610 32,052 23,256 13.8 24.6
 depreciation 14,808 12,688 12,348 11,257 8,497 16.7 17.1
 cash dividends 1,786 1,513 1,236 1,120 887 18.0 20.7
===================================================================================================================================
 weighted average shares outstanding 12,744 11,624 11,234 11,203 11,076 9.6 3.2
 weighted average shares outstanding,
 assuming dilution 13,042 11,929 11,886 11,461 11,344 9.3 3.3
===================================================================================================================================
PER SHARE DATA (3) (4) (5) (10)
 net income (9) 1.22 1.18 0.98 0.87 0.69 3.4 24.4 
 net income, assuming dilution (9) 1.19 1.15 0.94 0.86 0.68 3.5 23.8
 cash dividends 0.14 0.13 0.11 0.10 0.08 7.7 16.9
 book value 10.11 8.79 7.21 6.37 5.60 15.0 15.1
===================================================================================================================================
BALANCE SHEET DATA (4) (5) (10)
 working capital 102,730 69,777 56,953 38,612 37,949 47.2 24.1 
 property, plant and equipment, net 128,805 91,231 76,961 75,8056 4,004 41.2 23.7
 total assets 354,815 243,952 211,644 194,999 164,948 45.4 27.2
 capital expenditures 35,879 26,958 14,385 18,058 16,764 33.1 24.6
 businesses acquired 58,816 0 0 10,455 38,205 100.0 100.0
 long-term debt 152,312 76,541 74,941 62,187 58,512 99.0 45.8
 funded debt (1) 151,616 65,623 76,791 72,947 58,639 131.0 41.7
 shareholders' equity 131,519 110,789 81,446 71,396 62,649 18.7 19.3
 capital employed (7) 283,135 176,412 158,237 144,343 121,288 60.5 28.4
===================================================================================================================================
RATIOS & OTHER DATA (4) (5) (10)
 gross profit margin 17.5 18.2 17.8 17.8 17.4 
 operating income margin 6.4 6.9 6.7 6.9 6.0
 net income margin 3.3 3.5 3.1 3.2 3.1
 EBITDA margin 9.4 9.9 10.1 10.4 9.5
 effective income tax rate 29.0 36.0 36.5 37.0 36.0
 funded debt-to-total capital ratio (1) 53.5 37.2 48.5 50.5 48.3
 return on average total capital 8.4 10.1 9.5 9.6 9.2
 return on average equity 13.0 15.2 14.4 14.6 13.1
 working capital turnover 4.7 5.3 5.3 5.6 5.7
 days sales in receivables 49 49 46 47 43
 inventory turnover 5.8 6.4 6.0 6.0 6.3
===================================================================================================================================
STOCK DATA (3)
 stock price
 high 22.19 19.63 13.25 12.50 17.33
 low 16.50 11.50 7.75 7.25 5.67
 close 18.88 16.63 13.00 9.75 11.63
 P/E ratio (2)
 high 18.2 16.6 13.5 14.3 25.1
 low 13.5 9.7 7.9 8.3 8.2
 daily average trading volume (shares) (8) 16.0 19.7 19.3 39.7 43.7
===================================================================================================================================

(1) - (10) SEE SELECTED QUARTERLY DATA TABLE FOOTNOTE

28

Report of Independent Auditors

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Culp, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Culp, Inc. and
subsidiary as of May 3, 1998 and April 27, 1997, and the related consolidated
statements of income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years
in the three-year period ended May 3, 1998. These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits.
 We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Culp, Inc.
and subsidiary as of May 3, 1998 and April 27, 1997, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended May 3, 1998, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

/s/ KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP
Greensboro, North Carolina
June 3, 1998

Management's Responsibility

 The management of Culp, Inc. is responsible for the accuracy and consistency
of all the information contained in this Annual Report, including the financial
statements. These statements have been prepared to conform with generally
accepted accounting principles. The preparation of financial statements and
related data involves estimates and the use of judgment.
 Culp, Inc. maintains internal accounting controls designed to provide
reasonable assurance that the financial records are accurate, that the assets of
the company are safeguarded, and that the financial statements present fairly
the financial position and results of operations of the company.
 KPMG Peat Marwick LLP, the company's independent auditors, conducts an audit
in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and provides an opinion
on the financial statements prepared by management. Their report for 1998 is
presented above.
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors reviews the scope of the audit
and the findings of the independent auditors. The internal auditor and the
independent auditors meet with the Audit Committee to discuss audit and
financial reporting issues. The Committee also reviews the company's principal
accounting policies, significant internal accounting controls, the Annual Report
and annual SEC filings (Form 10-K and Proxy Statement).

/s/ Robert G. Culp, III
Robert G. Culp, III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Phillip W. Wilson
Phillip W. Wilson
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
June 3, 1998

shareholder information

Corporate Address
101 South Main Street
Post Office Box 2686
High Point, NC 27261

Telephone: (336) 889-5161
Fax: (336) 887-7089
Internet: www.culpinc.com

Registrar and Transfer Agent
Wachovia Bank of North Carolina, N.A.
Winston-Salem, NC 27102
(800) 633-4236

Written shareholder correspondence
should be sent to:
 Wachovia Shareholder Services
 P.O. Box 8218
 Boston, MA 02266-8218

Transfers should be sent to:
 Wachovia Shareholder Services
 P.O. Box 8217
 Boston, MA 02266-8217

Auditors
KPMG Peat Marwick LLP
Greensboro, NC 27401

Legal Counsel
Robinson, Bradshaw & Hinson, PA
Charlotte, NC 28246

Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports/Investor Contact
The Form 10-K Annual Report of Culp, Inc., as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, is available without charge to shareholders upon written
request. Shareholders may also obtain copies of the corporate news releases
issued in conjunction with the company's quarterly results. These requests and
other investor contacts should be directed to Kathy Hardy at the corporate
address.

NYSE Symbol
The Company's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol CFI.

Analyst Coverage
These analysts cover Culp, Inc.:
C.L. King & Associates - Tom Lewis
Interstate/Johnson Lane - Kay Norwood, CFA
Raymond, James & Associates - Budd Bugatch, CFA
Robinson-Humphrey Co., Inc. - Lorraine Miller, CFA
Wheat First Securities, Inc. - John Baugh, CFA
Value Line, Inc. - Noah Goldner

Stock Listing
Culp, Inc. common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol CFI. As of May 3, 1998, Culp, Inc. had approximately 2,900 shareholders
based on the number of holders of record and an estimate of the number of
individual participants represented by security position listings.

Annual Meeting
Shareholders are cordially invited to attend the annual meeting to be held
Tuesday, September 15, 1998 at the Radisson Hotel; 135 South Main Street; High
Point, North Carolina.

(logo)
Culp, Inc.
101 South Main Street
Post Office Box 2686
High Point, NC 27261
(336) 889-5161
Internet: www.culpinc.com

</EX-13>

<EX-22>
 4
 EXHIBIT 22

EXHIBIT 22

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF CULP, INC.
- ----------------------------------

Culp International, Inc.
Incorporated in Virgin Islands

3096726 Canada Inc.
Incorporated under laws of Canada

Rayonese Textile Inc.
Incorporated under laws of Canada

</EX-22>

<EX-24>
 5
 EXHIBIT 24(A)

Exhibit 24(a)

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
 -------------------------------

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Culp, Inc.:

We consent to incorporation by reference in the registration statement numbers
333-27519, 33-13310, 33-37027, 33-80206 and 33-62843 on Form S-8 of Culp, Inc.
of our report dated June 3, 1998, relating to the consolidated balance sheets of
Culp, Inc. and subsidiary as of May 3, 1998 and April 28, 1997, and the related
consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each
of the years in the three-year period ended May 3, 1998, which report is
incorporated by reference in the May 3, 1998 annual report on Form 10-K of Culp,
Inc.

KPMG Peat Marwick LLP

Greensboro, North Carolina
July 29, 1998

</EX-24>

<EX-25>
 6
 EXHIBIT 25(A)

Exhibit 25(a)

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of CULP,
INC., a North Carolina corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints PHILLIP W.
WILSON the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact to sign for the
undersigned as a director of the Corporation the Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended May 3, 1998 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D. C., under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and to sign any amendment or amendments to such Annual Report,
hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agent and
attorney-in-fact, as herein authorized.

/s/ Harry R. Culp
 _________________
 Harry R. Culp

Date: July 6, 1998

</EX-25>

<EX-25>
 7
 EXHIBIT 25(B)

Exhibit 25(b)

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of CULP,
INC., a North Carolina corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints PHILLIP W.
WILSON the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact to sign for the
undersigned as a director of the Corporation the Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended May 3, 1998 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D. C., under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and to sign any amendment or amendments to such Annual Report,
hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agent and
attorney-in-fact, as herein authorized.

/s/ Howard L. Dunn, Jr.
 ___________________
 Howard L. Dunn, Jr.

Date: July 6, 1998

</EX-25>

<EX-25>
 8
 EXHIBIT 25(C)

Exhibit 25(c)

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of CULP,
INC., a North Carolina corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints PHILLIP W.
WILSON the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact to sign for the
undersigned as a director of the Corporation the Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended May 3, 1998 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D. C., under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and to sign any amendment or amendments to such Annual Report,
hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agent and
attorney-in-fact, as herein authorized.

/s/ Robert T. Davis
 ___________________
 Robert T. Davis

Date: July 6, 1998

</EX-25>

<EX-25>
 9
 EXHIBIT 25(D)

Exhibit 25(d)

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of CULP,
INC., a North Carolina corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints PHILLIP W.
WILSON the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact to sign for the
undersigned as a director of the Corporation the Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended May 3, 1998 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D. C., under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and to sign any amendment or amendments to such Annual Report,
hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agent and
attorney-in-fact, as herein authorized.

/s/ Earl M. Honeycutt
 _____________________
 Earl M. Honeycutt

Date: July 3, 1998

</EX-25>

<EX-25>
 10
 EXHIBIT 25(E)

Exhibit 25(e)

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of CULP,
INC., a North Carolina corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints PHILLIP W.
WILSON the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact to sign for the
undersigned as a director of the Corporation the Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended May 3, 1998 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D. C., under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and to sign any amendment or amendments to such Annual Report,
hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agent and
attorney-in-fact, as herein authorized.

/s/ Patrick H. Norton
 _____________________
 Patrick H. Norton

Date: July 6, 1998

</EX-25>

<EX-25>
 11
 EXHIBIT 25(F)

Exhibit 25(f)

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of CULP,
INC., a North Carolina corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints PHILLIP W.
WILSON the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact to sign for the
undersigned as a director of the Corporation the Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended May 3, 1998 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D. C., under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and to sign any amendment or amendments to such Annual Report,
hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agent and
attorney-in-fact, as herein authorized.

/s/ Earl N. Phillips, Jr.
 _________________________
 Earl N. Phillips, Jr.

Date: July 5, 1998

</EX-25>

<EX-25>
 12
 EXHIBIT 25(G)

Exhibit 25(g)

 POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of CULP,
INC., a North Carolina corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints PHILLIP W.
WILSON the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact to sign for the
undersigned as a director of the Corporation the Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended May 3, 1998 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D. C., under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and to sign any amendment or amendments to such Annual Report,
hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agent and
attorney-in-fact, as herein authorized.

/s/ Bland W. Worley
 ___________________
 Bland W. Worley

Date: July 8, 1998

</EX-25>

<EX-25>
 13
 EXHIBIT 25(H)

Exhibit 25(h)

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of CULP,
INC., a North Carolina corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints PHILLIP W.
WILSON the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact to sign for the
undersigned as a director of the Corporation the Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended May 3, 1998 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D. C., under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and to sign any amendment or amendments to such Annual Report,
hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agent and
attorney-in-fact, as herein authorized.

/s/ Franklin N. Saxon
 _____________________
 Franklin N. Saxon

Date: July 8, 1998

</EX-25>

<EX-27>
 14
 FDS -- CULP, INC.

5
 0000723603
 Culp, Inc.
 1000

12-MOS
 MAY-03-1998
 APR-28-1997
 MAY-03-1998
 2,312
 0
 75,695
 (1,922)
 78,594
 162,487
 224,534
 (95,729)
 354,815
 59,757
 0
 0
 0
 650
 130,869
 354,815
 476,715
 476,715
 393,154
 393,154
 52,987
 0
 7,117
 21,849
 6,336
 15,513
 0
 0
 0
 15,513
 1.22
 1.19

</EX-27>

