<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>19980928_10-K_edgar_data_1009405_0001009405-98-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>194778</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>26903</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>164313</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001009405-98-000003.hdr.sgml : 19980930
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001009405-98-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19980630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19980928
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BONE CARE INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001009405
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				391527471
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27854
		FILM NUMBER:		98716713

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE SCIENCE CT
		CITY:			MADISON
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53711
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6082742663

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		313 WEST BELTLINE HIGHWAY
		CITY:			MADISON
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53713

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Kh0Ffv9uMxLY+JHB7x0zkJGRL+/XAdG6ofDOlAflhl1xn+4PFKTbjDS2vh7ZTZTr
 9ArS0DZ/gV9ZEosvNu6i6g==

 0001009405-98-000003.txt : 19980930

10-K
 1
 ANNUAL REPORT FOR YEAR ENDING 06/30/98

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 Washington, D.C. 20549
 _______________________

 FORM 10-K
 FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d)
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

(Mark one)
/x/ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934
 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1998
 OR
/ / TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 For the Transition Period from __________ to __________

 Commission file number 0-27854

 Bone Care International, Inc. 
 ------------------------------ 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 Wisconsin 39-1527471 
 ----------------- ----------------
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (IRS Employer
 incorporation or organization) Identification No.)

 One Science Court 
 Madison, Wisconsin 53711 
 --------------------- ---------------
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (608) 236-2500
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

 Common Stock, without par value
 Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 
 -----------------------------------
 (Title of class)

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

 Yes /X/ No / /

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

 As of September 23, 1998, there were issued and outstanding 10,135,956
shares of Common Stock. The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by nonaffiliates of the registrant was
 61,445,312 as of September 23, 1998, assuming solely for purposes of this
calculation that all directors and executive officers of the Registrant are
"affiliates". This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a
conclusive determination for other purposes.

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of Bone Care International, Inc. Proxy Statement for its 1998
Shareholders Meeting to be held on November 13, 1998 (Part III).

BONE CARE INTERNATIONAL, Inc. 

 INDEX TO
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
 For Year Ended June 30, 1998

 Page
Part I ----
Item 1 Business . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
Item 2 Properties. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Item 3 Legal Proceedings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Item 4 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders . 21
Part II
Item 5 Market for Registrant's Common Equity and
 Related Stockholder Matters . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Item 6 Selected Financial Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations . . . . . . . . . 23
Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
 Market Risk . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . . . . . 26
Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
 Accounting and Financial Disclosure . . . . . . . . . 38
Part III
Item 10 Directors and Executive Officers
 of the Registrant . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Item 11 Executive Compensation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain
 Beneficial Owners and Management. . . . . . . . . . . 39
Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. . . . 39
Part IV
Item 14 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules,
 and Reports on Form 8-K . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and
 Financial Statement Schedule . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40

Signatures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41

Index to Exhibits. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42

 PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS
 -------- 
General
- -------
 Bone Care International, Inc. (Bone Care or Company) is a leader in
the discovery and development of improved vitamin D-hormone (D-hormone)
therapies. D-hormones have a key role in secondary hyperparathyroidism
leading to metabolic bone diseases in several patient populations,
including end stage renal disease (ESRD), pre-dialysis, and osteoporosis
patients. D-hormones also have a role in certain hyperproliferative
diseases, including prostate, breast, and colon cancers, and psoriasis.
In March 1998, the Company filed a New Drug Application (NDA) with the
United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for an oral formulation
of its lead product candidate, one-alpha D2 (Hectorol(trademark)), a
synthetic D-hormone analog for the treatment of secondary
hyperparathyroidism associated with ESRD. The Company filed the NDA
based primarily on the results of two pivotal Phase 3 trials which were
completed in August 1997 and involved 138 patients at 17 study centers
in the United States. In these trials, an oral formulation of
Hectorol(trademark) effectively controlled moderate to severe secondary
hyperparathyroidism with no clinically important side effects in ESRD
patients undergoing hemodialysis.

 In February 1998, the Company completed two pivotal Phase 3 trials
with an intravenous formulation of Hectorol(trademark) for the treatment
of secondary hyperparathyroidism associated with ESRD. Data from these
trials are consistent with the results obtained from the completed Phase
3 trials for an oral formulation of Hectorol(trademark). The Company
intends to submit an NDA to the FDA for this intravenous formulation of
Hectorol(trademark)in October 1998. The Company is currently recruiting
and enrolling patients for two pivotal Phase 3 trials of a second oral
formulation of Hectorol(trademark) for the treatment of secondary
hyperparathyroidism in pre-dialysis patients. The Company is also
planning to conduct Phase 2 trials for the use of an oral formulation of
Hectorol(trademark) for the treatment of osteoporosis associated with
secondary hyperparathyroidism.

 Secondary hyperparathyroidism is a chronic disease where the
parathyroid glands secrete excessive quantities of parathyroid hormone
(PTH) in response to reduced kidney function or kidney failure.
Secondary hyperparathyroidism, if left untreated, leads to debilitating
metabolic bone diseases, including osteoporosis, osteomalacia, rickets
and renal osteodystrophy, as well as increased risk of fractures and
severe bone pain. Moderate to severe secondary hyperparathyroidism is
associated with advanced renal insufficiency and ESRD found in pre-
dialysis and dialysis patients. Mild secondary hyperparathyroidism is
associated with modest reductions in renal function often found in
osteoporosis patients. According to the United States Health Care
Financing Administration (HCFA), in 1997, there were approximately
230,000 ESRD patients in the United States. In addition, based on
published reports, the Company estimates that in the United States in
1997 there were at least 600,000 pre-dialysis patients and at least
2,000,000 patients with osteoporosis associated with secondary
hyperparathyroidism.

 Based on the role of D-hormones in controlling cellular growth and
differentiation, the Company is also developing D-hormone therapies to
treat certain hyperproliferative diseases. The Company is currently
completing a Phase 1 trial of an oral formulation of Hectorol(trademark)
to treat terminal prostate cancer. The Company is also investigating
the use of other D-hormones and analogs for the treatment of prostate,
breast and colon cancers, and psoriasis.

 Although currently marketed D-hormone therapies have demonstrated
efficacy in treating secondary hyperparathyroidism and certain
hyperproliferative diseases, the systemic (oral or intravenous)
administration of those products frequently produces toxic side effects
at doses required for therapeutic effect. As a result, the widespread
and effective use of systemic D-hormone therapies has been limited.
Through the Company's collaborations with D-hormone research
institutions, as well as its internal research and development efforts,
the Company has developed substantial expertise in the area of D-hormone
chemistry and biochemistry. The Company has leveraged that expertise to
develop a portfolio of D-hormones and analogs which the Company believes
possess improved safety and efficacy profiles compared to existing D-
hormone therapies.

Scientific Overview
- -------------------
 D-hormones have important roles in parathyroid function, calcium and
phosphorus metabolism, and cellular growth and differentiation. D-
hormones are produced in biological processes primarily involving
vitamin D3 or vitamin D2. Vitamin D3 is produced in human skin during
exposure to sunlight. Vitamin D2 is produced in plants during exposure
to sunlight and is available through dietary sources. Vitamins D3 and
D2 (collectively - vitamin D) are metabolized into three different D-
hormones in two sequential steps involving the liver and then the
kidneys. Vitamin D3 is metabolized into the D-hormone one-alpha,25-
dihydroxyvitamin D3 (calcitriol). Vitamin D2 is metabolized into the two
D-hormones, one-alpha,25-dihydroxyvitamin D2 and one-alpha,24-
dihydroxyvitamin D2. In diseased or aged kidneys, sufficient quantities
of D-hormones often cannot be produced.

 Production of D-hormones by the kidneys is stimulated by PTH, which
is secreted into the bloodstream by the parathyroid glands. D-hormone
receptors located in the parathyroid glands monitor blood levels of D-
hormones. The parathyroid glands increase PTH secretion markedly when
blood levels of D-hormones are low and decrease PTH secretion as blood
levels of D-hormones rise. After secretion from the parathyroid glands,
PTH circulates in the blood to the kidneys where it activates an enzyme
which produces D-hormones.

 D-hormones increase blood levels of calcium and phosphorus, the key
components of bone, by stimulating the small intestine to absorb these
minerals from ingested food and by stimulating the kidneys to reabsorb
calcium from urine. D-hormones also stimulate osteoblasts (bone-
building cells) to increase the deposition of calcium and phosphorous in
bone. When blood levels of D-hormones are low, intestinal absorption of
calcium and phosphorus and kidney reabsorption of calcium are reduced,
leading to hypocalcemia (low blood calcium). Bone formation is also
reduced. PTH normalizes blood levels of calcium and phosphorus and bone
formation by stimulating the increase of D-hormone production. However,
when D-hormone production is insufficient, as in renal disease, PTH
normalizes blood calcium and phosphorus by causing the release of
calcium and phosphorus from bone into the blood.

 In progressive renal disease, the kidneys become unable to produce
sufficient quantities of D-hormones, leading to secondary
hyperparathyroidism and associated bone disease. Secondary
hyperparathyroidism is a chronic disease in which the parathyroid glands
secrete excessive quantities of PTH. Elevated blood levels of PTH lead
to excessive release of calcium and phosphorus from bones, causing
debilitating metabolic bone diseases, such as osteoporosis,
osteomalacia, rickets and renal osteodystrophy. A recent published
report concluded that, compared to the general population, the risk of
hip fracture is 3.5 times higher in the United States population of ESRD
patients. Secondary hyperparathyroidism and associated bone disease can
be controlled, and possibly prevented or reversed, by D-hormone
replacement therapy.

 In addition to having a role in parathyroid function, D-hormones have
a role in controlling the normal growth and differentiation of skin,
prostate, breast, and colon cells, all of which contain D-hormone
receptors. Psoriasis, a condition in which skin cells grow too rapidly
and remain immature (undifferentiated), can be effectively managed with
topical D-hormone therapy. Likewise, clinical and preclinical research
suggests that the uncontrolled cell growth in prostate, breast and colon
cancers can be managed by D-hormone therapy.

 Calcitriol is approved for systemic treatment of secondary
hyperparathyroidism associated with ESRD and/or metabolic bone diseases
in the United States and Europe. Paracalcitol is approved for systemic
treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism associated with ESRD in the
United States. Alfacalcidol, a synthetic analog of calcitriol, is
approved for oral treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism associated
with ESRD and/or metabolic bone diseases in Europe. Calcitriol and two
synthetic analogs, tacalcitol and calcipotriol, are approved in Europe
for the topical treatment of psoriasis. In addition, calcipotriol has
been approved for topical treatment of psoriasis in the United States.

 Although currently marketed D-hormone therapies have demonstrated
efficacy, systemically administered D-hormone therapies frequently
cause toxic side effects at doses required for therapeutic effects. The
principal side effects observed are hypercalcemia (high blood calcium),
hyperphosphatemia (high blood phoshorus), and hypercalciuria (high urine
calcium), all of which are caused by excessive intestinal absorption of
calcium and phosphorus. The most serious of these side effects is
hypercalcemia, which increases the risk of calcification of soft
tissues, including the heart, arteries, and kidneys, and can cause
cardiac arrest. In addition, hypercalcemia can lead to other
complications including gastrointestinal problems and mental disorders
including depression. Hyperphosphatemia directly stimulates secretion
of PTH, thereby exacerbating secondary hyperparathyroidism.
Hypercalciuria can increase the risk of calcification of the kidneys and
the formation of kidney stones, and can hasten kidney failure. In order
to control these side effects, patients often must be temporarily or
permanently withdrawn from current D-hormone therapies. As a result of
these side effects, the widespread and effective use of currently
marketed oral or intravenous D-hormone therapies has been limited.

Products Under Development
- --------------------------
 The Company is developing D-hormone therapies which the Company
believes have improved safety and efficacy profiles. The following
table summarizes the Company's product candidates by indication and
development status. 

INDICATION PRODUCT CANDIDATE DEVELOPMENT STATUS(1) 
- ---------- ----------------- ---------------------

Secondary Hyperparathyroidism
- -----------------------------
 ESRD Hectorol(trademark) (oral) NDA filed March
 1998

 Hectorol(trademark) (intravenous) Phase3. 
 completed

 Pre-dialysis Hectorol(trademark) (oral) Phase 3

 Osteoporosis Hectorol(trademark) (oral) Phase 2

Hyperproliferative Diseases
- ---------------------------
 Advanced
 Prostate
 Cancer Hectorol(trademark) (oral) Phase 1
 
 Advanced
 Prostate,
 Breast and
 Colon Cancers LR-103 (oral) Preclinical

 Psoriasis Lead compound (oral) Research
 ............................... 
(1) "Research" indicates discovery and initial synthetic chemistry.
 "Preclinical" indicates formulation, pharmacology and toxicity
testing in animals.
 "Phase 1" indicates initial clinical testing in humans to establish
 safety.
 "Phase 2" indicates further clinical testing in humans to establish
 efficacy.
 "Phase 3" indicates pivotal, well-controlled clinical testing to
 establish safety and efficacy.

Secondary Hyperparathyroidism
- -----------------------------
 Overview

 Hyperparathyroidism refers to conditions in which the parathyroid
glands secrete excessive quantities of PTH into the bloodstream. In
primary hyperparathyroidism, one or more of the four parathyroid glands
fails to properly regulate PTH secretion, usually due to one or more
tumors in the glands. In secondary hyperparathyroidism, the parathyroid
glands secrete excessive quantities of PTH in response to reduced kidney
function or kidney failure. Mild secondary hyperparathyroidism is
associated with modest reductions in renal function and contributes to
osteoporosis. Moderate to severe secondary hyperparathyroidism is
associated with advanced renal insufficiency and ESRD which are found in
pre-dialysis and dialysis patients.

Hectorol(trademark) for Secondary Hyperparathyroidism Associated with ESRD
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 The Company is developing oral and intravenous formulations of
Hectorol(trademark) as treatments for secondary hyperparathyroidism
associated with ESRD. Hectorol(trademark) is a synthetic D-hormone
analog derived from vitamin D2. After oral or intravenous
administration, Hectorol(trademark) is metabolized by the liver into the
two D-hormones naturally produced from vitamin D2, without being
metabolized by the kidneys. Based on data obtained from its clinical
trials, the Company believes that Hectorol(trademark) is as active as
currently marketed D-hormone replacement therapies and has an improved
safety profile. The Company believes that the improved safety profile
of Hectorol(trademark) enables it to be more consistently administered
to patients at higher doses than currently marketed D-hormone
replacement therapies, resulting in improved control of secondary
hyperparathyroidism.

 Secondary hyperparathyroidism is most severe in patients with ESRD.
According to HCFA, there were approximately 230,000 ESRD patients in the
United States at the end of 1997. This patient population, sustained
primarily by renal dialysis, increased by approximately 7 in 1997. In
ESRD there is extensive, irreversible loss of cells of the proximal
nephron, the site in the kidneys where D-hormones are produced.
Impaired production of D-hormones leads to low blood levels of D-
hormones. Low blood levels of D-hormones cause the small intestine to
absorb less dietary calcium and the kidneys to reabsorb less calcium
from urine, often resulting in hypocalcemia. Low blood levels of D-
hormones also decrease osteoblastic activity, causing reduced bone
formation. The parathyroid glands respond to low blood levels of D-
hormones and calcium by secreting PTH into the bloodstream. Ordinarily,
PTH stimulates production of D-hormones by the kidneys. However, in
ESRD the kidneys cannot respond to PTH stimulation. Without increased
D-hormone production, the parathyroid glands secrete escalating
quantities of PTH. Chronically elevated and rising blood levels of PTH
stimulate a prolonged release of calcium and phosphorus from bone,
leading to debilitating metabolic bone diseases, including osteoporosis,
osteomalacia, rickets and renal osteodystrophy. Advanced bone disease
is associated with an increased risk of fracture and is often
accompanied by severe bone pain, most commonly arising in the lower
back, hips, legs and joints.

 Moderate to severe secondary hyperparathyroidism is exacerbated by
hyperphosphatemia. Phosphorus derived from dietary sources (principally
meat and dairy products) accumulates in the blood due to its
insufficient elimination by dysfunctional kidneys. Excessive blood
phosphorus directly inhibits the production of D-hormones and stimulates
the parathyroid glands to secrete PTH. To control or reduce blood
phosphorus, nephrologists routinely encourage their patients to adhere
to low phosphorus diets and to ingest calcium carbonate or calcium
acetate tablets with meals. These calcium preparations bind dietary
phosphorus, reducing its absorption by the intestine and thereby helping
to lower blood phosphorus levels. Calcium-based phosphate binders,
however, promote hypercalcemia in patients receiving D-hormone
replacement therapies.

 D-hormone replacement is standard therapy for secondary
hyperparathyroidism associated with ESRD. The goals of D-hormone
replacement therapy are (1) to normalize blood calcium levels, (2) to
control (normalize or reduce) blood PTH levels and (3) to treat or
prevent metabolic bone diseases. Treating and preventing metabolic bone
diseases is increasingly important as improvements in kidney dialysis
increase the life expectancy of ESRD patients. D-hormone replacement
therapies currently marketed in the United States and Europe for the
treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism associated with ESRD are
Rocaltrol(trademark) (oral calcitriol), Calcijex(trademark) (intravenous
calcitriol) and Zemplar(trademark) (intravenous paracalcitol). The
Company estimates that total sales of these products in the United
States in 1997 were approximately 155 million. Alfacalcidol, an oral
synthetic analog of calcitriol, is marketed under numerous brand names
in Europe.

 Oral and intravenous calcitriol and oral alfacalcidol have limited
effectiveness for treating secondary hyperparathyroidism associated with
ESRD because they frequently cause toxic side effects (hypercalcemia and
hyperphosphatemia) at doses required for therapeutic effect. Episodes
of hypercalcemia and/or hyperphosphatemia are unpredictable and force
temporary or permanent interruptions in therapy, resulting in less
effective control of PTH secretion. Furthermore, in an effort to
control blood phosphorus and reduce episodes of hyperphosphatemia,
calcium-based phosphate binders are often administered at higher doses.
However, calcitriol and alfacalcidol greatly stimulate intestinal
absorption of calcium derived from those binders, increasing blood
calcium levels and the frequency of episodes of hypercalcemia. In an
attempt to mitigate the negative effects of calcium-based binders,
nephrologists temporarily switch their patients from calcium-based
binders to aluminum-based binders. However, aluminum from these
alternate binders is readily absorbed through the intestine and
accumulates in bone, potentially causing low turnover bone disease.
When calcitriol and alfacalcidol are administered in lower, less toxic
doses, their effectiveness in controlling secondary hyperparathyroidism
decreases. Removal of the parathyroid glands is standard treatment for
patients with severe secondary hyperparathyroidism whose disease cannot
be managed with D-hormone replacement therapy. However, removal of the
parathyroid glands does not cure existing metabolic bone disease or the
underlying deficiency of D-hormones.

 The Company is developing oral and intravenous formulations of
Hectorol(trademark) as treatments for secondary hyperparathyroidism
associated with ESRD. The oral product is a soft gelatin capsule
designed to be administered by medical professionals to hemodialysis
patients in the clinic, or self-administered daily by peritoneal
dialysis patients at home. The Company's intravenous product is a
sterile aqueous solution designed to be administered to patients only at
hemodialysis. The Company is developing the oral formulation in advance
of the intravenous formulation based primarily on the Company's
expectation that the current fee-for-service reimbursement plan, which
favors the use of an intravenous formulation of Hectorol(trademark),
will be replaced with a capitated reimbursement plan which favors the
less costly oral formulation of Hectorol(trademark). Further, the
Company is developing an oral formulation of Hectorol(trademark) to
treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in pre-dialysis and osteoporosis
patients where intravenous therapy is inappropriate.

Oral Hectorol(trademark)for Secondary Hyperparathyroidism Associated with ESRD.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 In November 1997, the Company announced results from its two pivotal
Phase 3 trials with an oral formulation of Hectorol(trademark) for the
treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism associated with ESRD. The
trials, which were completed in August 1997, involved 138 patients at 17
study centers in the United States. Each trial consisted of an 8-week
washout period, followed sequentially by a 16-week period in which
patients received open-label treatment with oral Hectorol(trademark) at
hemodialysis, and an 8-week period in which the patients were assigned
in random, double-blinded fashion, to continued treatment with either
oral Hectorol(trademark) or placebo. The study endpoint for efficacy
was the observed change in blood PTH levels from post-washout baseline
to the end of each treatment period. Endpoints for safety were the
corresponding changes in blood levels of calcium and phosphorus. A
total of 138 patients began treatment with oral Hectorol(trademark), of
whom 110 completed the full 24 weeks of treatment. Dosages were
individually titrated with patients initially receiving 10 mcg per
hemodialysis and thereafter between 0 mcg and 20 mcg per dose three
times per week. After 16 weeks of open-label treatment, observed blood
PTH reductions exceeded 50 in both trials and were clinically and
statistically significant (p 

<EX-23>
 2
 CONSENT OF KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP

Exhibit 23

CONSENT OF KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP

The Board of Directors
Bone Care International, Inc.

We consent to incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No.
333-23885) on Form S-8 of Bone Care International, Inc. of our report dated
July 31, 1998, relating to the consolidated balance sheets of Bone Care
International, Inc. and subsidiary as of June 30, 1998 and 1997, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 1998, which
report appears in the 1998 annual report on Form 10-K of Bone Care
International, Inc.

KPMG Peat Marwick LLP
Chicago, Illinois
September 25, 1998

</EX-23>

<EX-27>
 3
 ARTICLE 5 FDS FOR 10-K

5
 THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED
 FROM FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1998 AND IS QUALIFIED
 IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
 1,000
 YEAR
 JUN-30-1998
 JUN-30-1998
 3,484
 0
 0
 0
 230
 3,764
 620
 310
 5,813
 691
 0
 11,394
 0
 0
 (6,272)
 5,813
 0
 0
 0
 4,830
 0
 0
 0
 (4,490)
 0
 (4,490)
 0
 0
 0
 (4,490)
 (.51)
 (.51)

</EX-27>

