<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20000330_10-K_edgar_data_1015126_0000950133-00-001269.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1092293</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>702630</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>273474</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950133-00-001269.hdr.sgml : 20000331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950133-00-001269
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19991231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20000330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001015126
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				911738221
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22939
		FILM NUMBER:		586461

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1505 FARM CREDIT DR
		CITY:			MCLEAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7035472000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1505 FARM CREDIT DR
		CITY:			MCLEAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Jg66VKi1Ek/cWe49fEHIzzBExPFM4wgnvP14TTkLK07/N525ZcgYKNuSaYglZWUE
 GKcDEFILMhUS15CR7WiKzA==

 0000950133-00-001269.txt : 20000331

10-K
 1
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

[X] 
	 
	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
	SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 

Commission File No. 000-22939 

NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 

NEXTLINK CAPITAL, INC. 

A Delaware Corporation 

I.R.S. Employer No. 91-1738221 

A Washington Corporation 

I.R.S. Employer No. 91-1716062 

1505 Farm Credit Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102 

Telephone Number (703) 547-2000 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act: 

NONE 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
Act: 

Class A Common Stock, Par Value 0.02 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrants (1) have
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrants
were required to file such reports), and (2) have been
subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. YES [X] NO 
[ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Registration S-K is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
Registrants knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

The aggregate market value of the Class A and Class B
Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrants, based
upon the closing sale price of the Common Stock on March 15,
 2000, as reported on the NASDAQ National Market System, was
approximately 8,347,496,373. Shares of Class A and
Class B Common Stock held by each executive officer and
director and by certain persons who own 5 or more of the
outstanding Class A and Class B Common Stock have been
excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates.
This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a
conclusive determination for other purposes.

As of March 15, 2000, the number of outstanding shares of
NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. s Class A Common Stock
was 80,621,499 and Class B Common Stock was 54,880,765.
NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. had outstanding 1,000 shares of Common
Stock, par value 0.01 per share.

NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. NEXTLINK Capital and together
 with NEXTLINK Communications, Inc., the Registrants meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction I
(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing
this form with the reduced disclosure format.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by
reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I,
Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated:
(1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any
proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed
 pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) under the Securities
Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for
 identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders
 for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980).

Portions of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the
 2000 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 1. Business 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 Item 5. Market for Registrants Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

1. 

Business 

1 

2. 

Properties 

34 

3. 

Legal Proceedings 

34 

4. 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

34 

PART II 

5. 

Market for Registrants Common Stock and Related Stockholder
	 Matters 

37 

6. 

Selected Financial Data 

38 

7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
	and Results of Operations 

38 

7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 

47 

8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

48 

9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
	Financial Disclosure 

48 

PART III 

10. 

Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

48 

11. 

Executive Compensation 

48 

12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

48 

13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

49 

PART IV 

14. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on
	Form 8-K 

49 

Table of Contents 

 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business 

 Introduction 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc., NEXTLINK or the Company, is a
Delaware corporation, which, through its predecessor entities,
was formed on September 16, 1994. The Company was originally
organized as NEXTLINK Communications, L.L.C., a Washington
limited liability company. On January 31, 1997, NEXTLINK
Communications, L.L.C. merged into NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.,
 a Washington corporation, which on June 4, 1998
reincorporated in Delaware under the same name.

NEXTLINK s principal executive and administrative offices
currently are located at 1505 Farm Credit Drive, McLean, Virginia
 22102, and its telephone number is (703) 547-2000.

 Overview 

Since 1996, NEXTLINK has provided high-quality telecommunications
 services to the rapidly growing business market. We believe that
 increasing usage of both telephone service and newer data and
information services will continue to increase demand for
telecommunications capacity, or bandwidth, and for new
telecommunications services and applications.

To serve our customers broad and expanding
telecommunications needs, we have assembled a unique collection
of high-bandwidth, local and national network assets. We intend
to integrate these assets with advanced communications
technologies and services in order to become one of the
nation s leading providers of a comprehensive array of
communications services.

To accomplish this:

we have built 31 high-bandwidth, or broadband, local networks in
	19 states, generally located in the central business districts of
	 the cities we serve, and we are continuing to build additional
	networks; 

we have become the nation s largest holder of broadband
	fixed wireless spectrum, with Federal Communications Commission,
	or FCC, licenses covering 95 of the population of the 30 largest
	 U.S. cities, which we will use to extend the reach of our
	networks to additional customers; and 

we have acquired, through a joint venture known as INTERNEXT,
	rights to use unlit fiber optic strands, known as dark fiber, and
	 an empty conduit in a national broadband network now being built
	 to traverse over 16,000 miles and to connect more than 50 cities
	 in the United States and Canada, including most of the major
	metropolitan markets that our current and planned local networks
	serve. By acquiring dark fiber rather than leasing
	 lit fiber capacity, we have retained control over
	decisions on where and how to deploy existing or new generations
	of optical transmission equipment to enhance our network s
	capacity and performance. 

We currently offer our customers a variety of voice services and
high-speed Internet access. As our networks become increasingly
optimized for data transmission and through our pending
acquisition of Concentric Network Corporation, we plan to expand
our Internet access business and offer additional data services,
such as Internet web hosting, support for e-commerce, virtual
private network services and other customized data communications
 services. By web hosting, we mean support for customers 
web sites at our central offices, running either on their
computers or on ours.

In addition, through our NEXTLINK Interactive subsidiary, we
currently provide a number of voice response, speech recognition
and e-commerce services. We plan to build on our existing
expertise in customized information and automated order
fulfillment to serve clients with e-commerce businesses, that is,
 businesses conducting high volume retail transactions over the
Internet.

 1

Table of Contents 

We are now operating 31 broadband local networks in 49 cities. We
 are currently building additional networks, and plan to have
operational networks in most of the 30 largest U.S. cities by the
 end of 2000. We have been successful in attracting customers in
the markets that we serve. We provided nearly 428,000 business
telephone lines to our customers as of December 31, 1999, of
 which more than 78,000 were installed in the fourth quarter of
1999.

Our local and national networks employ fiber optic technology,
which uses light waves to transmit signals over cables consisting
 of many glass fiber strands. Fiber optic strands have enough
capacity to carry tens of thousands times more traffic than
traditionally-configured copper wire. Rings of our fiber optic
cables typically encircle a city s central business district
 and connect to our central offices. These central offices
contain the switches and routers that direct calls and data
traffic to their destinations, and have space to house the
additional equipment necessary for future telecommunications
services. Wherever we can, we build and own these local networks
ourselves. We believe that owning our own network assets will
enable us to deliver higher quality and new services at a lower
cost, which we expect will increase our operating margins.

Our goal is to provide our customers with complete voice and data
 network solutions for all of their communications needs, using
our own fiber, switches and other facilities to the greatest
extent possible. Today, however, we frequently lease the existing
 copper telephone wires from the dominant local telephone company
 to make the physical connection for the short distance between
our customers and our fiber optic networks. Congress and our
industry refer to this dominant local carrier as the incumbent
local exchange carrier, or the incumbent carrier.

To reduce our reliance on connections leased from the incumbent
carrier, we intend to increase the number of customers connected
directly to our networks. In some cases, we will construct a new
fiber optic extension from our network to the customer s
premises. In other cases, using our fixed wireless spectrum, we
will deploy a high-bandwidth wireless connection between an
antenna on the roof of the customer s premises and an
antenna attached to our fiber rings. These wireless connections
offer high-quality broadband capacity and, in many cases, cost
less than fiber to install. We expect to deploy wireless direct
connections to our networks in 25 markets by the end of 2000.

We are also deploying a technology called Digital Subscriber
Line, or DSL, to meet the high bandwidth needs of those customers
 whose connection to our network remains over copper wire. DSL
technology increases the effective capacity of existing copper
telephone wires. We are installing our own DSL equipment to
provide these services ourselves, and we also resell another
provider s DSL services.

Our networks support a variety of communications technologies.
This permits us to offer customers a set of technology options to
 meet their changing needs, and introduce new technologies as
they become available. For example, we have begun to install
Internet Protocol, or IP, routers, which will enable us to carry
Internet traffic more efficiently and to provide more data
services. We also have been installing Asynchronous Transfer
Mode, or ATM, routers and switches in our local networks, which
will enable us to meet the demands of large, high-volume
customers.

We anticipate that future IP technologies will enable the
high-bandwidth, end-to-end national network we are building to
carry data, voice and video. Such a network should also enable us
 to offer our customers entirely new classes of IP services. To
serve our customers present needs and to take advantage of
the future opportunities that technological advances may bring,
we intend to remain flexible in our technology choices.

 Business Strategy 

Our goal is to provide integrated, end-to-end solutions for all
of our customers communications needs over our own network.
 We plan to deliver these solutions primarily through equipment
and networks we own or control and, therefore, continue to be a
facilities-based carrier. The key components of our strategy to
achieve this goal are to:

Build Broadband Local Networks. We build high-bandwidth
	local networks using fiber optic cable bundles, which are capable
	 of carrying high volumes of data, voice, video and Internet
	traffic as well as other high-bandwidth services. In our newer
	markets, we install as many as 400 fiber strands in each 

2

Table of Contents 

network, with built-in capacity for future growth. We plan to
	have completed broadband local networks in most of the
	nation s 30 largest cities by the end of 2000. 

Increase Direct Customer Connections. We generally build
	our networks in the central business districts of our markets to
	permit direct connections to a high percentage of the area s
	 commercial buildings at a lower capital cost. For buildings
	where direct fiber connections to our networks are not economic,
	we will use our fixed wireless spectrum to make broadband direct
	connections where appropriate. 

Create an Integrated, End-To-End, Facilities-Based National
	Network. We will use our interest in a 16,000 mile, national
	fiber optic network to offer end-to-end communications services
	over our own facilities, rather than lines leased from others. By
	 owning these high-speed facilities rather than leasing
	 lit fiber capacity, we will be able to upgrade our
	system as new generations of optical transmission equipment
	become available. This will allow us to maximize the capacity and
	 enhance the performance of our network as needed to meet our
	customers current and future broadband data and other
	communication needs, rather than relying on the owner of leased
	lines to make those upgrades. 

Deploy New Technology Optimized for IP. We are installing
	high-capacity IP routers and switches, wavelength division
	multiplexing technology, and the latest fiber optic technology in
	 our network to further increase its capacity to meet our
	customers growing data needs. We believe that future IP
	technologies will enable our network to carry all types of
	communications traffic, including data, voice and video services. 

Introduce New Internet Services. In addition to our
	current offering of high-speed Internet access, we plan to offer
	customers secure, robust web hosting services at our central
	offices, and provide extensive back-office support for their
	e-commerce operations. We expect to substantially accelerate the
	deployment of data services as a result of our pending
	acquisition of Concentric. 

Build on Our Customer Base, Staff and Systems to Succeed in
	the Data Services Market. We will combine the strategies and
	skills we have developed competing successfully in the local
	exchange market with the proven skills of Concentric to compete
	in the expanding data services market. These include a focus on
	the business customer, close attention to customer care, and
	effective, reliable back-office systems. 

Expand Our Targeted Customer Base. Historically, our
	targeted customer base has consisted primarily of small and
	medium-sized businesses. As our capabilities expand through the
	completion of INTERNEXT s national fiber optic network, the
	addition of data service capabilities, including enhancements of
	those capabilities resulting from the Concentric acquisition, and
	 the addition of ATM and IP technology to our networks, we plan
	to expand our targeted customers to include larger national
	customers that can benefit from our unique end-to-end 
	 broadband capabilities. 

Attract Experienced Management at All Key Levels. We have
	attracted a highly qualified senior management team at our
	headquarters and throughout our field operations. Experienced
	telecommunications and technology industry executives will lead
	the implementation of our integrated telecommunications strategy.
	 We expect to benefit from the skills and experience of the
	seasoned executive, technical and marketing personnel who will be
	 joining us when the Concentric acquisition is completed. 

1999 Transactions and Developments 

Local Fiber Optic Network Development. We launched service
 in 10 major metropolitan markets in 1999, each of which includes
 one or more fiber optic rings each consisting of up to 432 fiber
 optic strands. These market launches included San Diego, Seattle
 and Washington, D.C. during the first half of 1999, Newark,
Detroit and Houston during the third quarter of 1999, and
Phoenix, Boston, St. Louis and Sacramento in the fourth quarter
of 1999. In September 1999, we also connected two additional
markets to our South Bay fiber ring in the San Francisco area by
launching service in Mountain View and Santa Clara, California.

 3

Table of Contents 

Acquisition of Fixed Wireless Spectrum. In 1999, we
acquired licenses for broadband fixed wireless spectrum for local
 multi-point distribution services, or LMDS, in order to expand
on our ability to directly connect customers to our network. We
are now the largest owner of LMDS spectrum in the United States
holding 82 licenses covering approximately 95 percent of the
 top 30 United States markets, and have entered into agreements
to acquire additional licenses. These pending and completed
transactions include the following:

WNP Communications. In April 1999, we acquired
	 WNP Communications, Inc., which owned licenses for 1,150 MHz of
	LMDS spectrum, or A block LMDS licenses, in 39 cities and one
	license for 150 MHz of LMDS spectrum, or B block LMDS license, in
	 one city. The purchase price was 698.2 million, of which
	 157.7 million was paid in cash to the FCC for license fees,
	 including interest. The remainder was paid to stockholders of
	WNP, and consisted of 190.1 million in cash and 11,431,662
	shares of NEXTLINK Class A common stock. 

NEXTBAND. In June 1999, we acquired from
	Nextel Communications Inc. its 50 interest in NEXTBAND, a joint
	venture formed in January 1998 by us and Nextel. As a result, we
	now own all of NEXTBAND, which holds A and B block LMDS licenses
	in 42 markets throughout the United States. The purchase price
	for Nextel s interest was 137.7 million in cash, and was
	determined based on a formula derived from the purchase price
	paid in the WNP acquisition. 

SPEEDUS.com. In July 1999, we purchased a
	license for 150 MHz of LMDS spectrum held by SPEEDUS.com, Inc. in
	 the five boroughs that comprise New York City and 2,000,000
	shares of SPEEDUS.com common stock for a total of
	 40.0 million. SPEEDUS.com is a facilities based high-speed
	Internet service provider. 

HighSpeed. In November 1999, we announced a
	strategic partnership with HighSpeed.Com, L.L.C. in which we will
	 acquire a 15 equity interest in HighSpeed and a license for 300
	 MHz of LMDS spectrum in Denver, Colorado. In addition to the
	Denver LMDS license, HighSpeed holds LMDS licenses covering areas
	 where approximately 12 million people live or work in seven
	 western states. We have agreed to pay 18.7 million to
	HighSpeed.Com in exchange for the 15 interest and the LMDS
	spectrum. We expect this transaction to close in the second
	quarter of 2000. 

Field Testing of Fixed Wireless Technology. In
September 1999, we began field testing LMDS technology with
several customers in the Los Angeles and Dallas areas. For the
year prior to that, we had been testing broadband wireless
equipment in our Plano, Texas research lab. Field testing gives
us the opportunity to test wireless point-to-multipoint and
point-to-point equipment from several vendors in several
operating environments. In our field tests, we used a
point-to-multi-point wireless hub site to connect customers
directly to our Los Angeles-area and Dallas fiber networks.
Although point-to-point equipment has performed to our standards,
 we believe that improvements in the price, features, and
functionality of the point-to-multi-point equipment must be made
before we undertake a broader commercial launch of services using
 this technology. Our vendors have advised us that these
improvements will be incorporated in their second generation
equipment, which is expected to be available later this year.

In January 2000, we completed our field tests and made
commercial broadband wireless services available using the
point-to-point equipment to a limited group of customers in Los
Angeles and Dallas. We have announced commencement of lab testing
 of the second generation point-to-multi-point equipment that we
plan to deploy throughout our networks this year. We plan to
deploy service using fixed wireless technology in 25 markets by
the end of 2000 as an alternative to fiber to connect customers
directly to our fiber optic networks.

Construction of National Network. In December 1999,
the first segment of the intercity national fiber optic network
being constructed for INTERNEXT was completed. This segment
consisted of most of the network connecting Dallas, Houston,
Austin and San Antonio, Texas, the remainder of which is now
substantially complete. We expect the construction of the
remainder of the fiber backbone in the network to be
substantially completed in segments during 2000 and 2001. In
January 2000, we entered into an agreement

 4

Table of Contents 

with Eagle River Investments, LLC to acquire the 50 interest in
INTERNEXT that we do not currently own, which we expect to close
in the second quarter of 2000.

Equity and Debt Financings. In 1999, we completed public
offerings of our Class A common stock, 10 3/4 Senior
Notes due 2009 and 12 1/4 Senior Discount Notes due 2009,
and private offerings of 10 1/2 Senior Notes due 2009 and
12 1/8 Senior Discount Notes due 2009, with aggregate net
proceeds of approximately 1,940.7 million dollars.

Common Stock Offering. On June 1, 1999, we
	completed the sale of 15,200,000 shares of Class A common
	stock at 38.00 per share. Of the total shares sold, NEXTLINK
	offered 8,464,100 shares and certain stockholders who previously
	owned interests in WNP offered 6,735,900 shares. Gross proceeds
	from the shares offered by NEXTLINK totaled 321.6 million,
	which yielded proceeds net of underwriting discounts, advisory
	fees and estimated expenses of approximately 310.5 million. 

Offering of 10 3/4 Senior Notes due 2009 and
	12 1/4 Senior Discount Notes due 2009. Concurrent
	with our June 1, 1999 common stock offering, we completed
	the sale of 675.0 million of 10 3/4 Senior Notes due
	2009 and 588.9 million in principal amount at maturity of
	12 1/4 Senior Discount Notes due 2009. From these sales, we
	 received net proceeds of approximately 979.5 million. 

Private Offerings of 10 1/2 Senior Notes due 2009 and
	 12 1/8 Senior Discount Notes due 2009. On
	November 17, 1999, we completed the sale of
	 400.0 million of 10 1/2 Senior Notes due 2009 and
	 455.0 million in principal amount at maturity of 12 1/8 
	Senior Discount Notes due 2009. From these sales, we received net
	 proceeds of approximately 639.6 million. 

In accordance with the terms under which the notes were issued,
we are in the process of registering an exchange offer with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, in which we will offer
holders of these notes the opportunity to exchange the
unregistered notes originally issued for registered notes with
identical terms and conditions.

Investment by Forstmann Little & Co. In
December 1999, several Forstmann Little & Co. investment
 funds agreed to invest 850.0 million in NEXTLINK in
exchange for newly-created convertible preferred stock of
NEXTLINK, to be used to expand our networks and services,
introduce new technologies and fund our business plan. The
investment closed in January 2000. Pursuant to the terms of
the preferred stock, Nicholas C. Forstmann and Sandra J. Horbach,
 both general partners at Forstmann Little, joined
NEXTLINK s Board of Directors in January 2000.

Acquisition of Canadian Fixed Wireless Spectrum. In
December 1999, our NEXTLINK International subsidiary joined
a venture, Wispra Networks, Inc., with TD Capital Group, a
leading Canadian private equity investor in the communications
and media industry, and Wispra Inc., a previous participant in
Canada s broadband wireless marketplace. In December, Wispra
 Networks was named the provisional winner of six fixed broadband
 wireless 24 GHz spectrum licenses, following an auction of the
licenses by Industry Canada, covering areas in which
approximately 14.3 million people live or work, including
Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver, Ottawa, Edmonton, Calgary and
surrounding areas. Wispra Networks has paid a total of
approximately Cdn. 74 million for 400 MHz of spectrum in
the six market areas. Wispra Networks anticipates that Industry
Canada will officially issue the licenses for the spectrum in
2000. Wispra was founded to provide broadband telecommunications
services in Canada using emerging wireless telecommunications
technologies.

 Post Year-End Transactions and Developments 

Agreement to Acquire Concentric Network Corporation. In
January 2000, we agreed to acquire Concentric Network
Corporation, a provider of high-speed DSL, web hosting,
e-commerce, and other Internet services. As a combined company,
we will be able to offer a complete, single source communications
 solution to our customers by combing our voice and data products
 with the full array of products from Concentric s Internet
business, data center, and application service provider services.

 5

Table of Contents 

In this transaction, both NEXTLINK and Concentric will merge into
 a newly-formed company, to be renamed NEXTLINK Communications,
Inc., which will assume all of our and Concentric s
outstanding debt obligations. In the transaction, each
outstanding share of our Class A common stock and
Class B common stock would be converted into one share of
Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable,
 of the corporation surviving the merger, which stock will be
substantially identical to our Class A and Class B
common stock. In addition, each outstanding share of Concentric
common stock would be converted into 0.495 of a share of
Class A common stock of the surviving corporation, unless
the trading price of our Class A common stock at the
effective time is less than or equal to 90.91, in which case
each outstanding share would be converted into 45.00 of
Class A common stock of the surviving corporation (based on
the trading price of our Class A common stock prior to the
effective time). If at the effective time our average stock price
 is less than 69.23, each outstanding share of Concentric common
 stock would covert into 0.650 of a share of Class A common
stock of the surviving corporation. The transaction is subject to
 approval of the Concentric stockholders and other customary
closing conditions, and is expected to close in the second
quarter of 2000.

Acquisition of INTERNEXT Interest. 

In January 2000, as part of the reorganization of NEXTLINK
under which we will acquire Concentric Network Corporation, we
entered into an agreement with Eagle River Investments, LLC, to
acquire the 50 interest of INTERNEXT, L.L.C. that we do not
currently own. NEXTLINK and Eagle River formed INTERNEXT to hold
our interests in the national network. The purchase price for
Eagle River s interest is approximately 3.4 million
shares of the Class A common stock of the corporation
surviving the reorganization. As a result of this acquisition,
which is expected to be consummated in the second quarter of
2000, we will own the entire interest in this 16,000 mile, 50
city national broadband network. The closing of this transaction
is not conditioned on the closing of the Concentric acquisition.

Secured Credit Facility. On February 3, 2000, we
entered into a 1.0 billion senior secured credit facility
underwritten by a syndicate of banks and other financial
institutions. The credit facility consists of a
 387.5 million tranche A term loan facility, a
 225.0 million tranche B term loan facility and a
 387.5 million revolving credit facility. We have borrowed
 375.0 million under this facility.

The security of the credit facility consists of the assets
purchased using the proceeds thereof, the stock of certain of our
 direct subsidiaries, all assets of NEXTLINK and, to the extent
of 125.0 million of guaranteed debt, all assets of certain
of our subsidiaries.

Both the revolving credit facility and the tranche A term loan
facility mature on December 31, 2006, and the tranche B term
 loan facility matures on June 30, 2007. The maturity date
for each of the facilities may be accelerated to October 31,
 2005 unless we have refinanced our 350.0 million
12 1/2 Senior Notes due 2006 by April 15, 2005. We
also are required to repay the facilities in full upon the
occurrence of a change of control.

Amounts drawn under the revolving credit facility and the term
loans bear interest, at our option, at the alternate base rate or
 reserve-adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate
(LIBOR) plus, in each case, applicable margins.

The credit agreement contains customary events of default and
covenants restricting and limiting our ability to engage in
certain activities, including but not limited to:

limitations on indebtedness, guarantee obligations and the
	incurrence of liens, 

restrictions on sale lease back transactions, consolidations,
	mergers, liquidations, dissolutions, leases, certain sales of
	assets, transactions with affiliates and investments, 

restrictions on issuance of preferred stock, dividends and
	distributions on capital stock and other similar distributions,
	and 

restrictions on optional payments and modifications of other debt
	 instruments, changes in fiscal year, and changes in lines of
	business. 

Two-for-One Stock Split. In February 2000, our Board
of Directors declared a two-for-one stock split of our common
stock, to be paid on June 15, 2000 in the form of a stock
dividend. The split is subject to

 6

Table of Contents 

stockholder approval of a proposed increase in the number of
shares of our common stock authorized for issuance. This proposal
 will be considered and voted on at our May 24, 2000 annual
meeting of stockholders.

Industry and Market Overview 

Prior to 1984, AT&T Corp. dominated both the local exchange
and long distance marketplace by owning the operating entities
that provided both local exchange and long distance services to
most of the U.S. population. While the court-ordered breakup of
AT&T established the conditions for competition in the long
distance services market in 1984, the market for local exchange
services has been, until recently, virtually closed to
competition and has largely been dominated by regulated
monopolies. To foster competition in the long distance market,
AT s divested local exchange businesses, the Regional
Bell Operating Companies, or RBOCs, were prohibited from
providing long distance services to customers in their home
markets.

We believe that a similarly critical event occurred in 1996 with
the passage of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, or the Telecom
 Act. Before passage of this law, in most locations throughout
the United States, the incumbent carrier operated a virtual
monopoly in the provision of most local exchange services.
However, just as competition slowly emerged in the long distance
business prior to the mandated breakup of AT&T, competitive
opportunities also have slowly emerged over the last
10 years at the local exchange level.

We believe that the Telecom Act provided the opportunity to
accelerate the development of competition at the local level by,
among other things, requiring the incumbent carriers to cooperate
 with competitors entry into the local exchange market.
These provisions include:

Interconnection provides competitors the right to connect to
	 the incumbent carriers networks at any technically
	feasible point and to obtain access to its rights-of-way; 

Unbundling of the Local Network allows competitors to
	purchase and utilize components of the incumbent carriers 
	network selectively; 

Reciprocal Compensation establishes the framework for
	pricing between a competitor and the incumbent carrier for use of
	 each other s networks; and 

Number Portability allows incumbent carrier customers to
	retain their current telephone numbers when they switch to a
	competitor. 

The Telecom Act and the subsequent rules issued by the FCC
governing competition, as well as pro-competitive policies
already developed by state regulatory commissions, have caused
fundamental changes in the structure of the local exchange
markets. These developments created opportunities for new
entrants into the local exchange market to capture a portion of
the incumbent carrier s dominant, and historically monopoly
controlled, market share of local services. The development of
switched local service competition, however, is still in its
early stages.

Industry sources estimate that in 1998 the total revenues from
local and long distance telecommunications services were
approximately 210 billion, of which approximately
 105 billion were derived from local exchange services and
approximately 105 billion from long distance services.
Based on FCC information, total revenues for local and long
distance services grew at a compounded annual rate of
approximately 5.4 between 1992 and 1998.

In addition to traditional local and long distance voice
services, telecommunication services have been growing at an
accelerated pace because of increased data telecommunications,
such as Internet usage. As technology advances, we believe the
demand for broadband capacity and additional business and
consumer telecommunications services will increase.

The emergence of the Internet and the widespread adoption of IP
as a data transmission standard in the 1990s, combined with
deregulation of the telecommunications industry and advances in
telecommunications technology, have significantly increased the
attractiveness of providing data communication applications and
services over public networks. At the same time, growth in
client/server computing, multimedia personal computers and online
 computing services and the proliferation of networking
technologies have resulted in a

 7

Table of Contents 

large and growing group of people who are accustomed to using
networked computers for a variety of purposes, including email,
electronic file transfers, online computing and electronic
financial transactions. These trends have led businesses
increasingly to explore opportunities to provide IP-based
applications and services within their organization, and to
customers and business partners outside the enterprise.

The ubiquitous nature and relatively low cost of the Internet
have resulted in its widespread usage for certain applications,
most notably Web access and email. However, usage of the Internet
 for business applications has been impeded by the limited
security and unreliable performance inherent in the structure and
 management of the Internet. In addition, transmission delays
make the Internet less appealing for these emerging applications.
 Although private networks are capable of offering lower and more
 stable transmission delays, providers of these emerging
applications also desire a network that will offer their
customers full access to the Internet. As a result, these
businesses and applications providers require a network that
combines the best features of the Internet, such as openness,
ease of access and low cost made possible by the IP standard,
with the advantages of a private network, such as high security,
low/fixed latency and customized features.

Industry analysts expect the market size for both value-added IP
data networking services and Internet access to grow rapidly as
businesses and consumers increase their use of the Internet,
intranets and privately managed IP networks. According to
industry analyst Forrester Research, Inc., the Internet services
market will grow from 2.8 billion in 1998 to
 56.6 billion in 2003. Forrester Research predicts that
access revenue will comprise nearly 42.0 billion of the
2003 market and hosting services revenue will comprise the
remainder.

 NEXTLINK s Networks 

We have built, and are continuing to build, fiber optic networks
with robust capacity in urban centers across the country. Our
IP-optimized national network will connect these local networks
to one another. Our fiber optic and wireless customer connections
 will complete our goal of becoming an end-to-end,
facilities-based provider of broadband communications services.

 Local Fiber Optic Networks

The core of each of our local networks is a ring of fiber optic
cable in a city s central business district that connects to
 our central offices. These facilities contain the switches and
routers that direct data and voice traffic to their destinations,
 and also have the space to house the additional equipment
necessary for future telecommunications services.

We are now operating 31 broadband local networks in 49 cities,
having launched networks in 10 major metropolitan markets in 1999
 and having connected two additional markets to our South Bay
Area network. Based on our recent successes in operating and
expanding our existing networks, as well as new opportunities in
other markets, we are pursuing an aggressive growth plan. We are
currently building additional local networks, and plan to have
operational networks in most of the 30 largest U.S. cities by the
 end of 2000.

 8

Table of Contents 

The following table provides information on the markets in which
we have launched bundled switched local and long distance
services.

Launch Date for Switched 

State 
	 
	 Market 
	 
	 Local Services 

Arizona: 

Phoenix 

October 1999 

California: 

Los Angeles/ Orange County: 

Anaheim 

July 1997 

Costa Mesa 

July 1997 

Fullerton 

July 1997 

Garden Grove 

July 1997 

Huntington Beach 

July 1997 

Inglewood 

July 1997 

Irvine 

July 1997 

Long Beach 

July 1997 

Los Angeles 

July 1997 

Orange 

July 1997 

Santa Ana 

July 1997 

Sacramento 

December 1999 

San Diego 

March 1999 

San Francisco Bay Area: 

Fremont 

May 1998 

Milpitas 

May 1998 

San Jose 

May 1998 

Palo Alto 

May 1998 

Sunnyvale 

May 1998 

Mountain View 

September 1999 

Santa Clara 

September 1999 

Colorado 

Denver 

December 1998 

District of Columbia 

Washington 

June 1999 

Florida 

Miami 

December 1998 

Georgia 

Atlanta 

September 1998 

Marietta 

September 1998 

Illinois 

Chicago 

February 1998 

Massachusetts 

Boston 

November, 1999 

Michigan 

Detroit 

September 1999 

Missouri 

St. Louis 

December 1999 

Nevada 

Las Vegas 

April 1997 

New Jersey 

Newark 

July 1999 

New York 

Manhattan 

September 1998 

Ohio 

Cleveland 

April 1997 

Columbus 

April 1997 

Pennsylvania 

Allentown 

July 1996 

Harrisburg 

July 1996 

Lancaster 

July 1996 

Reading 

July 1996 

Philadelphia 

July 1997 

Scranton/ Wilkes Barre 

December 1997 

Tennessee 

Memphis 

July 1996 

Nashville 

July 1996 

Texas 

Dallas 

December 1998 

Houston 

September 1999 

9

Table of Contents 

Launch Date for Switched 

State 
	 
	 Market 
	 
	 Local Services 

Utah 

Salt Lake City 

January 1997 

Orem/ Provo 

September 1997 

Washington 

Spokane 

July 1996 

Seattle 

June 1999 

We build high capacity networks using a backbone density ranging
between 72 and 432 strands of fiber optic cable. Fiber optic
cables have the capacity, or bandwidth, to carry tens of
thousands times the amount of traffic as traditionally-configured
 copper wire. We believe that installing high-count fiber strands
 will allow us to offer a higher volume of broadband and voice
services without incurring significant additional construction
costs. To enhance our ability to connect customers directly to
our networks, we design them to serve both core downtown areas
and other metropolitan and suburban areas where business
development supports the capital required for the network build.

Our customer base has been growing rapidly, as the following
table of access lines installed on our networks illustrates:

Markets 
	 
	 Total Access 

As of 
	 
	 in Service 
	 
	 Lines Installed 

December 31, 1996 

7 

8,511 

December 31, 1997 

25 

50,131 

December 31, 1998 

37 

174,182 

December 31, 1999 

49 

428,035 

National Network 

We are creating a single, end-to-end network by linking our local
 networks to one another through the use of a national fiber
optic backbone network currently being constructed by Level 3
Communications for INTERNEXT. When complete, we will be able to
utilize this network to offer our customers integrated,
end-to-end telecommunications services over facilities we
control. By owning these high-speed dark fiber
facilities rather than leasing lit fiber capacity
from others, we have retained control over decisions on where and
 how to deploy existing or new generations of optical
transmission equipment. This will allow us to maximize the
capacity and enhance the performance of our network as needed to
meet our customers current and future broadband data and
other communications needs, rather than relying on the owners of
leased lines to make those upgrades.

This national network is planned to cover more than 16,000 route
miles with six or more conduits and connect 50 cities in the
United States and Canada. INTERNEXT L.L.C., a joint venture
managed by us and currently owned 50 each by us and Eagle River,
 has entered into a cost sharing agreement with Level 3 with
respect to this network. Under this agreement, INTERNEXT has:

an exclusive interest in 24 dark fibers in a shared,
	filled conduit throughout this network; 

an exclusive interest in one empty conduit, through which we
	expect to be able to pull up to 432 fiber optic strands; and 

the right to 25 of the dark fibers pulled by Level 3
	 through the sixth and any additional conduits in the network. 

We expect the construction of the fiber backbone in the national
network to be substantially completed in years 2000 and 2001.

We have entered into an agreement to acquire from Eagle River the
 50 interest that we did not own of INTERNEXT. As a result of
this acquisition, which is expected to close in the second
quarter of 2000, we will have complete control over this national
 network. Although this acquisition is part of the transition in
which we will acquire Concentric, the two closings are not
conditioned on one another.

 10

Table of Contents 

 Connecting Customers to Our
Networks 

We intend to reduce our reliance on customer connections leased
from the incumbent carrier by increasing the number of customers
connected directly to our networks. We believe that by deploying
direct connections to our customers, rather than connecting
through the incumbent carriers facilities, we will be
better positioned to meet our customers communications
requirements. Direct customer connections enhance our ability to:

ensure technological support for high-bandwidth communications; 

manage and control the quality of services used by our customers; 

meet the varying bandwidth needs of our customers; and 

achieve better operating margins. 

By designing and deploying high capacity local networks, we
maximize the number of customers that can be connected directly
to our networks with fiber strands that we own or using our LMDS
spectrum. By having both fiber and LMDS spectrum at our disposal,
 we can directly connect customers to our network using the most
cost efficient means. In those instances where it is not cost
effective or feasible to directly connect customers to our
networks using fiber or fixed wireless technology, we can connect
 them by leasing the incumbent carriers facilities, and
meet their high bandwidth needs by deploying DSL technology where
 available.

Fiber Optics. In cases where expected revenues justify the
 cost, we will construct a new fiber optic extension from our
network to the customer s premises. Whether it is economic
to construct a fiber optic extension depends, among other things,
 on:

the existing and potential revenue base located in the building
	in question; 

the building location relative to our network, and 

local permitting requirements. 

Even if we initially determine that it is not economic to
construct a fiber connection to a building, we will continually
reexamine the costs and benefits of a fiber connection and may at
 a later date determine that construction of one is justified.

Making a direct fiber optic connection for a customer who is a
tenant in an office building requires installation of in-building
 cabling through the building s risers from the
customer s office to our fiber in the street. Space in
building risers for fiber optic cables is limited, and in some
office buildings, particularly the premier buildings in the
largest markets, competition among carriers to gain access to
this space is intense. Moreover, increasingly the owners of these
 buildings are seeking to impose fees or other revenue sharing
arrangements as a condition of access.

Broadband Wireless Spectrum. In cases where construction
of a fiber optic connection is not economic, we plan to deploy a
high-bandwidth wireless connection between an antenna on the roof
 of the customer s premises and an antenna attached to our
fiber rings. These wireless connections offer high-quality
broadband capacity and, in many cases, cost less to install than
fiber connections.

In January 2000, we announced completion of our first
generation broadband wireless field tests and the availability of
 commercial broadband wireless services to a limited group of
customers in Los Angeles and Dallas. We also announced
commencement of lab testing of the second generation
point-to-multi-point equipment that we plan to deploy throughout
our networks this year and that we will purchase broadband,
point-to-multi-point access equipment from Nortel Networks on a
non-exclusive basis. We expect to deploy wireless direct
connections to our networks in 25 markets by the end of 2000.

Through a series of auction bids and acquisitions, we have become
 the largest holder of broadband fixed wireless spectrum in North
 America. We hold licenses to 1,150 to 1,300 MHz of LMDS spectrum
 in 52 cities, covering areas where 95 of the population of the
30 largest U.S. cities live or work. Our licenses also include

 11

Table of Contents 

150 MHz of LMDS spectrum in 13 smaller cities and 300 MHz of
spectrum in the five boroughs that comprise New York City. In
addition, we have entered into an agreement to acquire
300 MHz of spectrum in Denver, Colorado. We believe that,
for many locations, broadband wireless connections from customer
buildings to our local fiber optic networks will offer a lower
cost solution for providing high-quality broadband services than
fiber or copper connections.

The following table provides information on the markets in which
we hold LMDS licenses.

Market 
	 
	 MHz 

Birmingham, AL 

1,150 

Huntsville, AL 

1,150 

Los Angeles, CA 

1,300 

Sacramento, CA 

1,150 

San Diego, CA 

150 

San Francisco, CA 

150 

San Luis Obispo, CA 

1,150 

Santa Barbara-Santa Monica, CA 

1,150 

Denver, CO(1) 

300 

Hartford, CT 

1,300 

New Haven-Waterbury-Meriden, CT 

1,300 

New London, CT 

150 

Washington, DC 

1,300 

Jacksonville, FL 

1,150 

Lakeland-Winterhaven, FL 

150 

Miami-Ft. Lauderdale, FL 

1,150 

Ocala, FL 

150 

Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL 

1,150 

West Palm Beach-Boca Raton, FL 

1,150 

Atlanta, GA 

1,300 

Chicago, IL 

1,300 

Indianapolis, IN 

1,300 

Des Moines, IA 

1,150 

Lexington, KY 

1,150 

Louisville, KY 

1,150 

Baltimore, MD 

1,300 

Boston, MA 

1,300 

Springfield-Holyoke, MA 

1,150 

Worcester-Fitchburg-Leominster, MA 

1,150 

Detroit, MI 

1,300 

Minneapolis-St. Paul, MN 

1,300 

Kansas City, MO 

150 

St. Louis, MO 

1,300 

Manchester-Nashua-Concord, NH 

1,150 

Albany-Schenectady, NY 

1,150 

Buffalo-Niagara Falls, NY 

1,150 

New York, NY(2) 

300 

Rochester, NY 

1,300 

Syracuse, NY 

1,150 

Charlotte-Gastonia, NC 

1,150 

Hickory-Lenoir-Morganton, NC 

1,150 

Raleigh-Durham, NC 

1,150 

Cleveland, OH 

150 

Cincinnati, OH 

150 

Columbus, OH 

150 

Mansfield, OH 

150 

Toledo, OH 

150 

Klamath Falls, OR 

150 

Medford-Grants Pass, OR 

150 

Portland, OR 

1,150 

Philadelphia, PA-Wilmington, DE 

1,150 

Pittsburgh, PA 

1,150 

Providence-Pawtucket, RI 

1,300 

Columbia, SC 

1,150 

Greenville-Spartanburg, SC 

1,150 

Chattanooga, TN 

1,150 

Knoxville, TN 

1,150 

Memphis, TN 

1,150 

Nashville, TN 

1,150 

Austin, TX 

1,300 

Dallas-Ft. Worth, TX 

1,150 

Houston, TX 

1,150 

San Antonio, TX 

1,150 

Richmond-Petersburg, VA 

1,150 

Seattle, WA 

1,150 

Milwaukee, WI 

1,300 

(1) 
	 
	Pending closing of the transaction with HighSpeed.Com. 

(2) 
	 
	For the five boroughs comprising New York City, we hold licenses
	for 300 MHz of spectrum. For the remainder of the New York Basic
	Trading Area, we hold licenses for 1,300 MHz of spectrum. 

In order to obtain the necessary access to install our LMDS
equipment and connect our intended customers, we must secure roof
 and other building access rights, including access to conduits
and wiring from the owners of each building or other structure on
 which we propose to install our equipment, and may need to
obtain construction, zoning, franchise or other governmental
permits.

 12

Table of Contents 

DSL Technology. We are also currently deploying DSL
technology to meet the high-bandwidth needs of those customers
located less than three miles from the incumbent carrier s
central office and whose customer connection remains over copper
wire. DSL technology reduces the bottleneck in the transport of
information, particularly for data services, by increasing the
data carrying capacity of copper telephone lines. We believe
that, for many locations, existing copper connections using DSL
technology from customer buildings to our local fiber optic
networks will offer a lower cost solution for providing
high-quality broadband services than fiber or LMDS connections.

We have arrangements with incumbent carriers with respect to more
 than 247 of their central offices that enable us to make direct
connections to each business or resident connected to that
central office over leased lines. These arrangements are known in
 our industry as collocations. We have introduced our own DSL
equipment and services at many of our collocation sites, and plan
 to introduce DSL equipment and services at other collocation
sites, to provide our customers with increased data carrying
capacity.

 Technology 

The wires, cables and spectrum that comprise the physical layer
of our networks can support a variety of communications
technologies. We seek to offer customers a set of technology
options to meet their changing needs, and introduce new
technologies as necessary. Specifically, we believe that a
service platform based on Internet Protocol, or IP, will provide
us with significant future opportunities, because it will enable
data, voice and video to be carried inexpensively over our
end-to-end, facilities-based network. We have, therefore, begun
to supplement our current data and voice switching technology
with IP and ATM equipment.

These technologies will enable us to offer our customers
additional services, such as high-speed Internet access, Internet
 web hosting, e-commerce and other Internet services. Because
they are more efficient, IP and ATM technology increase the
effective capacity of networks for these types of applications,
and in the future may become the preferred technology for voice
calls and faxes as well.

 Circuit Switching vs. Packet
Switching 

There are two widely used switching technologies in currently
deployed communications networks: circuit-switching systems and
packet-switching systems. Circuit switch-based communications
systems, which currently dominate the public telephone network,
establish a dedicated channel for each communication (such as a
telephone call for voice or fax), maintain the channel for the
duration of the call, and disconnect the channel at the
conclusion of the call.

Packet switch-based communications systems, which format the
information to be transmitted into a series of shorter digital
messages called packets, are the preferred means of
data transmission. Each packet consists of a portion of the
complete message plus the addressing information to identify the
destination and return address. A key feature that distinguishes
Internet architecture from the public telephone network is that
on the packet-switched Internet, a single dedicated channel
between communication points is not required.

Packet switch-based systems offer several advantages over circuit
 switch-based systems, particularly the ability to commingle
packets from several communications sources together
simultaneously onto a single channel. For most communications,
particularly those with bursts of information followed by periods
 of silence, the ability to commingle packets
provides for superior network utilization and efficiency,
resulting in more information being transmitted through a given
communication channel.

IP technology, an open protocol that allows unrelated computer
networks to exchange data, is the technological basis of the
Internet. The Internet s explosive growth in recent years
has focused intensive efforts worldwide on developing IP-based
networks and applications. In contrast to protocols like ATM,
which was the product of elaborate negotiations between the
world s monopoly telephone companies, IP is an open
standard, subject to continuous improvement.

We believe that a form of IP-based switching will eventually
replace both ATM and circuit switched technologies, and will be
the foundation of integrated networks that treat all
transmissions including voice, fax and video simply
 as forms of data transmission. Current implementations of IP
technology over the

 13

Table of Contents 

Internet lack the necessary quality of service to support
real-time applications like voice and fax at commercially
acceptable quality levels. We fully expect that a combination of
increased bandwidth and improved technology will correct these
deficiencies.

We are in the process of constructing IP points of presence in
all of our major markets using high-capacity IP routers. We have
launched points of presence in eight of our markets, through
which we offer Internet-related services, and plan to launch and
acquire, through the Concentric acquisition, additional points of
 presence in 2000. We currently connect these points of presence
with leased backbone facilities. On completion, our national
network will serve as our IP backbone.

We believe that the IP deployment currently under way on our
network will enable us to implement new services based on current
 IP technology, and position us to adopt future IP technology
implementations as they evolve to support fully integrated
communications networks. We anticipate remaining flexible in our
use of technology, however, so that as underlying communications
technology changes, we will have the ability to take advantage of
 and implement these new technologies.

To enhance the capacity of our networks, we are incorporating
wavelength division multiplexing technology, which increases the
capacity of an optical fiber by simultaneously operating at more
than one wavelength, thereby allowing the transmission of
multiple signals through the same fiber at different wavelengths.
 To further enhance our network s capacity, we also are
using the latest in fiber technology. In our national network, we
 are deploying a new generation of fiber that allows for faster
transmission of traffic with less dispersion than previous
generations, which can enhance the speed and capacity of the
national network.

 LMDS Wireless Technology 

LMDS is a fixed broadband service that the license holder may use
 to provide high-speed data transfer, wireless local telephone
service, wireless transmission of telephone calls in bulk
quantity, video broadcasting and videoconferencing, in any
combination. This spectrum is not suitable for mobile telephones,
 but can transmit voice, data or video signals from one fixed
antenna to many others. As the word local in the
local multipoint distribution service name implies, the radio
links provided using LMDS frequencies are of limited distance,
typically of a few miles or less, due to the degradation of these
 high-frequency signals over greater distances.

A wireless connection typically consists of paired antennas that
we anticipate will be placed at a distance of up to 2.5 miles
from one another with a direct, unobstructed line of sight. The
antennas are typically installed on rooftops, towers or windows.
Point-to-multipoint technology allows a single hub site antenna
to be used to form multiple paths with antennas located on
numerous customer buildings. As few as four hub site antennas can
 provide telecommunications connections to buildings in all
directions that have line of sight visibility.

Wireless local loop technology typically utilizes millimeter wave
 transmissions having narrow beam width, reducing the potential
for channel interference and allowing dense deployment and
channel re-use. This means that, like cellular telephone systems,
 LMDS sites can be split into sectors in order to increase the
available capacity. The large amount of capacity in each channel
permits the simultaneous use of multiple voice and data
applications.

LMDS and other wireless broadband services require a direct line
of sight between two antennas comprising a link and are subject
to distance and rain attenuation. We expect that the average
coverage radius of a base station will be up to approximately 2.5
 miles, depending on local conditions, and we expect that our
base stations will utilize power control to increase signal
strength where necessary to mitigate the effects of rain
attenuation. In areas of heavy rainfall, transmission links will
be engineered for shorter distances and greater power to maintain
 transmission quality. This reduction of path link distances to
maintain transmission quality requires more closely spaced
transceivers and, therefore, tends to increase the cost of
service coverage.

Due to line of sight limitations, we currently plan to install
our transceivers and antennas on the rooftops of buildings. Line
of sight and distance limitations generally do not present
problems in urban areas, provided that suitable roof rights can
be obtained, due to the existence of unobstructed structures from
 which to

 14

Table of Contents 

transmit and the concentration of customers within a limited
area. Line of sight and distance limitations in non-urban areas
can arise due to lack of structures with sufficient height to
clear local obstructions. We may have to plan to construct
intermediate links or use other means to resolve these line of
sight and distance issues. These limitations may render
point-to-multipoint links uneconomic in certain locations.

Applications and Services 

 Voice Applications and
Services 

In each market in which we operate, we currently offer the
telephone services listed below, at prices generally determined
and implemented locally in each market. These prices are
generally 10 to 15 lower than the pricing for comparable local
services from the incumbent carrier. Our service offerings
include:

standard dial tone, including touch tone dialing, 911 and
	operator assisted calling; 

multi-trunk services, including direct inward dialing, or DID,
	and direct outward dialing, or DOD; 

long distance service, including 1+, 800/888 and operator
	services; 

voice messaging with personalized greetings, send, transfer,
	reply and remote retrieval capabilities; and 

directory listings and assistance. 

In each of our operational markets, we have negotiated and
entered into interconnection agreements with the incumbent
carrier, and implemented permanent local number portability,
which allows customers to retain their telephone numbers when
changing telephone service providers.

Additionally, in each of our markets we offer the following
services to long distance carriers and high volume customers,
which our customers use as both primary and back-up circuits:

special access circuits that connect end users to long distance
	carriers; 

special access circuits that connect long distance carriers 
	 facilities to one another; and 

private line circuits that connect several facilities owned by
	the same end user. 

Historically, our targeted customer base has consisted of
primarily small and medium-sized businesses. As our capabilities
expand through the completion of INTERNEXT s national fiber
optic network, the addition of data service capabilities,
including enhancements of those capabilities resulting from the
Concentric acquisition, and the addition of IP technology to our
networks, we plan to expand our targeted customers to include
larger national customers that can benefit from our unique
end-to-end broadband capabilities.

 Data Applications and
Services 

In the eight markets in which we have launched IP points of
presence, we offer Internet access services. We will offer
Internet access services in all of our markets as we launch
additional points of presence this year or acquire them in the
Concentric acquisition. We offer these services on a stand-alone
basis and bundled with local and long distance telephone service.

We intend to configure the central offices of our network
backbone with electrical and environmental controls and 24-hour
maintenance and technical support, which will provide an
attractive location for our customers to locate their larger
computers (which are known as servers) or from which they can run
 important applications on servers that we will maintain. This
will enable us to offer:

Web Hosting: support for customers websites,
	including design, maintenance and telecommunications services; 

Server Hosting: collocation of customers servers in
	our central offices; 

15

Table of Contents 

Application Hosting: running our customers 
	enterprise-wide applications at our central offices and
	distributing them as needed over our network to ensure
	uniformity, reduce costs and implement upgrades on a continuous
	and immediate basis; and 

E-Commerce Support: support for high-volume purchases over
	 the Internet, including system design, order fulfillment and
	network security. 

In December 1999, we launched Internet access services as an
 Internet service provider, or ISP, in eight markets. We expect
that our acquisition of Concentric will significantly accelerate
implementation of our data services strategy and, in particular
will significantly enhance our ability to market Internet access
services utilizing Concentric s status as an ISP with
significant peering arrangements. Concentric provides high speed
Internet access, virtual private networks and web hosting
services principally to small to medium-sized enterprises.

We also plan to combine the capabilities of our national network
with the mass-market e-commerce expertise we have developed
through NEXTLINK Interactive to offer customers a broad range of
services to their e-commerce activities, including
telecommunications, web-site design, order fulfillment and
enhancement of back-office systems.

 Other Businesses 

 NEXTLINK Interactive 

Through our NEXTLINK Interactive subsidiary, we develop systems
for clients that enable those clients consumers to order
products and services, receive information, seek assistance, and
a host of other capabilities via the Internet, through a call
center or within a physical store location. NEXTLINK
Interactive s systems enable its clients to seamlessly
integrate sales and customer service functions across their
Internet site, call center and physical store, thereby creating a
 uniform experience for its clients customers regardless of
 how a customer chooses to interact with the NEXTLINK Interactive
 client. NEXTLINK Interactive builds, operates, maintains and
hosts customized Internet and telephony-based third-party
software applications and technologies that are integrated with
its clients existing or desired operational and business
systems. It hosts these applications in data centers and deploys
them to the client across a network, thereby alleviating the
client s need to purchase, own, install, or maintain these
applications. Clients pay for the use of these customized
solutions through a combination of upfront payments
for installation and system integration and recurring fees based
on transaction volume.

Examples of solutions that NEXTLINK Interactive has developed and
 operated for its clients include:

Automated cross channel purchasing and customer service; 

Applications that identify and supply consumers with information
	that directs them to the closest retail location or dealer; 

Applications that configure and prices a product or service for a
	 consumer; and 

Subscription or metered based service delivery. 

Examples of key technologies and capabilities include:

Hardware and software integration expertise; 

E-commerce application development; 

Interactive Voice Response (IVR) and natural language speech
	 recognition development; 

Call center solutions development and integration; 

Handheld and kiosk application development; and 

Application management and hosting. 

16

Table of Contents 

Significantly, in February 2000, NEXTLINK Interactive
announced that it entered into an agreement to develop one of the
 largest installations in the world of interactive voice response
 and natural language speech recognition applications for Federal
 Express Corp.

NEXTLINK Interactive s service offerings currently are not
integrated with NEXTLINK s telecommunications networks and
services. We, however, plan to use these service offerings as a
means to expand the relationship with NEXTLINK Interactive s
 customers to include utilization of telecommunications services
on our network.

For financial information regarding NEXTLINK Interactive s
operations, see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements
regarding reportable segments.

 Shared Tenant Services 

Through our NEXTLINK One subsidiary (formerly known as Start
Technologies) acquired in November 1997, we provide shared
tenant services. Shared tenant services are telecommunications
management services provided to groups of small and medium-sized
businesses located in the same office building. This service
enables businesses too small to justify hiring their own
telecommunications managers to benefit from the efficiencies,
including volume discounts, normally available only to larger
enterprises.

NEXTLINK One installs an advanced telecommunications system
throughout each building it serves, leasing space for on-site
sales and service, and offers tenants products and services such
as telephones, voice mail, local calling lines, discounted long
distance and high speed Internet connections, all on a single,
detailed invoice.

 Sales and Customer Care 

 Overview 

We use a two-pronged sales strategy, one directed to the sale of
local, long distance, and high-speed Internet access services and
 the other to enhanced communications services. Historically, our
 primary sales efforts have focused on selling switched local and
 long distance to small and medium-sized businesses and
professional groups with fewer than 50 business lines. Our market
 research indicates that these customers prefer a single source
for all of their telecommunications requirements, including
products, billing, installation, maintenance, and customer
service. Using direct sales efforts, we offer bundled local and
long distance services that are generally priced at a 10 to 15 
discount from the incumbent carrier. By bundling local and long
distance services, we believe we provide our customers a level of
 convenience that has been generally unavailable since the
break-up of AT&T.

In some of our markets, we also target high concentrations of
business customers in multi-tenant commercial office buildings in
 major metropolitan areas. This allows these business customers
to benefit from voice and data services offered through our
on-site facilities and technical staff. We market our enhanced
communications services nationally through a separate direct
sales force.

In addition, we employ a national sales team to market services
to long distance carriers and large commercial users. As our
capabilities expand through the completion of INTERNEXT s
national fiber optic network, the addition of data service
capabilities, including enhancements of those capabilities
resulting from the Concentric acquisition and the addition of IP
technology to our networks, we plan to expand our targeted
customers to include larger national customers that can benefit
from our unique end-to-end broadband capabilities.

 Sales Force 

We have established a highly motivated and experienced direct
sales force and customer care organization that is designed to
establish a direct and personal relationship with our customers.
We seek to recruit salespeople with strong sales backgrounds,
including salespeople from long distance companies,
telecommunications equipment manufacturers, network systems
integrators and the incumbent carriers. We have expanded

 17

Table of Contents 

our sales force from 319 salespeople at December 31, 1998 to
 707 salespeople at December 31, 1999. Salespeople are given
 incentives through a commission structure that generally targets
 40-50 of a salesperson s compensation to be based on
performance.

Concentric pursues a multi-tiered sales strategy consisting of
third party distribution channels, inbound and outbound
telesales, value-added resellers, original equipment
manufacturers and a direct sales force. After closing the
Concentric acquisition, we plan to leverage these distribution
channels as a means to complement our direct sales force
approach.

 Customer Care 

We augment our direct sales approach with customer care and
support from locally based customer care representatives. We have
 structured our customer care organization so that each customer
has a single customer care point of contact who is responsible
for solving problems and responding to customer inquiries. We
have expanded our customer care organization from 256 customer
care employees at December 31, 1998 to 321 employees at
December 31, 1999. Our goal is to provide a customer care
group that has the ability and resources to respond to and
resolve customer problems as they arise. We believe that customer
 care representatives are most effective if they are based in the
 communities in which we offer services, which also allows, among
 other things, the opportunity for the representatives to visit
the customer s location.

 Regulatory Overview 

 Overview 

The Telecom Act, which substantially revised the Communications
Act of 1934, established the regulatory framework for the
introduction of competition for local telecommunications services
 throughout the United States by new competitive entrants such as
 NEXTLINK. Prior to the passage of the Telecom Act, states
typically granted an exclusive franchise in each local service
area to a single dominant carrier often a former
subsidiary of AT&T, known as a Regional Bell Operating
Company, or RBOC which owned and operated the entire
local exchange network. The RBOCs, following some recent
consolidation, now consist of the following companies: BellSouth,
 Bell Atlantic, U S WEST (which has agreed to merge with Qwest
Communications International, Inc.), and SBC Communications.
Among other things, the Telecom Act preempts state or local
governments from prohibiting any entity from providing
telecommunications service, which had the effect of eliminating
prohibitions on entry found in almost half of the states at the
time the Telecom Act was enacted.

The Telecom Act requires incumbent carriers to interconnect their
 facilities with those of their competitors, including NEXTLINK.
This interconnection obligation permits our customers to exchange
 telecommunications traffic with the customers of other carriers,
 including the incumbent carrier. This ability to interconnect
with incumbent carriers and the preemption of state and local
prohibitions on entry are essential to our ability to be a full
service provider of telecommunications services.

At the same time, the Telecom Act preserved state and local
jurisdiction over many aspects of local telephone service, and,
as a result, we are subject to varying degrees of federal, state
and local regulation. Consequently, federal, state and local
regulation, and other legislative and judicial initiatives
relating to the telecommunications industry, could significantly
affect our business.

 Federal
Regulation 

Although the FCC exercises jurisdiction over our communication
facilities and services, we are not currently required to obtain
FCC authorization for the installation, acquisition or operation
of our wireline network facilities. We are, however, required to
hold and have obtained FCC authorizations for the operation of
our fixed wireless LMDS facilities. Unlike incumbent carriers, we
 are not currently subject to price cap or rate of return
regulation, which leaves us freer to set our own pricing
policies. The FCC does require us to file interstate tariffs on
an ongoing basis for interstate access, rates charged among
carriers for access to their networks, and domestic and
international long distance service. An FCC order that could have
 exempted us

 18

Table of Contents 

from any requirement to file tariffs for interstate access and
domestic long distance service has been stayed pending further
judicial review, and, as a result, we currently file tariffs for
these services.

The following table summarizes the interconnection rights granted
 by the Telecom Act that are most important for full local
competition and our belief as to the effect of the requirements,
if properly implemented.

Issue 
	 
	 Definition 
	 
	 Effect 

Interconnection 

Efficient network interconnection to transfer calls back and
	forth between incumbent carriers and competitive networks
	(including 911, 0+, directory assistance, etc.) 

Allows the customers of NEXTLINK and other competitors to
	exchange traffic with customers connected to other networks 

Local Loop Unbundling 

Allows competitors to selectively gain access to incumbent
	carriers facilities and wires which connect the incumbent
	carriers central offices with customer premises 

Reduces the capital costs of NEXTLINK and other competitors to
	serve customers not directly connected to their networks 

Reciprocal Compensation 

Mandates reciprocal compensation for local traffic exchange
	between incumbent carriers and NEXTLINK and other competitors 

Improves NEXTLINK s and other competitors margins for
	local service 

Number Portability 

Allows customers to change local carriers without changing
	numbers 

Allows customers to switch to NEXTLINK s and other
	competitor s local service without changing phone numbers 

Access to Phone Numbers 

Mandates assignment of new telephone numbers to NEXTLINK s
	and other competitors customers 

Allows NEXTLINK and other competitors to provide telephone
	numbers to new customers on the same basis as the incumbent
	carrier 

In January 1999, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld key
provisions of the FCC rules implementing the Telecom Act, in a
decision that was generally favorable to competitive telephone
companies such as NEXTLINK. In finding that the FCC has general
jurisdiction to implement the Telecom Act s local
competition provisions, the Supreme Court confirmed the
FCC s role in establishing national telecommunications
policy, and thereby created certainty regarding the rules
governing local competition going forward.

Although the rights established in the Telecom Act are a
necessary prerequisite to the introduction of full local
competition, they must be properly implemented to permit
competitive telephone companies like NEXTLINK to complete
effectively with the incumbent carriers. Discussed below are
several FCC and court proceedings relating to the application of
certain FCC rules and policies that are significant to our
operations.

Unbundling of Incumbent Network Elements. In the
January 1999 Supreme Court decision discussed above, the
Court affirmed the FCC s interpretation of matters related
to unbundling of incumbent carriers network elements. It
held that the FCC correctly interpreted the meaning of the term
 network element , which defines the parts of an
incumbent carrier s operations that may be subject to the
 unbundling requirement of the Telecom Act. The Court,
 however, also held that the FCC did not correctly determine
which network elements must be unbundled and made available to
competitive telephone companies such as NEXTLINK. In
November 1999, the FCC released its order addressing the
deficiencies in the FCC s original ruling cited by the
Supreme Court. The order is generally viewed as favorable to
NEXTLINK and other

 19

Table of Contents 

competitive carriers because it ensures that incumbent carriers
will be required to continue to make available those network
elements, including unbundled loops, that are crucial to our
ability to provide local and other services. It states that
incumbent carriers must provide access to the following unbundled
 network elements:

loops, including loops used to provide high-capacity and advanced
	 telecommunications services, which allows competitors to access
	all of the features, functions and capabilities of the
	transmission facilities owned by the incumbent carrier between
	its central office and the customer s location; 

network interface devices, which permits competitors to connect
	their facilities with the telephone wiring inside the
	customer s location; 

local circuit switching (except for larger business customers in
	major urban markets), which allows competitors to access all of
	the features, functions and capabilities of the incumbent
	carrier s switch; 

dedicated and shared transport, which allows competitors to
	utilize transmission facilities owned by the incumbent carrier
	between customer locations and the incumbent carrier s
	switches or between the incumbent carrier s switch
	locations; 

signaling and call-related databases, which competitors use to
	correctly route and bill calls; and 

operations support systems, which permit competitors to submit
	orders to the incumbent for unbundled network elements and for
	provisioning, repair and maintenance services. 

In addition, incumbent carriers must provide access to
combinations of elements if they are currently combined in the
networks, but the FCC did not address whether an incumbent
carrier must combine network elements that are not already
combined in the network because that issue is pending before the
Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals.

The FCC declined, except in limited circumstances, to require
incumbents to unbundle the facilities used to provide high-speed
Internet access and other data services. In addition, the FCC did
 not require incumbents to provide competitive carriers with
access to operator and directory assistance services. These
aspects of the order are not expected to have a material adverse
effect on our operations.

The Supreme Court s decision did not address or resolve the
incumbent carriers challenge to the FCC s
forward-looking pricing methodology for unbundling network
elements. The incumbent carriers have challenged this methodology
 before the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals, claiming that the
pricing procedure should take into account historical costs. If
the incumbent carriers succeed in this contention, we would be
required to pay more to purchase network elements, which could
increase our cost of doing business.

Regulation of the RBOC s Ability to Provide Long Distance
 Service. The FCC has primary jurisdiction over the
implementation of Section 271 of the Telecom Act, which
provides that the RBOCs cannot combine in-region long distance
services with the local services they offer until they have
demonstrated that:

they have entered into an approved interconnection agreement with
	 a facilities-based competitive telephone company or that no such
	 competitive telephone company has requested interconnection as
	of a statutorily determined deadline, 

they have satisfied a 14-element checklist designed to ensure
	that the RBOC is offering access and interconnection to all local
	 exchange carriers on competitive terms, and 

the FCC has determined that allowing the RBOC to offer in-region,
	 long distance services is consistent with the public interest,
	convenience and necessity. 

In December 1999, Bell Atlantic became the first RBOC to win
 Section 271 authority when the FCC approved its application
 to provide long distance services in the State of New York. SBC
Communications has pending an application filed with the FCC in
January 2000 for Section 271 authority to enter the
long distance market in Texas. The FCC is expected to rule on
this application in April 2000. In addition, several
applications are currently pending before state commissions and
it is expected that these applications plus several new
applications are likely to be filed with the FCC in the near
future. We cannot predict if any of these applications will be
approved or when such approval is likely to occur. Approval could
 have an adverse

 20

Table of Contents 

affect on our ability to compete if it is not accompanied by
safeguards to ensure that the RBOC continues to comply with the
market-opening requirements of Section 271 or if it is
granted prematurely before the RBOC has completely satisfied the
market-opening requirements. For example, the FCC recently fined
Bell Atlantic after concluding that widespread systems problems
have hindered many of its customers from switching telephone
service to Bell Atlantic s competitors.

Provision of Advanced Telecommunications Services. Rules
promulgated under the Telecom Act restrict the RBOCs 
ability to provide advanced telecommunications services, such as
data and DSL services. In August 1998, the FCC denied the
request of various RBOCs that the FCC waive enforcement of these
restrictions, but the agency also initiated a proceeding, which
is still pending, to determine whether to relax some of the
restrictions. Certain of the RBOCs also have filed tariffs for
the provision of advanced services, such as DSL, that are based
upon an assumption that these services are outside the purview of
 the Telecom Act under certain circumstances. The FCC has allowed
 these tariffs to go into effect and has determined that the
RBOCs treatment of these services is lawful. This decision
may have the effect of allowing RBOCs to provide terms,
conditions and pricing to their own affiliates that provide data
services that are better than those made available to
unaffiliated competitors.

Universal Service. In 1997, the FCC established a
significantly expanded federal telecommunications subsidy regime
known as universal service. For example, the FCC
established new subsidies for services provided to qualifying
schools and libraries and rural health care providers, and
expanded existing subsidies to low income consumers. Most
telecommunications companies, including NEXTLINK, must pay for
these programs based on its share of certain defined
telecommunications revenues. In a 1999 decision, the Fifth
Circuit Court of Appeals issued a ruling that had the net effect
of somewhat lowering our contribution of revenues to universal
service. We cannot be sure that legislation or FCC rulemaking
will not increase the size of our subsidy payments or the scope
of the subsidy program.

Access Charge Reform. Long distance carriers pay local
carriers, including NEXTLINK, interstate access charges for both
originating and terminating the interstate calls of long distance
 customers on the local carriers networks. Historically,
the RBOCs set access charges higher than cost and justified this
pricing to regulators as a subsidy to the cost of providing local
 telephone service to higher cost customers. With the
establishment of an explicit universal service subsidy mechanism,
 however, the FCC is under increasing pressure to revise the
current access charge regime to bring the charges closer to the
cost of providing access. In response, the FCC has initiated a
proceeding to consider whether competitors access charges
should be regulated and a request by AT&T that
competitors access rates be set through negotiation rather
than tariffing. The method selected and the timing of a FCC
decision to lower access charge levels or an FCC decision
requiring that competitors access rates be set through
negotiation rather than tariffing may reduce access charge
revenue that we receive from long distance carriers. Although an
FCC decision lowering access charges may reduce our access charge
 revenues, we do not expect that such a reduction would have a
material impact on our total revenues or financial position.

Regulation of Business Combinations. The FCC, along with
the Department of Justice and state commissions, has jurisdiction
 over business combinations involving telecommunications
companies. The FCC has reviewed a number of recent and proposed
combinations to determine whether the combination would undermine
 the market-opening incentives of the Telecom Act by permitting
the combined company to expand its operations without opening its
 local markets to competition or have other anti-competitive
effects on the telecommunications and Internet access markets.
For example, the FCC conditioned its approval of the recent
Ameritech and SBC Communications combination on the parties 
 agreement to a series of safeguards intended to neutralize any
adverse affect on competitors. In addition, the FCC approved the
Qwest and US West combination, subject to Qwest s
divestiture of long distance customers in US West territory. We
cannot predict whether these conditions will be effective, nor
can we predict whether the FCC will impose similar conditions
should it approve future business combinations currently under
consideration by the FCC, including the proposed mergers of GTE
with Bell Atlantic and MCI WorldCom with Sprint.

 21

Table of Contents 

 State Regulation 

State regulatory commissions retain jurisdiction over our
facilities and services to the extent they are used to provide
intrastate communications. We expect that we will be subject to
direct state regulation in most, if not all, states in which we
operate in the future. Many states require certification before a
 company can provide intrastate communications services. We are
certified in all states where we have operations and
certification is required. We cannot be sure that we will retain
such certifications or that we will receive authorization for
markets in which we expect to operate in the future.

Most states require us to file tariffs or price lists setting
forth the terms, conditions and prices for services that are
classified as intrastate. In some states, our tariff can list a
range of prices for particular services. In other states, prices
can be set on an individual customer basis. We are not subject to
 price cap or to rate of return regulation in any state in which
we currently provide service.

Under the regulatory arrangement contemplated by the Telecom Act,
 state authorities continue to regulate matters related to
universal service, public safety and welfare, quality of service
and consumer rights. All of these regulations, however, must be
competitively neutral and consistent with the Telecom Act, which
generally prohibits state regulation that has the effect of
prohibiting us from providing telecommunications services in any
particular state. State commissions also enforce some of the
Telecom Act s local competition provisions, including those
governing the arbitration of interconnection disputes between the
 incumbent carriers and competitive telephone companies.

 Local Government Regulation

In certain locations, we must obtain local franchises, licenses
or other operating rights and street opening and construction
permits to install, expand and operate our fiber-optic networks.
In some of the areas where we provide network services, our
subsidiaries pay license or franchise fees based on a percentage
of gross revenues or on a per linear foot basis. Cities that do
not currently impose fees might seek to impose them in the
future, and after the expiration of existing franchises, fees
could increase. Under the Telecom Act, state and local
governments retain the right to manage the public rights-of-way
and to require fair and reasonable compensation from
telecommunications providers, on a competitively neutral and
nondiscriminatory basis, for use of public rights-of-way. As
noted above, these activities must be consistent with the Telecom
 Act, and may not have the effect of prohibiting us from
providing telecommunications services in any particular local
jurisdiction.

If an existing franchise or license agreements were terminated
prior to its expiration date and we were forced to remove our
fiber from the streets or abandon our network in place, our
operations in that area would cease, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business as a whole. We believe that the
provisions of the Telecom Act barring state and local
requirements that prohibit or have the effect of prohibiting any
entity from providing telecommunications service should be
construed to limit any such action. Although none of our existing
 franchise or license agreements have been terminated, and we
have received no threat of such a termination, there can be no
assurance that one or more local authorities will not attempt to
take such action. Nor is it clear that we would prevail in any
judicial or regulatory proceeding to resolve such a dispute.

 Environmental Regulation 

Our switch site and customer premise locations are equipped with
back-up power sources in the event of an electrical failure. Each
 of our switch site locations has battery and diesel fuel powered
 back-up generators, and we use batteries to back-up some of our
customer premise equipment. Federal, state and local
environmental laws require that we notify certain authorities of
the location of hazardous materials and that we implement spill
prevention plans. During 1999, we instituted a program, retained
environmental consultants, and worked with federal and state
environmental regulators to bring us into compliance with these
laws and regulations. The cost related to those efforts are not
expected to be material. We believe that we currently are in
compliance with these requirements in all material respects.

 22

Table of Contents 

 Canadian Regulation 

Wispra Networks, as the provisional winner of fixed broadband
wireless spectrum licenses in Canada s recent spectrum
auction, will be subject to regulation by Industry Canada, which
regulates wireless licensees, and the Canadian Radio-television
and Telecommunications Commission, known as CRTC, which regulates
 local, interexchange and international telecommunications
carriers operating in Canada. To be eligible to hold wireless
licenses or to operate as a Canadian competitive local exchange
carrier, an entity must be Canadian-owned and controlled and
incorporated under the laws of Canada. Although Wispra expects
that its applications to hold its wireless licenses and for
competitive carrier status ultimately will be approved, it cannot
 predict whether that approval will be conditioned upon changes
to the joint venture between NEXTLINK International and its
Canadian partners that are adverse to our interests. Wispra must
also secure licenses from the cities in its markets to occupy the
 municipal rights of way. Wispra has no assurance that these
licenses will be granted, or that if they are granted that they
are on terms and conditions favorable to Wispra.

Like in the United States, incumbent carriers in Canada must
provide competitive carriers with interconnection, including
collocation in their central offices and access to unbundled
network elements. There, however, are significant differences
between the Canadian and the United States regulatory structures.
 In many cases, the Canadian regulations are less favorable for
competitive carriers than those applicable in the United States.
In addition, Canadian regulation promotes the ownership and
control of Canadian telecommunications carriers by Canadians and
restricts the voting rights and equity participation of
non-Canadian investors like us in ventures like Wispra.

 Competition 

The regulatory environment in which we operate is changing
rapidly. The passage of the Telecom Act combined with other
actions by the FCC and state regulatory authorities continues to
promote competition in the provision of telecommunications
services.

 Incumbent Carriers 

In each market we serve, we face, and expect to continue to face,
 significant competition from the incumbent carriers, which
currently dominate the local telecommunications markets. We
compete with the incumbent carriers in our markets for local
exchange services on the basis of product offerings, reliability,
 state-of-the-art technology, price, route diversity, ease of
ordering and customer service. However, the incumbent carriers
have long-standing relationships with their customers and provide
 those customers with various transmission and switching services
 that we, in many cases, do not currently offer. Current
competition for telecommunications services is based primarily on
 quality, capacity and reliability of network facilities,
customer service, response to customer needs, service features
and price, and is not based on any proprietary technology.
Because our fiber optic networks have been recently installed
compared to those of the incumbent carriers, our networks 
dual path architectures and state-of-the-art technology may
provide us with cost, capacity, and service quality advantages
over some existing incumbent carrier networks.

 Other Competitors 

We also face, and expect to continue to face, competition for
local telecommunications services from other competitors and
potential competitors. In addition to the incumbent carriers,
competitors and potential competitors offering or capable of
offering switched local and long distance services include long
distance carriers such as AT&T, MCI WorldCom, Inc. and Sprint
 Corporation (which has agreed to merge with MCI WorldCom), cable
 television companies the largest of which have merged or agreed
to merge with AT&T and America Online, Inc., electric
utilities, microwave carriers, wireless telephone system
operators and private networks built by large end users, as well
as other new entrants such as Qwest, Level 3, McLeodUSA
Incorporated, Winstar Communications, Inc. and Teligent, Inc.

We also compete with long distance carriers in the provision of
long distance services. Although the long distance market is
dominated by three major competitors, AT&T, MCI WorldCom, and
 Sprint, hundreds of

 23

Table of Contents 

other companies, such as Qwest, also compete in the long distance
 marketplace. In addition, we will compete with the RBOCs for the
 provision of long distance service as they receive FCC authority
 to offer such service.

Many of our existing and potential competitors have financial,
personnel and other resources, including name recognition,
significantly greater than ours.

 Data Service Competitors 

Whether or not the Concentric acquisition closes, we will face
competition from at least four groups of companies for Internet
access and other data services, and the following are examples of
 the key competitors in these groups:

Telecommunications companies: AT&T, MCI WorldCom,
	Sprint, Qwest, Level 3 Communications, the incumbent carriers; 

Online service providers: America Online, Inc., CompuServe
	 Corporation, MSN, the Microsoft Network, Prodigy Communications
	Corporation; 

Internet service providers: BBN Corporation, a subsidiary
	of GTE, EarthLink Network, Inc., MindSpring Enterprises, Inc.,
	PSINet Inc., Verio Inc., other national and regional providers;
	and 

Web hosting providers: AboveNet Communications, Exodus
	Communications. 

Additional groups of competitors include cable companies and DSL
providers, including Covad Communications Group, Inc. and Rhythms
 Netconnections, Inc.

Many of these competitors have greater market presence,
engineering and marketing capabilities, and financial,
technological and personnel resources than those available to us,
 even if the Concentric acquisition closes.

 Other Business Competitors

Our enhanced communications service offerings are also subject to
 competition. For example, there are several competitors that
offer interactive voice response services similar to those
offered by NEXTLINK Interactive, such as Call Interactive and
West Teleservices Corporation, which we believe focus their sales
 efforts on large volume interactive voice response service
users. Additionally, many of the long distance competitors
discussed above have their own enhanced services products that
compete with those offered by NEXTLINK Interactive.

Our shared tenant services business competes with a number of
companies offering similar services, including Allied Riser
Communications Corporation, OnSite Access and Cypress
Communications.

 Employees 

As of December 31, 1999, we employed approximately 3,500
people, including full-time and part-time employees. We consider
our employee relations to be good. None of our employees is
covered by a collective bargaining agreement.

 Risk Factors 

 Risks Related to Liquidity
and Financial Resources 

 We have a history of increasing net losses and negative cash
flow from operations and may not be able to satisfy our cash
needs from operations 

For each period since inception, we have incurred substantial and
 increasing net losses and negative cash flow from operations.
For 1999, we posted a net loss attributable to common
stockholders of approximately 627.9 million and showed
negative cash flow from operations of approximately
 358.9 million. Our accumulated deficit was approximately
 1,217.5 million at December 31, 1999. We expect that
losses and negative cash flow from operations will continue over
the next several years.

 24

Table of Contents 

Our existing operations do not currently, and are not expected to
 in the near future to, generate cash flows from which we can
make interest payments on our outstanding notes, make dividend
payments on our outstanding preferred stock or fund continuing
operations and planned capital expenditures. We cannot know when,
 if ever, net cash generated by our internal business operations
will support our growth and continued operations. If we are
unable to generate cash flow in the future sufficient to cover
our fixed charges and are unable to raise sufficient funds from
other sources, we may be required to:

refinance all or a portion of our existing debt and redeemable
	preferred stock; or 

sell all or a portion of our assets. 

We have substantial existing debt and we will incur
substantial additional debt 

As of December 31, 1999, we had outstanding nine issues of
senior notes totaling 3,733.3 million in principal amount,
approximately 4.1 million in miscellaneous debt obligations
 of our subsidiaries, and two series of redeemable preferred
stock. These preferred stock series include 8,324,796 shares of
14 exchangeable preferred stock, with a liquidation preference
of 50 per share, and 4,000,000 shares of 6 1/2 cumulative
convertible preferred stock, with a liquidation preference of 50
 per share.

Since December 31, 1999, we have obtained a
 1,000.0 million credit facility, of which
 375.0 million has been drawn, and have issued two
additional series of preferred stock in connection with the
Forstmann Little investment. These preferred stock issuances
included 584,375 shares of Series C cumulative convertible
participating preferred stock and 265,625 shares of Series D
 convertible participating preferred stock, both with a
liquidation preference of 1,000 per share.

At December 31, 1999 Concentric s total liabilities
(including current portion) was 214.8 million, including
its 12 3/4 Senior Notes due 2007, which has an aggregate
principal amount of 150.0 million. Concentric also has
outstanding 187,205 shares of preferred stock with dividends
which accrue at the rate of 13 1/2 per year which, prior to
 June 1, 2003, are payable in additional shares of preferred
 stock at Concentric s option, and which are redeemable at
 1,000 per share, and 50,000 shares of preferred stock with
dividends which accrue at the rate of 7 per year, redeemable at
 1,000 per share.

The indentures under which our notes have been issued, and our
credit facility, permit us to incur substantial additional debt.
We fully expect to draw down the remaining 625 million
available under our credit facility and borrow substantial
additional funds in the next several years. This additional
indebtedness, together with any indebtedness we assume in
connection with the Concentric acquisition, will further increase
 the risk of a default unless we can establish an adequate
revenue base and generate sufficient cash flow to repay our
indebtedness. We cannot assure you that we will ever establish an
 adequate revenue base to produce an operating profit or generate
 adequate positive cash flow to provide future capital
expenditures and repayment of debt.

 We do not have sufficient additional financing commitments to
meet our long term needs and, if we are not successful in raising
 additional capital, we will not be able to build and maintain
our business 

Building our business will require substantial additional capital
 spending. Our capital spending plans have increased
substantially over time, as our strategy has evolved and our
planned networks have grown larger and more robust. We will need
to raise additional capital because our anticipated future
capital requirements exceed the 1,881.8 million in cash and
 marketable securities we had on hand as of December 31,
1999, the 850.0 million that we received in
January 2000 in connection with the Forstmann Little
investment, the 375.0 million that we received in
February 2000 in connection with our credit facility, and
the 625.0 million currently available under our credit
facility, our only current commitment for additional financing.
If we fail to raise sufficient capital, we may be required to
delay or abandon some of our planned future expansion or
expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on our
growth and our ability to compete in the telecommunications
services industry and generate profits for stockholders, and
could even result in a payment default on our existing debt.

 25

Table of Contents 

Under the terms of the indenture governing Concentric s
12 3/4 Senior Notes due 2007, and the terms of its
13 1/2 Series B Senior Redeemable Exchangeable
Preferred Stock, upon completion of the Concentric acquisition we
 will be required to offer to repurchase those outstanding senior
 notes and shares of preferred stock at a purchase price equal to
 101 of the principal amount of the senior notes and 101 of the
 liquidation preference of the shares of the preferred stock. As
of December 31, 1999, the total principal amount of the
senior notes and the liquidation preference of the shares of
preferred stock outstanding was approximately
 338.7 million. If we were required to utilize available
cash to fund repurchase of all or a significant amount of
Concentric s senior notes and preferred stock, it would
reduce the amount of funds available to implement our business
plan.

 The covenants in our indentures and credit facility restrict
our financial and operational flexibility, which could have an
adverse affect on our results of operations 

The indentures under which our senior notes have been issued and
our credit facility contains covenants that restrict, among other
 things, our ability to borrow money, make particular types of
investments or other restricted payments, sell assets or merge or
 consolidate. Our credit facility also requires us to maintain
specified financial ratios. If we fail to comply with these
covenants or meet these financial ratios, the noteholders or the
lenders under our credit facility could declare a default and
demand immediate repayment. Unless we cure any such default, they
 could seek a judgment and attempt to seize our assets to satisfy
 the debt to them. The security for our credit facility consists
of all of the assets purchased with the proceeds thereof, the
stock of certain of our direct subsidiaries, all assets of
NEXTLINK and, to the extent of 125 million of guaranteed
debt, all assets of certain of our subsidiaries. In addition, a
default under any of these obligations could adversely affect our
 rights under other commercial agreements.

Our existing debt obligations and outstanding redeemable
preferred stock also could affect our financial and operational
flexibility, as follows:

they may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the
	 future; 

they will require that a substantial portion of our cash flow
	from operations and financing activities be dedicated to the
	payment of interest on debt and dividends on preferred stock,
	which will reduce the funds available for other purposes; 

they may limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to
	changes in market conditions; and 

they may cause us to be more vulnerable in the event of a
	downturn in our business. 

Risks Related to Network
Development 

 If we cannot quickly and efficiently install our hardware, we
will be unable to generate revenue 

Each of our networks consists of many different pieces of
hardware, including switches, routers, fiber optic cables,
electronics and combination radio transmitter/receivers, known as
 transceivers, and associated equipment, which are difficult to
install. If we cannot install this hardware quickly, the time in
which customers can be connected to our network and we can begin
to generate revenue from our network will be delayed. You should
be aware that the construction of our national fiber optic
network is not under our control, but is under the control of
Level 3 Communications. If Level 3 fails to complete its network
on time or if it fails to perform as specified, our strategy of
linking our local networks to one another and creating an
end-to-end national network will be delayed.

 IP technology has not yet been perfected for full service
networks like ours 

We plan to rely on IP technology as the basis for our planned
end-to-end network. Although IP technology is used throughout the
 Internet, its extension to support other telecommunications
applications, such as voice and video, has not yet been
perfected, and IP technology currently has several deficiencies,
including poor reliability and quality. Integrating these
technologies into our network may prove difficult and may be
subject to delays. We cannot assure you that these improvements
will become available in a timely

 26

Table of Contents 

fashion or at reasonable cost, if at all, or that the technology
choices we make will prove to be cost effective and correct.

We may not be able to connect our network to the incumbent
carrier s network or obtain Internet peering arrangements on
 favorable terms 

We require interconnection agreements with the incumbent carrier
to connect our customers to the public telephone network. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate or
renegotiate interconnection agreements in all of our markets on
favorable terms.

If we fail to consummate the Concentric merger for any reason, we
 will require peering arrangements with other ISPs, particularly
the large, national ISPs, to implement our planned expansion of
data services including Internet access services. Peering
arrangements are agreements among Internet backbone providers to
exchange data traffic. Depending on the relative size of the
carriers involved, these exchanges may be made without settlement
 charge. Although we anticipate that we would be able to enter
into the agreements necessary to become an ISP, the terms and
conditions of these peering agreements are becoming more
restrictive as Internet service becomes increasingly
commercialized, and we cannot be sure that these peering
arrangements would be on favorable terms.

 Physical space limitations in office buildings and landlord
demands for fees or revenue sharing could limit our ability to
connect customers directly to our networks and reduce our
operating margins 

Connecting a customer who is a tenant in an office building
directly to our network requires installation of in-building
cabling through the building s risers from the
customer s office to our fiber in the street or our antenna
on the roof. In some office buildings, particularly the premier
buildings in the largest markets, the risers are already close to
 their maximum physical capacity due to the entry of other
competitive carriers into the market. Moreover, the owners of
these buildings are increasingly requiring competitive
telecommunications service providers like NEXTLINK to pay fees or
 otherwise share revenue as a condition of access. We have not
been required to pay these fees in the smaller markets we have
served in the past, but may be required to do so to penetrate
larger markets, which would reduce our operating margins. In
addition, some major office building owners have equity interests
 in, or joint ventures with, companies offering broadband
communications services over fiber optic networks and may have an
 incentive to encourage their tenants to choose those
companies services over ours or to grant those companies
more favorable terms for installation of in-building cabling.

 Our deployment of wireless first mile connections could be
delayed by a lack of acceptable equipment and by installation
risks 

Our LMDS broadband wireless spectrum is a newly-authorized
service, and equipment vendors are only beginning to offer
radios, transceivers and related equipment designed to work at
these frequencies. Recently completed field testing revealed that
 improvements in the price, features and functionality of the
point-to-multi-point equipment must be made before we undertake a
 broader commercial launch of services using this technology.
Although our vendors have advised us that these improvements will
 be incorporated in their second generation equipment, this
equipment is still in development. We cannot be certain that
commercial quantities of equipment meeting our standards will be
available in time to meet our development schedule.

LMDS direct connections require us to obtain access to rooftops
from building owners and to satisfy local construction and zoning
 rules for antennas and transmitters. The need to obtain these
authorizations could be an additional source of cost and delay.

 We cannot accurately predict the total cost of our wireless
first mile deployment 

Although we have selected one vendor from which we will purchase
LMDS equipment, because our fixed wireless deployment strategy
contemplates utilizing a number of equipment vendors, we do not
know precisely how much the equipment we will need will cost.
Installation costs are expected to vary greatly, depending on the
 particular characteristics of the locations to be served. After
initial installation, we

 27

Table of Contents 

expect to incur additional costs to reconfigure, redeploy and
upgrade our wireless direct connections as technologies improve.

It is expensive and difficult to switch new customers to our
network, and provisioning bottlenecks with the incumbent carrier
can slow the new customer connection process 

It is expensive and difficult for us to switch a new customer to
our network because:

a potential customer faces switching costs if it decides to
	become our customer, and 

we require cooperation from the incumbent carrier in instances
	where there is no direct connection between the customer and our
	network. 

Our principal competitors, the incumbent carriers, are already
established providers of local telephone services to all or
virtually all telephone subscribers within their respective
service areas. Their physical connections from their premises to
those of their customers are expensive and difficult to
duplicate. To complete the new customer provisioning process, we
rely on the incumbent carrier to process certain information. The
 incumbent carriers have a financial interest in retaining their
customers, which could reduce their willingness to cooperate with
 our new customer provisioning requests.

 If we lose key personnel and qualified technical staff, our
ability to manage the day-to-day aspects of our complex network
will be weakened 

We believe that a critical component for our success will be the
attraction and retention of qualified professional and technical
personnel. There is intense competition for qualified personnel
in our business with the technical and other skill sets that we
seek. The loss of the services of our senior executive management
 team or other key personnel, or the inability to attract
additional qualified personnel, could cause us to make less
successful strategic decisions, which could hinder the
introduction of new services or the entry into new markets. We
could also be less prepared for technological or marketing
problems, which could reduce our ability to serve our customers
and lower the quality of our services. We may not be able to
attract, develop, motivate and retain experienced and innovative
personnel. In addition, we must also develop and retain a large
and sophisticated sales force, particularly in connection with
our plan to target larger national customers. If we fail to do
so, there will be an adverse effect on our ability to generate
revenue and, consequently, our operating cash flow.

 Risks Related to Competition
and Our Industry 

 We face competition in local markets from other carriers,
putting downward pressure on prices 

We face competition in each of our markets principally with the
incumbent carrier in that market, but also from recent and
potential market entrants, including long distance carriers
seeking to enter, reenter or expand entry into the local exchange
 marketplace, such as AT&T, MCI WorldCom and Sprint (which
has agreed to merge with MCI WorldCom). This competition places
downward pressure on prices for local telephone service and data
services, which can adversely affect our operating results. In
addition, we expect competition from other companies, such as
cable television companies, electric utilities, microwave
carriers, wireless telephone system operators and private
networks built by large end-users. We cannot assure you that we
will be able to compete effectively with these industry
participants.

 We face competition in long distance markets, putting downward
 pressure on prices 

We also face intense competition from long distance carriers in
the provision of long distance services, which places downward
pressure on prices for long distance services, including both
voice and data services, and makes it difficult for us to achieve
 positive operating cash flow. Although the long distance market
is dominated by three major competitors, AT&T, MCI WorldCom
and Sprint (which has agreed to merge with MCI WorldCom),
hundreds of other companies, such as Qwest, also compete in the
long distance marketplace. We also anticipate that the incumbent
carriers will be competing in the long distance market in

 28

Table of Contents 

the near future. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
effectively compete with any of these industry participants.

We face competition in creating a national broadband network

Several of our competitors, such as AT&T, MCI WorldCom,
Qwest, Level 3, IXC and Williams, are creating end-to-end
broadband networks that would compete directly with the network
we are building. In addition, other competitors have the ability
to do so as well. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
successfully compete with these service providers.

 We face competition for data services 

Competitors for data services consist of online service
providers, Internet service providers and Web hosting providers.
New competitors continue to enter this market and include large
computer hardware, software, media and other technology and
telecommunications companies, including the incumbent carriers.
Certain telecommunications companies and online services
providers are currently offering or have announced plans to offer
 Internet or online services or to expand their network services.
 Certain companies, including America Online, BBN, PSINet and
Verio, have also obtained or expanded their Internet access
products and services.

 Many of these competitors have superior resources, which may
place us at a cost and price disadvantage 

Many of our current and potential competitors have market
presence, engineering, technical and marketing capabilities and
financial, personnel and other resources substantially greater
than those of NEXTLINK. As a result, some of our competitors can
raise capital at a lower cost than we can, and they may be able
to develop and expand their communications and network
infrastructures more quickly, adapt more swiftly to new or
emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, take
advantage of acquisition and other opportunities more readily,
and devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their
products and services than we can. Also, our competitors 
greater brand name recognition may require us to price our
services at lower levels in order to win business. Finally, our
competitors cost advantages give them the ability to reduce
 their prices for an extended period of time if they so choose.

 The technologies we use may become obsolete, which would limit
 our ability to compete effectively 

The telecommunications industry is subject to rapid and
significant changes in technology. If we do not replace or
upgrade technology and equipment that becomes obsolete, we will
be unable to compete effectively because we will not be able to
meet the expectations of our customers.

The following technologies and equipment that we use or will use
are subject to obsolescence: wireline and wireless transmission
technologies, circuit and packet switching technologies,
multiplexing technologies and data transmission technologies,
including the DSL, ATM and IP technologies. In addition, we
cannot assure you that the technologies in which we choose to
invest will lead to successful implementation of our business
plan.

Additionally, the markets for data and Internet-related services
are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving
industry standards, changes in customer needs, emerging
competition and frequent new product and service introductions.
The future success of our data services business will depend, in
part, on our ability to accomplish the following in a timely and
cost-effective manner:

effectively use leading technologies; 

continue to develop technical expertise; 

enhance current networking services; 

develop new services that meet changing customer needs; and 

influence and respond to emerging industry standards and other
	technological changes. 

29

Table of Contents 

Our pursuit of necessary technological advances may require
substantial time and expense.

 We may be required to pay patent licensing fees, which will
divert funds which could be used for other purposes 

From time to time, we receive requests to consider licensing
certain patents held by third parties that may have bearing on
our interactive voice response, other enhanced, or data services.
 Should we be required to pay license fees in the future, such
payments, if substantial, could have a material adverse effect on
 our results of operations.

 Our company and industry are highly regulated, imposing
substantial compliance costs and restricting our ability to
compete in our target markets 

We are subject to varying degrees of federal, state and local
regulation. This regulation imposes substantial compliance costs
on us. It also restricts our ability to compete. For example, in
each state in which we desire to offer our services, we are
required to obtain authorization from the appropriate state
commission. We cannot assure you that we will receive
authorization for markets or services to be launched in the
future. For further discussion regarding regulatory matters and
risks related thereto, see Business Regulatory
Overview .

 The requirement that we obtain permits and rights-of-way
increases our cost of doing business 

In order for us to acquire and develop our fiber networks, we
must obtain local franchises and other permits, as well as
rights-of-way and fiber capacity from entities such as incumbent
carriers and other utilities, railroads, long distance companies,
 state highway authorities, local governments and transit
authorities. You should be aware that the process of obtaining
these permits and rights-of-way increases our cost of doing
business.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our
existing franchises, permits and rights-of-way that we need to
implement our business. Nor can we assure you that we will be
able to obtain and maintain the other franchises, permits and
rights that we require. A sustained and material failure to
obtain or maintain these rights could materially adversely affect
 our business in the affected metropolitan area.

 Risks Related to Growth,
Development of Data Services and the Concentric Acquisition 

Continued rapid growth of our network, services and
subscribers could be slowed if we cannot manage this growth 

We have rapidly expanded and developed our network, services and
subscribers, and expect to continue to do so. This has placed and
 will continue to place significant demands on our management,
operational and financial systems and procedures and controls. We
 may not be able to manage our anticipated growth effectively,
which would harm our business, results of operations and
financial condition. Further expansion and development will
depend on a number of factors, including:

technological developments; 

our ability to hire, train and retain qualified personnel in a
	competitive labor market; 

availability of rights-of-way, building access and antenna sites; 

development of customer billing, order processing and network
	management systems that are capable of serving our growing
	customer base; 

cooperation of the existing local telephone companies; 

regulatory and governmental developments; and 

existence of strategic alliances or relationships. 

30

Table of Contents 

We will need to continue to improve our operational and financial
 systems and our procedures and controls as we grow. We must also
 develop, train and manage our employees.

 Our ability to succeed in the data services market is
uncertain 

Our ability to succeed in the data services market depends to a
large extent on our ability to build a tailored, value-added
network services business. Our ability to do so is subject to the
 following risks:

the data services markets are relatively new, and current and
	future competitors are likely to introduce competing services or
	products which may result in market saturation; 

certain critical issues concerning commercial use of tailored,
	value-added services and Internet services, including, among
	others, security, reliability, ease and cost of access, and
	quality of service, remain unresolved and may impact the growth
	of such services; 

the market for data services may fail to grow or grow more slowly
	 than anticipated; 

reliability, quality or compatibility problems with new
	enterprise service offerings which we may introduce could
	significantly delay or hinder market acceptance and could divert
	technical and other resources; 

our inability to obtain sufficient quantities of sole- or
	limited-source components required to provide data services or to
	 develop alternative sources, if required, could result in delays
	 and increased costs in expanding, and overburdening of, our
	network infrastructure; 

suppliers may not provide us with products or components that
	comply with Internet standards or that inter-operate with other
	products or components used in our network infrastructure; 

capacity constraints that adversely affect the system performance
	 if demand for data services were to increase faster than
	projected or were to exceed current forecasts; 

our ability to respond to changing customer requirements or
	evolving industry trends; 

the failure of any link in the delivery chain, including the
	networks with which we may establish public or private peering
	arrangements or private transit; 

the market for tailored value-added network services is extremely
	 competitive, and we expect that competition will intensify in
	the future; 

increased price and other competition due to Internet industry
	consolidation; 

interruptions in service due to a natural disaster, such as an
	earthquake, or other unanticipated problem; and 

liability for information disseminated through our network. 

If the Concentric acquisition closes, we could face these risks
sooner, and the magnitude of such risks could be greater, than if
 we fully implemented our data services strategy organically.

 The Concentric acquisition remains subject to Concentric
stockholder approval and other conditions 

If Concentric stockholders fail to approve our proposed
acquisition, or if that transaction fails to close for any other
reason, our data strategy will likely take longer than if we
combined with Concentric and our entry into the data services and
 web hosting business will be delayed. As a consequence, our
business will not expand as rapidly in this significant, rapidly
growing area of the telecommunications market.

 If the Concentric acquisition closes we will face challenges
integrating our business with theirs, and difficulties in the
integration process may prevent the benefits of the merger from
being realized 

The Concentric acquisition will be the largest acquisition we
have made to date. As a result of the differing nature of
Concentric s and NEXTLINK s operations, it may be
difficult to quickly integrate the

 31

Table of Contents 

products, services, technologies, research and development
activities, administration, sales and marketing and other
operations of the two companies. Integration difficulties may
disrupt the combined company s business and could prevent
the achievement of the potential benefits of the merger. The
difficulties, costs and delays involved in integrating Concentric
 and NEXTLINK, which could be substantial, may include:

Distracting management and other key personnel, particularly
	sales and marketing personnel and senior engineers involved in
	network deployment, from the business of the combined company; 

Failure to integrate complex technology, product lines and
	development plans and the difficulty of maintaining uniform
	standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

Potential incompatibility of business cultures; 

Costs and delays in implementing common systems and procedures,
	particularly in integrating different information systems; 

Inability to retain and integrate key management, technical,
	sales and customer support personnel; 

Disruptions in the combined sales forces that may result in a
	loss of current customers or the inability to close sales with
	potential customers; 

The additional financial resources that may be needed to fund
	combined operations; 

Incorporating acquired technology or businesses into service
	offerings to maximize the combined company s financial and
	strategic position; and 

Impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a
	result of changes in management. 

If we cannot quickly and efficiently integrate Concentric s
personnel, products and services with our own following the
closing, we will not enjoy the full benefits we anticipate from
the transaction. Concentric officers and employees have valuable
knowledge of the data services and web hosting business that
would be difficult to replace if we do not retain the services of
 a substantial portion of them.

 We face risks associated with international expansion 

We have begun to expand into Canadian markets, and through the
Concentric acquisition we would acquire a subsidiary in the
United Kingdom. We may in the future expand into other
international markets, either through acquisition of businesses
or assets, organic development, or a combination thereof. The
following risks are inherent in doing business on an
international level:

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

export restrictions; 

export controls relating to encryption technology; 

tariffs and other trade barriers; 

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

longer payment cycles; 

problems in collecting accounts receivable; 

political instability; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

seasonal reductions in business activity during the summer months
	 in Europe and certain other parts of the world; and 

potentially adverse tax consequences that could adversely impact
	the success of our international operations. 

32

Table of Contents 

We cannot assure you that one or more of such factors will not
have a material adverse effect on our future international
operations.

 Other Risks 

 Craig O. McCaw, who controls approximately 55 of the voting
power of NEXTLINK, may have interests which are adverse to your
interests 

Craig O. McCaw, primarily through his majority ownership and
control of Eagle River Investments, L.L.C., currently controls
approximately 55 of NEXTLINK s total voting power, and
holds proxies that are likely to continue to assure that
Mr. McCaw will hold a majority of that voting power. Because
 Mr. McCaw has the ability to control the direction and future
operations of NEXTLINK and has interests in other companies that
may compete with NEXTLINK, he may make decisions which are
adverse to your interests and the interests of other NEXTLINK
security holders.

Mr. McCaw effectively controls a decision whether a change
of control of NEXTLINK will occur. Moreover, Delaware corporate
law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire
control of us, even if a change of control could be beneficial to
 you.

 We do not plan on paying any dividends on our common stock 

We do not anticipate paying any dividends for the foreseeable
future. Our credit facility and the indentures governing our
senior notes restrict our ability to pay cash dividends.

 Forward-Looking Statements

Our forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of
factors that could cause actual results to differ significantly
from current beliefs 

Some statements and information contained in this report are not
historical facts, but are forward-looking statements ,
 as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be
identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as
 believes, expects, plans, 
 may, will, would, 
 could, should, or anticipates 
 or the negative of these words or other variations of these
words or other comparable words, or by discussions of strategy
that involve risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding:

market development, the number of markets we expect to serve, and
	 the expected number of addressable business lines in such
	markets; 

network development, including those with respect to IP and ATM
	network and facilities development and deployment, broadband
	fixed wireless technology, testing and installation, high speed
	technologies such as DSL, and matters relevant to our national
	network; 

liquidity and financial resources, including anticipated capital
	expenditures, funding of capital expenditures and anticipated
	levels of indebtedness; and 

statements with respect to the Concentric acquisition and its
	effects. 

All such forward-looking statements are qualified by the inherent
 risks and uncertainties surrounding expectations generally, and
also may materially differ from our actual experience involving
any one or more of these matters and subject areas. The operation
 and results of our business also may be subject to the effect of
 other risks and uncertainties in addition to the relevant
qualifying factors identified in the above Risk
Factors section and elsewhere in this report, including,
but not limited to:

general economic conditions in the geographic areas that we are
	targeting for communications services; 

the ability to achieve and maintain market penetration and
	average per access line revenue levels sufficient to provide
	financial viability to our business; 

access to sufficient debt or equity capital to meet our operating
	 and financing needs; 

the quality and price of similar or comparable communications
	services offered or to be offered by our competitors; and 

future telecommunications-related legislation or regulatory
	actions. 

33

Table of Contents 

 NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. 

NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. is a Washington corporation and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of NEXTLINK Communications. NEXTLINK
Capital was formed for the sole purpose of obtaining financing
from external sources when NEXTLINK Communications was a limited
liability company. It is a joint obligor with NEXTLINK
Communications on the 12 1/2 Senior Notes due 2006.
NEXTLINK Capital has had no operations to date.

Item 2. Properties 

We own or lease, in our operating territories, telephone property
 which includes: fiber optic backbone and distribution network
facilities; point-to-point distribution capacity; central office
switching equipment; connecting lines between customers 
premises and the central offices; and customer premise equipment.
 Our central office switching equipment includes electronic
switches and peripheral equipment.

The fiber optic backbone and distribution network and connecting
lines include aerial and underground cable, conduit, and poles
and wires. These facilities are located on public streets and
highways or on privately-owned land. We have permission to use
these lands pursuant to consent or lease, permit, easement, or
other agreements.

We, and our subsidiaries, lease facilities for our and their
administrative and sales offices, central switching offices
network nodes and warehouse space. The various leases expire in
years ranging from 2000 to 2008. Most have renewal options.

We recently relocated our headquarters to McLean, Virginia, where
 we are currently leasing 9,500 square feet of office space on an
 interim basis. We have entered into a lease for approximately
212,000 square feet of space located in Reston, Virginia, which
will serve as our permanent headquarters beginning in the third
quarter of 2000. We still maintain some operation in the 45,000
square feet in Bellevue, Washington, leased for our former
headquarters. Additional office space and equipment rooms will be
 leased as the Company s operations and networks are
expanded and as new networks are constructed.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings, other than
 regulatory and other proceedings that are in the normal course
of its business.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of
Security Holders 

No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during
the quarter ended December 31, 1999.

Effective October 19, 1999, our Board of Directors approved
amendments to the NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. Stock Option Plan
 to authorize an additional 5,000,000 shares of our Class A
common stock to be issued under the plan, increasing the maximum
number of shares authorized for issuance under the plan to
41,000,000, adjusted for NEXTLINK s 100 stock dividend paid
 in August 1999. The amendment also provided that the
maximum number of shares of Class A stock with respect to
which options may be granted to any individual in any calendar
year is limited to the maximum number of shares authorized under
the plan. These amendments also were approved by one of our
stockholders, Eagle River, which, as of October 19, 1999,
held 37,743,574 shares of our Class B common stock,
representing shares with a majority of the total number of votes
attributable to all shares of outstanding common stock. Our
common stock is the only outstanding class of capital stock of
NEXTLINK entitled to vote on this matter. Eagle River approved
the Board s action by a written consent in lieu of
stockholder meetings dated October 19, 1999, pursuant to
Section 228(a) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Because we are a corporation organized under the laws of the
State of Delaware, our stockholders may take action by written
consent without a meeting. The Board did not solicit any proxies
or consents from any other stockholders in connection with this
action. The amendments became effective on or about
December 12, 1999, 20 days after the date on which we
mailed the information statement to stockholders of NEXTLINK in
accordance with rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

 34

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officers of the Registrant 

The following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of
NEXTLINK s executive officers. Their respective backgrounds
are described following the table.

Name 
	 
	 Age 
	 
	 Title 

Daniel F. Akerson 

51 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 

Nathaniel A. Davis 

46 

President and Chief Operating Officer 

Steven W. Hooper 

47 

Executive Vice President 

Wayne M. Perry 

50 

Executive Vice President 

Gary D. Begeman 

41 

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

Doug L. Carter 

49 

Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer 

Nancy B. Gofus 

46 

Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer 

Mark S. Gunning 

43 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Charles W. Sackley 

46 

Senior Vice President, National Accounts Sales and Marketing 

R. Gerard Salemme 

46 

Senior Vice President, Regulatory and Legislative Affairs 

Scott G. Macleod 

37 

Vice President, Chief Corporate Development Officer 

Dennis O Connell 

40 

President, North Region 

Michael Ruley 

40 

President, West Region 

Daniel F. Akerson. Mr. Akerson has served as our
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
since joining NEXTLINK in September 1999. Since
March 1996, he has been the Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Nextel Communications, Inc. From March 1996 to
July 1999, he was Chief Executive Officer of Nextel. From
1993 until March 1996, Mr. Akerson served as a general
partner of Forstmann Little & Co., a private investment firm.
 While serving as a general partner of Forstmann Little,
Mr. Akerson also held the positions of Chairman of the Board
 and Chief Executive Officer of General Instrument Corporation, a
 technology company acquired by Forstmann Little. From 1983 to
1993, Mr. Akerson held various senior management positions
with MCI Communications Corporation, including president and
chief operating officer. In addition, Mr. Akerson is a
member of Eagle River and he currently serves as a director of
the American Express Company, America OnLine, Inc., and Nextel
International, Inc., a substantially wholly owned subsidiary of
Nextel.

Nathaniel A. Davis. Mr. Davis has served as our
President and Chief Operating Officer since joining NEXTLINK in
January 2000. In February 2000, he was elected to serve
 on our Board of Directors. From October 1998 to January
2000, Mr. Davis served as Vice President of Technical
Services for Nextel. From November 1996 to
September 1998, Mr. Davis was Chief Financial Officer
of U.S. Operations at MCI. From January 1994 to
October 1996, he was Chief Operating Officer of MCImetro, a
subsidiary of MCI. From July 1992 to December 1993, Mr.
 Davis was Senior Vice President of Access Services for MCI.
Mr. Davis currently serves as a director of Mutual of
America Capital Management Corporation and XM Satellite Radio,
Inc.

Steven W. Hooper. Mr. Hooper has been an Executive
Vice President of NEXTLINK since February 2000. From
September 1999 to February 2000, he was our Vice
Chairman Strategic Development and served as a member
 of our Board of Directors. From March 1999 to
September 1999, Mr. Hooper was our Chief Executive
Officer. From July 1997 to September 1999, he was our
Chairman of the Board of Directors. From January 1998 to
July 1999, he was Co-Chief Executive Officer with Craig O.
McCaw of Teledesic Corporation, a satellite telecommunications
company. From January 1995 to June 1997,
Mr. Hooper was President and Chief Executive Officer of
AT&T Wireless Services, Inc. From January 1993 to
January 1995, he served as Chief Financial Officer of
AT&T Wireless Services.

 35

Table of Contents 

Wayne M. Perry. Mr. Perry has been an Executive Vice
President of NEXTLINK since February 2000. From
June 1997 to February 2000, he was a Vice Chairman of
NEXTLINK. From July 1997 to March 1999, Mr. Perry
was Chief Executive Officer of NEXTLINK. From September 1994
 to July 1997, he was a Vice Chairman of AT&T Wireless
Services, Inc. From December 1985 to June 1989, served
as President McCaw Cellular and, from June 1989 to
September 1994, he served as Vice Chairman of the Board of
McCaw Cellular.

Gary D. Begeman. Mr. Begeman has served as our Senior
 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since
November 1999. From May 1997 to November 1999, he was
Deputy General Counsel of Nextel, and from August 1999 to
November 1999, he also was a Vice President of Nextel. From
January 1992 to May 1997, Mr. Begeman was a
partner of the law firm Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue,
specializing in corporate and securities law and mergers and
acquisitions.

Doug L. Carter. Mr. Carter has served as our Senior
Vice President, Chief Technology Officer since May 1999.
From July 1998 to May 1999, he was our Senior Vice
President, Technology. From February 1998 to
November 1998, Mr. Carter also was the Vice President,
Technology of Teledesic. From June 1996 to
January 1998, he was Senior Vice President, Network
Operations of AT&T Wireless Services and from June 1995
to May 1996, he was AT&T Wireless Vice President,
Network Operations. From January 1987 to May 1995, Mr.
Carter was Director, Technology of McCaw Cellular.

Nancy B. Gofus. Ms. Gofus has served as our Senior
Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer since January 2000.
From March 1999 to December 1999, she was the Chief
Operating Officer of Concert Management Services, Inc., which
previously was a wholly-owned subsidiary of British Telecom and
is a global provider of managed telecommunications services. From
 March 1995 to March 1998, Ms. Gofus was
Concert s Senior Vice President of Marketing.

Mark S. Gunning. Mr. Gunning has served as our Senior
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since March 2000.
From August 1996 to November 1999, he was Chief
Financial Officer of Primco Personal Communications, a wireless
telecommunications company. From March 1988 to
November 1999, Mr. Gunning held various positions in
finance with Airtouch Communications, a wireless
telecommunications company, which owned 50 of Primco, including
Vice President from 1996 to 1999.

Charles W. Sackley. Mr. Sackley has served as our
Senior Vice President, National Accounts Sales and Marketing
since February 2000. From May 1999 to
February 2000, he was Senior Vice President, Sales and
Marketing for Wireless Facilities, Inc. and, from
February 1998 to May 1999, he was Wireless
Facilities Vice President, Sales and Business Development.
From May 1997 to January 1998, Mr. Sackley was
Executive Director of Marketing Americas for
Broadband Networks, Inc. From 1995 to 1997, he was Senior
Director Intelligent Network Operations of the
Cellular Infrastructure Group of Motorola Inc. and, from 1993 to
1995, he was the Cellular Infrastructure Group s
Director Switching and Intelligent Network
Operations.

R. Gerard Salemme . Mr. Salemme has served as
our Senior Vice President, Regulatory and Legislative Affairs
since January 2000. From March 1998 to
January 2000, he served as our Senior Vice President,
External Affairs and Industry Relations. From July 1997 to
March 1998, he was our Vice President, External Affairs and
Industry Relations. From December 1994 to July 1997,
Mr. Salemme was Vice President, Government Affairs at AT&T
Corp. From 1991 to 1994, Mr. Salemme was Senior Vice
President, External Affairs at McCaw Cellular.

Scott G. Macleod. Mr. Macleod has been our Vice
President, Chief Corporate Development Officer since May, 1999.
From January 1992 to May 1999, he was an investment
banker with Merrill Lynch & Co., in its telecommunications
group. While Mr. Macleod was with Merrill Lynch, he was a
Vice President from 1993 to 1995, a director in 1996, and a
managing director from 1997 to May 1999.

Dennis O Connell. Mr. O Connell has been
our President, North Region since January 2000. From
April 1998 to January 2000, he was the President of our
 Northeast Region and, from June 1999 to January 2000,
he was also our President, North American Operations. From
June 1995 to March 1998, Mr. O Connell was
President of the Northeast Region for AT&T Wireless. From
January 1992 to May 1995, Mr. O Connell was the
New York Vice President of Operations for AT&T Wireless.

 36

Table of Contents 

Michael S. Ruley. Mr. Ruley has been our President,
West Region since June 1999. From April 1998 to
June 1999, he was the President of our Southwest Region.
Mr. Ruley has over 15 years of experience in the
telecommunications field. From June 1996 to April 1998,
 Mr. Ruley held various positions at TCG, including Regional
 Vice President of the Pacific Bell Territory and Vice President
and General Manager of both the San Francisco and Colorado
markets. From March 1993 to June 1996, Mr. Ruley
was the Director of New Business Development for BPI
Communications, a Colorado based telecommunications and
technology company. Mr. Ruley has also managed District
Sales for Librex Computer Express in Colorado; and was
Vice-President of Sales and Marketing for Integrated Management
Systems of Denver, Colorado.

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrants Common
Stock and Related Stockholder Matters 

 Market Information 

NEXTLINK s Class A common stock is traded on the NASDAQ
 National Market under the symbol NXLK . The following
 table shows, for the periods indicated, the high and low bid
prices for our Class A common stock as reported by the
NASDAQ National Market tier of The NASDAQ Stock Market. The
prices below have been adjusted for the two-for-one stock split
effected August 27, 1999.

1999 
	 
	 1998 

High 
	 
	 Low 
	 
	 High 
	 
	 Low 

First Quarter 

31.44 

13.00 

18.44 

10.60 

Second Quarter 

43.38 

26.63 

18.91 

12.94 

Third Quarter 

56.88 

38.00 

20.37 

10.32 

Fourth Quarter 

91.31 

49.81 

16.75 

5.50 

There is no public trading market for our Class B common
stock or NEXTLINK Capital s common equity. NEXTLINK Capital
is a wholly owned subsidiary of ours, formed for the sole purpose
 of obtaining financing from external sources.

As of March 15, 2000, the approximate number of shareholders
 of our Class A and Class B common stock was
approximately 44,000 and nine, respectively. NEXTLINK is the sole
 holder of record of NEXTLINK Capital s common stock.

 Use of Proceeds 

The initial public offering (IPO) of our Class A common
 stock took place in October 1997 (File No. 333-32001).
 The net proceeds we received from the offering totaled
approximately 226.8 million. As of December 31, 1999,
proceeds from the IPO remain available for future network build
out and working capital requirements. We have raised additional
funding from debt and additional equity offerings in 1998 and
1999. The proceeds from these recent offerings have been applied
first in funding the expansion of our network and other working
capital requirements.

 Dividends 

Neither we nor NEXTLINK Capital have declared a cash dividend on
any of our respective common stock. Covenants in our credit
facility and the indentures pursuant to which our and NEXTLINK
Capital s Senior Notes have been issued restrict our ability
 to pay cash dividends on our capital stock.

 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On November 17, 1999, we completed the issuance and sale in
a private placement transaction of 400.0 million of
10 1/2 Senior Notes due 2009 and 455.0 million in
principal amount at stated maturity of 12 1/8 Senior
Discount Notes due 2009. The Senior Notes were sold at 100 of
their principal amount,

 37

Table of Contents 

yielding 400.0 million in gross proceeds. The Senior
Discount Notes were sold at 55.257 of their principal amount at
maturity, yielding gross proceeds of approximately
 251.4 million. Goldman, Sachs & Co., Salomon Smith
Barney Inc., Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, TD
Securities (USA) Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., Chase
Securities Inc., Banc of America Securities LLC, BancBoston
Robertson Stephens Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., J.P.
Morgan Securities Inc. and PNC Capital Markets, Inc. acted as
initial purchasers and received approximately 11.6 million in
fees in connection with the sale of the notes. The offer and sale
 of the notes was exempt from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, because each initial
purchaser offered and sold the notes in the United States only to
 qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under
the Securities Act and outside the United States only to non-U.S.
 persons in offshore transactions in reliance on
Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Year Ended December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 
	 
	 1997 
	 
	 1996 
	 
	 1995 

(In Thousands, Except per Share Data) 

Statement of Operations Data: 

Revenue 

274,324 

139,667 

57,579 

25,686 

7,552 

Loss from operations 

(366,530 

(206,184 

(102,621 

(51,015 

(12,462 

Net loss 

(558,692 

(278,340 

(129,004 

(71,101 

(12,731 

Net loss applicable to common shares 

(627,881 

(337,113 

(168,324 

(71,101 

(12,731 

Net loss per share (1) 

(5.02 

(3.13 

(1.96 

(0.91 

Statement of Cash Flow Data: 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(358,916 

(174,484 

(97,320 

(40,563 

(9,180 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(1,040,620 

(1,276,747 

(470,195 

(227,012 

(35,417 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

1,948,503 

1,381,653 

879,782 

343,032 

45,922 

Other Data: 

EBITDA, as adjusted (2) 

(214,248 

(140,937 

(72,184 

(30,761 

(8,629 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 

1,881,764 

1,478,062 

742,357 

124,520 

1,350 

Property and equipment, net 

1,180,021 

594,408 

253,653 

97,784 

29,664 

Investment in fixed wireless licenses, net 

933,128 

67,352 

Total assets 

4,597,108 

2,483,106 

1,219,978 

390,683 

53,461 

Long-term debt 

3,733,342 

2,013,192 

750,000 

350,000 

Redeemable preferred stock, net of issuance costs 

612,352 

556,168 

313,319 

Total shareholders equity (deficit) 

(13,122 

(246,463 

71,285 

(18,654 

36,719 

(1) 
	 
	 The net loss per share data above has been
	adjusted for the stock splits effected in 1999 and in prior
	periods. 

(2) 
	 
	 EBITDA represents net loss before interest
	expense, interest income, depreciation, amortization and deferred
	 compensation expense, and has been adjusted to exclude the
	non-recurring restructuring charge recorded in the fourth quarter
	 of 1999. EBITDA is commonly used to analyze companies on the
	basis of operating performance, leverage and liquidity. While
	EBITDA should not be construed as a substitute for operating
	income or a better measure of liquidity than cash flow from
	operating activities, which are determined in accordance with
	generally accepted accounting principles, it is included herein
	to provide additional information with respect to our ability to
	meet future debt service, capital expenditure and working capital
	 requirements. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Forward-looking and Cautionary Statements 

Some of the statements contained in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties
and other factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially, as discussed further elsewhere in this report and in
our public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

 38

Table of Contents 

 Overview 

Since 1996, we have provided high-quality telecommunications
services to the rapidly growing business market. We believe that
increasing usage of both telephone service and newer data and
information services will continue to increase demand for
telecommunications capacity, or bandwidth, and for new
telecommunications services and applications.

To serve our customers expanding telecommunications needs,
we have assembled a unique collection of high-bandwidth local and
 national network assets. We intend to integrate these assets
with advanced communications technologies and services in order
to become one of the nation s leading providers of a
comprehensive array of communications services and applications.

To accomplish this:

We have built 31 high-bandwidth or broadband local networks in 19
	 states, generally located in the central business districts of
	the cities we serve, and we continue to build additional
	networks; 

We have become the nation s largest holder of broadband
	fixed wireless spectrum with FCC licenses covering 95 of the
	population of the 30 largest U.S. cities, which we will use to
	extend the reach of our networks to additional customers; and 

We have acquired, through a joint venture known as INTERNEXT,
	rights to use unlit fiber optic strands, known as dark fiber, and
	 an empty conduit in a national broadband network now being built
	 to traverse over 16,000 miles and to connect more than 50 cities
	 in the United States and Canada, including all of the largest
	cities that our current and planned local networks serve. By
	acquiring dark fiber rather than leasing
	 lit fiber capacity, we have retained control over
	decisions on where and how to deploy existing or new generations
	of optical transmission equipment to enhance our network s
	capacity and performance. 

We currently offer our customers a variety of voice services and
high-speed Internet access. As our networks become increasingly
optimized for data transmission and through our pending
acquisition of Concentric Network Corporation (Concentric), we
plan to expand our Internet access business and offer additional
data services, such as Internet web hosting, support for
e-commerce, virtual private network services and other customized
 data communications services.

In addition, through our NEXTLINK Interactive subsidiary, we
currently provide a number of voice response, speech recognition,
 and e-commerce services. We plan to build on our existing
expertise in customized information and automated order
fulfillment to serve clients with e-commerce businesses, that is,
 businesses conducting high volume retail transactions over the
Internet.

We currently operate 31 broadband local networks in 49 cities. We
 launched services in San Diego, Seattle and Washington D.C.
during the first half of 1999, in Newark, Detroit and Houston
during the third quarter of 1999, and, most recently, in Phoenix,
 Boston, St. Louis and Sacramento. We are currently building
additional local networks, and plan to have operational networks
in most of the 30 largest U.S. cities by the end of 2000.

Our goal is to provide customers with complete voice and data
network solutions for all of their communications needs, using
our own fiber, switches and other facilities to the greatest
extent possible. To reduce reliance on the physical connection
for the short distance between our customers and our fiber optic
networks, which are, in most instances, leased from the dominant
carrier, we intend to increase the number of customers connected
directly to our networks. In some cases, using our fixed wireless
 spectrum, we will construct a new fiber optic extension from our
 network to the customer s premises. In other cases, we will
 deploy a high-bandwidth wireless connection between an antenna
on the roof of the customer s premises and an antenna
attached to our fiber rings. These fixed wireless connections
offer high-quality broadband capacity and, in most cases, will
cost less than fiber to install. In December 1999, we
completed our first generation broadband wireless field testing
and announced the availability of commercial services to a
limited group of customers in Los Angeles and Dallas. We continue
 to evaluate vendors for participation in our planned commercial
rollout of broadband wireless service in 25 markets scheduled for
 the end of 2000.

 39

Table of Contents 

We are also deploying a technology called Digital Subscriber
Line, or DSL, to meet the high bandwidth needs of those customers
 whose connection to our network remains over copper wire. DSL
technology increases the effective capacity of existing copper
telephone wires. We are installing our own DSL equipment to
provide these services ourselves, and we also resell another
provider s DSL services.

Our networks support a variety of communications technologies,
which permit us to offer our customers a set of technology
options to meet their changing needs, and introduce new
technologies, as they become available. For example, we have
begun to install Internet Protocol (IP) routers, which will
enable us to carry Internet traffic more efficiently and to
provide more data services. We also have been installing
Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) routers and switches in our
 local network, which will enable us to meet the demands of
large, high volume customers.

We anticipate that future IP technologies will enable the
high-bandwidth, end-to-end national network we are building to
carry data, voice and video. Such a network should also enable us
 to offer our customers entirely new classes of IP services. To
serve our customers present needs and to take advantage of
future opportunities that technological advances may bring, we
intend to remain flexible with respect to technology choices.

The table provides selected key operational data:

As of December 31, 

99- 98 

1999 
	 
	 1998 
	 
	 Change 

Operating data (1): 

Route miles (2) 

4,285 

2,477 

73.0 

Fiber miles (3) 

378,200 

195,531 

93.4 

On-net buildings connected (4) 

1,320 

801 

64.8 

Off-net buildings connected (5) 

28,656 

13,443 

113.2 

Switches installed 

32 

21 

52.4 

Access lines in service (6) 

428,035 

174,182 

145.7 

Employees 

3,500 

2,299 

52.2 

(1) 
	 
	The operating data include 100 of the statistics of the Las
	Vegas network, which we manage and in which we have a 40 
	membership interest. 

(2) 
	 
	Route miles refer to the number of miles of the
	telecommunications path in which we own or lease the fiber optic
	cables that are installed. 

(3) 
	 
	Fiber miles refer to the number of route miles installed along a
	telecommunications path, multiplied by our estimate of the number
	 of fibers along that path. 

(4) 
	 
	Represents buildings physically connected to our networks,
	excluding those connected by unbundled dominant local exchange
	carrier facilities. 

(5) 
	 
	Represents buildings connected to our networks through leased or
	unbundled dominant carrier facilities. 

(6) 
	 
	Represents the number of access lines in service, including those
	 lines that are provided through resale of Centrex services, for
	which we are billing services. We serviced 1,463 resold access
	lines as of December 31, 1999. An access line is defined as a
	telephone connection between our facilities and a customer
	purchasing local telephone services. This connection does not
	include so-called access line equivalents (ALEs), and is a
	one-for-one relationship with no multipliers used for trunk
	ratios, except for those trunks over which we provide primary
	rate interface (PRI) service is provided, which are counted
	as 23 access lines. 

Concentric Acquisition 

In January 2000, we agreed to acquire Concentric, a provider
 of high-speed DSL, web hosting, e-commerce and other Internet
services. As a combined company, we will be able to offer a
complete, single

 40

Table of Contents 

source communications solution to our customers by combining our
voice and data products with the full array of products from
Concentric s Internet business, data center, and application
 service provider (ASP) services.

In this transaction, both the Company and Concentric will merge
into a newly-formed company, to be renamed NEXTLINK
Communications, Inc., which will succeed to both companies 
assets and businesses and will assume all of NEXTLINK s and
Concentric s outstanding debt obligations and other
liabilities. In the transaction, each outstanding share of our
Class A common stock and Class B common stock would be
converted into one share of Class A common stock or
Class B common stock, as applicable, of the corporation
surviving this merger, which stock will be substantially
identical to our Class A and Class B common stock. In
addition, each outstanding share of Concentric common stock would
 be converted into 0.495 of a share of Class A common stock
of the surviving corporation, unless the trading price of our
Class A common stock at the effective time is less than or
equal to 90.91, in which case each outstanding share would be
converted into 45.00 of Class A common stock of the
surviving corporation (based on the trading price of our
Class A common stock prior to the effective time). If at the
 effective time our average stock price is less than 69.23, each
 outstanding share of Concentric common stock would convert into
0.650 of a share of the Class A common stock of the
surviving corporation.

This transaction is intended to be tax-free to our shareholders
and Concentric s shareholders and has been unanimously
approved by both our and Concentric s boards of directors,
but remains subject to approval by Concentric stockholders. Eagle
 River, the majority holder of our voting power, has agreed to
approve the transaction. The parties have obtained the consent of
 Concentric s bond and preferred stock holders to certain
amendments to those securities that are necessary to complete
this transaction. The transaction is subject to customary closing
 conditions and is expected to close during the second quarter of
 2000. The merger will be accounted for under the purchase method
 of accounting.

 Results of Operations 

Revenue grew 96 to 274.3 million in 1999, from
 139.7 million in 1998. In 1998, revenue increased 143 to
 139.7 million from 57.6 million in 1997. Revenue
reported consisted of the following components (dollars in
thousands):

1999 1998 

1998 1997 

1999 
	 
	 1998 
	 
	 Change 
	 
	 1997 
	 
	 Change 

Core services 

217,052 

76,654 

183.2 

20,342 

276.8 

Shared tenant services 

13,805 

12,781 

8.0 

2,018 

533.3 

Long distance telephone services 

21,233 

26,937 

(21.2 

16,478 

63.5 

Enhanced services 

22,234 

23,295 

(4.6 

18,741 

24.3 

Total revenue 

274,324 

139,667 

96.4 

57,579 

142.6 

Core services revenue, consisting of bundled local and long
distance, as well as dedicated services, grew 183 to
 217.1 million from 76.7 million in 1998. In 1998,
core services revenue grew 277 from 20.3 million in 1997.
This revenue growth corresponded to an increase in customer
access lines installed, which was driven by growth in our
existing markets, as well as expansion into new markets. During
1999, access lines in service grew 146 to 428,035 as of
December 31, 1999 from 174,182 at December 31, 1998. At
 December 31, 1997 access lines in service totaled 50,131.
Our quarterly customer access line installation rate grew 97 to
78,881 in the fourth quarter of 1999 from 40,075 in the same
quarter of 1998.

Through our NEXTLINK One subsidiary, we provide shared tenant
services, including telecommunications management services, to
groups of small and medium-sized businesses located in the same
office building. This service enables businesses too small to
justify hiring their own telecommunications managers to benefit
from the efficiencies, including volume discounts, normally only
available to larger enterprises. We acquired our NEXTLINK One
subsidiary (formerly Start Technologies Corporation) in the
fourth quarter of 1997; therefore, 1998 was the first full year
of shared tenant services revenue recognized.

 41

Table of Contents 

Revenue from our stand-alone long distance telephone services
declined in 1999 from 1998, primarily due the conversion of those
 customers onto our local networks, as we began servicing those
customers with our bundled local and long distance services. We
expect this trend to continue in future periods both in absolute
terms and as a percentage of revenue. In 1998, revenue from this
source increased due to the acquisition of Chadwick
Telecommunications Corporation, a switch-based long distance
service reseller, in the fourth quarter of 1997.

Enhanced revenue consists primarily of interactive voice response
 (IVR) services provided by our NEXTLINK Interactive subsidiary.
IVR is a platform that allows a consumer to dial into a
computer-based system using a toll-free number and a touch-tone
phone and access a variety of information by following a
customized menu. Simultaneously, a profile of the caller is left
behind for either our use or the use of our customer.

The table below provides expenses by classification and as a
percentage of revenue:

Expense Classification as a Percentage of Revenue (dollars in thousands) 

1999 
	 
	 1998 
	 
	 1997 

Amount 
	 
	 of Revenue 
	 
	 Amount 
	 
	 of Revenue 
	 
	 Amount 
	 
	 of Revenue 

Costs and expenses: 

Operating 

221,664 

80.8 

123,675 

88.5 

54,031 

93.8 

SG&A 

266,908 

97.3 

156,929 

112.4 

75,732 

131.5 

Restructuring 

30,935 

11.3 

Deferred compensation 

12,872 

4.7 

4,993 

3.6 

3,247 

5.6 

Depreciation 

93,097 

33.9 

45,638 

32.7 

18,851 

32.7 

Amortization 

15,378 

5.6 

14,616 

10.5 

8,339 

14.5 

Operating expenses consist of costs directly related to providing
 facilities-based network and enhanced communications services
and also includes salaries, benefits and related costs of
operations and engineering personnel. Operating expenses
increased 79 in 1999 to 221.7 million versus 123.7
million in 1998. In 1998, operating expenses increased 129 from
 54.0 million in 1997. The increase in both years was
attributable to increased network costs related to provisioning
higher volumes of local, long distance and enhanced
communications services, an increase in employees and an increase
 in other related costs primarily to expand our switched local
and long distance service businesses in existing and planned
markets. To a lesser extent, the acquisitions of Start and
Chadwick in the fourth quarter of 1997 also contributed to the
increase in operating costs in 1998 over those in 1997. We expect
 operating expenses to continue to increase in future periods in
connection with our growth and expansion plans.

Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses include
salaries and related personnel costs, facilities expenses, sales
and marketing, information systems costs, consulting and legal
costs and equity in loss of affiliated companies. SG&A
expenses increased 70 in 1999 to 266.9 million from 156.9
 million in 1998. In 1998, SG&A increased 107 from
 75.7 million in 1997. Consistent with the cost drivers of
our operating expenses, the increases in SG&A in both periods
 was primarily due to increases in employees and other costs
associated with the expansion of our switched local and long
distance service businesses in existing and planned markets.

In the fourth quarter of 1999, we recorded a 30.9 million
non-recurring restructuring charge for costs associated with
relocating our Bellevue, Washington headquarters to Northern
Virginia. Approximately 28.0 million of the charge resulted
 from non-cash stock option compensation charges that arose from
accelerated vesting on certain employee options associated with
their severance.

Deferred compensation expense was recorded in connection with our
 Equity Option Plan until April 1997, and in connection with
 our Stock Option Plan, which replaced the Equity Option Plan,
subsequent to April 1997. The stock options granted under
the Equity Option Plan were considered compensatory. All options
outstanding under the Equity Option Plan were re-granted under
the Stock Option Plan with terms and conditions substantially the
 same as under the Equity Option Plan. As such, we continue to
record

 42

Table of Contents 

deferred compensation expense for those compensatory stock
options issued and for compensatory stock options issued
subsequent to the Stock Option Plan inception date. Compensation
expense is recognized over the vesting periods of the options
based on the excess of the fair value of the stock options at the
 date of grant over the exercise price.

Depreciation expense increased 104 in 1999 to 93.1 million
 from 45.6 million in 1998. In 1998, depreciation expense
increased 142 from 18.9 million in 1997. The increase in both
years was primarily due to placement in service of additional
telecommunications network assets, including switches, fiber
optic cable, and network electronics and related equipment. As we
 expand our networks and install additional switches and related
equipment and other network technology, depreciation expense is
expected to continue to increase. Amortization of intangible
assets increased in 1998 over 1997 primarily as a result of the
Start and Chadwick acquisitions in the fourth quarter of 1997.

In 1999, interest expense increased 96 to 283.1 million
from 144.6 million in 1998. In 1998, interest expense increased
165 from 54.5 million in 1997. The increase in both years
was due to an increase in our average outstanding indebtedness.
Interest expense will increase in future periods in conjunction
with an increase in our average outstanding indebtedness. For
more information, see Liquidity and Capital
Resources. A portion of interest costs is capitalized as
part of the construction cost of our communications networks.
Capitalized interest was 9.9 million in 1999,
 4.3 million in 1998, and 1.8 million in 1997.

Interest income increased 26 in 1999 to 91 million from
 72.4 million in 1998. In 1998, interest income increased
157 from 28.1 million in 1997. The increases in both years
 corresponded to the increase in our average cash and investment
balances.

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our business is capital-intensive and, as such, has required and
will continue to require substantial capital investment. We build
 high capacity networks with broad market coverage, a strategy
that initially increases our level of capital expenditures and
operating losses and requires us to make a substantial portion of
 our capital investments before we realize any revenue from them.
 These capital expenditures, together with the associated early
operating expenses, will continue to result in negative cash flow
 unless and until we are able to establish an adequate customer
base. We believe, however, that over the long term this strategy
will enhance our financial performance by increasing the traffic
flow over our networks.

 Capital Uses 

During 1999, we used 358.9 million in cash for operating
activities, compared to 174.5 million used in 1998 and
 97.3 million used in 1997. The increase was primarily due
to a substantial increase in our activities associated with the
continued development and expansion of switched local and long
distance service operations. Accounts receivable increased 123 
during 1999, primarily due to the increase in revenue in the same
 period. Increases in accounts payable and accured liabilities
were proportional with the increase in operating costs and
selling, general, and administrative expenses. In addition,
during 1999, we invested an additional 1,127.1 million in
property and equipment, and acquisitions of telecommunications
assets, including a 515.6 million investment in fixed
wireless licenses.

During 1999, we acquired a number of licenses to broadband fixed
wireless spectrum. We plan to use our fixed wireless licenses to
extend the reach of our fiber networks and to connect additional
customers directly to our fiber networks. Deploying the
technologies associated with this strategy will require
additional capital expenditures. The transactions completed
included the following:

In April 1999, we acquired WNP Communications, Inc. for
	 698.2 million. Of this amount, we paid 157.7 million
	to the FCC for license fees, including interest. We paid the
	remainder of the purchase price, consisting of 190.1 million in
	cash and 11,431,662 shares of Class A common stock, to the
	stockholders of WNP. In this transaction, we acquired licenses
	for 1,150 MHz of local multi-point distribution services
	(LMDS) spectrum (A block LMDS licenses) in 39 cities and one
	 license for 150 MHz of LMDS spectrum (B block LMDS license) in
	one city. 

43

Table of Contents 

In June 1999, we acquired from Nextel Communications Inc.
	(Nextel) its 50 interest in NEXTBAND, a joint venture we formed
	with Nextel in January 1998, for 137.7 million in
	cash. NEXTBAND owns LMDS licenses in 42 markets throughout the
	U.S. The purchase price was determined based on a formula derived
	 in conjunction with our acquisition of WNP. 

In July 1998, we formed INTERNEXT L.L.C., which is currently
 beneficially owned 50 each by us and Eagle River Investments,
LLC. INTERNEXT entered into an agreement with Level 3
Communications, Inc., which is constructing a fiber optic network
 that is expected to cover more than 16,000 route miles with six
or more conduits and connect 50 cities in the United States and
Canada. Pursuant to this agreement, INTERNEXT will receive an
exclusive interest in 24 dark fibers in a shared,
filled conduit, one empty conduit and the right to 25 of the
fibers pulled through the sixth and any additional conduits in
the network. INTERNEXT will pay 700.0 million in exchange
for these rights, the majority of which will be payable as
segments of the network are completed and accepted, which is
expected to occur substantially during 2000 and 2001. As of
December 31 1999, INTERNEXT had paid 47.6 million to
Level 3 of which 19.8 million was paid in 1999.

In January 2000, we entered into an agreement with Eagle
River to purchase the 50 interest that we did not own of
INTERNEXT. The purchase price for Eagle River s interest is
approximately 3.4 million shares of the Class A common
stock of the corporation surviving the Concentric acquisition. As
 a result of this acquisition, which is expected to be
consummated in the second quarter of 2000, we will have complete
control over this national broadband network.

We expect to make substantial capital expenditures in 2000 and
beyond relating to our existing and planned network development
and operations. These expenditures include:

the purchase and installation of switches, routers, servers and
	other data-related equipment and related electronics in existing
	networks and in networks to be constructed or acquired in new or
	adjacent markets; 

the purchase and installation of fiber optic cable and
	electronics to expand existing networks and develop new networks,
	 including the connection of new buildings; 

the development of our comprehensive information technology
	platform; 

the purchase and installation of equipment associated with the
	deployment of LMDS using our LMDS spectrum; 

funding of the commitments to build our national network, and
	related expenses we expect to incur in building our national
	network; 

the purchase and installation of equipment associated with
	deployment of DSL services; and 

the funding of operating losses and working capital. 

Our strategic plan also calls for expansion into additional
market areas. This expansion will require significant additional
capital for:

potential acquisitions of businesses or assets; 

design, development and construction of new networks; and 

the funding of operating losses and working capital during the
	start-up phase of each market. 

In addition, our proposed acquisition of Concentric may result in
 additional capital uses. Specifically, under the terms of the
indenture governing Concentric s 12 3/4 Senior Notes
due 2007 and the terms of Concentric s 13 1/2 
Series B Senior Redeemable Exchangeable Preferred Stock,
upon completion of the Concentric transaction we will be required
 to offer to repurchase those outstanding senior notes and shares
 of preferred stock at a purchase price equal to 101 of the
principal amount of the senior notes and 101 of the liquidation
preference of the shares of the preferred stock. As of
December 31, 1999, the total principal amount of the
Concentric senior notes and the liquidation preference of the
shares of Concentric preferred

 44

Table of Contents 

stock outstanding were approximately 338.7 million. If we
were required to utilize available cash to fund repurchase of all
 or a significant amount of Concentric s senior notes and
preferred stock, it would reduce the amount of funds available to
 implement our business plan.

Based on the current and historical trading prices of
Concentric s senior notes and preferred stock, we do not
expect that the holders of these notes and preferred stock will
tender them for repurchase. However, if there is a significant
adverse change in the market for these securities or an adverse
change with respect to either of us or Concentric, it is likely
that some or all of the Concentric senior notes and preferred
stock will be tendered in the repurchase offer.

 Capital Resources 

1999 Financing Activities. In November 1999, we sold
 400.0 million of 10 1/2 Senior Notes and
 455.0 million in principal amount at stated maturity of
12 1/8 Senior Discount Notes both due December 1,
2009. The transaction generated proceeds, net of discounts,
commissions, advisory fees and expenses, totaling approximately
 639.6 million. Interest payments on the 10 1/2 Notes
are due semi-annually, beginning June 1, 2000. The 12 
1/8 Notes were issued at a discount from their principal amount
to generate aggregate gross proceeds of approximately
 251.4 million. The 12 1/8 Notes accrete at a rate of
 12 1/8 compounded semi-annually, to an aggregate
principal amount of 455.0 million by December 1, 2004.
 No cash interest will accrue on the 12 1/8 Notes until
December 1, 2004. Interest will become payable in cash
semi-annually beginning June 1, 2005. We have the option to
redeem both the 10 1/2 Notes and the 12 1/8 Notes,
in whole or in part, beginning December 1, 2004 at
established redemption prices that decline to 100 of the stated
principal amount thereof by December 1, 2007.

In June 1999, we completed the sale of 675.0 million
of 10 3/4 Senior Notes and 588.9 million in principal
 amount at stated maturity of 12 1/4 Senior Discount Notes,
 both due June 1, 2009. The transaction generated proceeds,
net of discounts, underwriting commissions, advisory fees and
expenses, totaling approximately 979.5 million. Interest
payments on the 10 3/4 Notes due 2009 are due
semi-annually, beginning December 1, 1999. The 12 1/4 
Notes were issued at a discount from their principal amount to
generate aggregate gross proceeds of approximately
 325.0 million. The 12 1/4 Notes accrete at a rate of
12 1/4 compounded semi-annually, to an aggregate principal
amount of approximately 588.9 million by June 1, 2004.
 No cash interest will accrue on the 12 1/4 Notes until
June 1, 2004. Interest will become payable in cash
semi-annually beginning December 1, 2004. We have the option
 to redeem both the 10 3/4 Notes and the 12 1/4 
Notes, in whole or in part, beginning June 1, 2004 at
established redemption prices that decline to 100 of the stated
principal amount thereof by June 1, 2007.

Our operating flexibility with respect to certain business
matters is, and will continue to be, limited by covenants
associated with our outstanding indebteness and preferred stock.
Among other things, these covenants limit our ability to incur
additional indebtedness, create liens upon assets, apply the
proceeds from the disposal of assets, make dividend payments and
other distributions on capital stock and redeem capital stock.

We are required to use the proceeds from the sale of certain
series of our senior notes solely to fund 80 of the expenditures
 for the construction, improvement and acquisition of new and
existing networks and services and direct and indirect
investments in certain joint ventures, by covenants in the
indentures under which these and other of our notes were issued.
We expect to fund the remainder of these costs with the proceeds
of other offerings. These covenants may adversely affect our
ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or to
engage in other business activities that may be in our interest.

In June 1999, we completed the sale of 15,200,000 shares of
Class A common stock at 38.00 per share, 8,464,100 shares
of which we offered and 6,735,900 shares of which were offered by
 certain stockholders that previously owned interests in WNP.
Gross proceeds from the offering totaled 321.6 million, and
 our proceeds, net of underwriting discounts, advisory fees and
expenses, aggregated approximately 310.5 million.

At December 31, 1999 we had 150.6 million of
comprehensive income generated from net unrealized holding gains
and losses on our equity investments in marketable securities.
These investments were classified

 45

Table of Contents 

as available-for-sale in accordance with Statement Financial
Accounting Standard 115, Accounting For Certain Investments
 in Debt and Equity Securities. In the first quarter of
2000, we sold a portion of these investments realizing most of
this gain, including the impact of subsequent changes in fair
market value.

Secured Credit Facility. In February 2000, we entered
 into a 1.0 billion Senior Secured Credit Facility with
various lenders, and certain of our subsidiaries, as guarantors.
The security for the facility consists of all of the assets
purchased with the proceeds thereof, the stock of certain of our
subsidiaries, all assets of NEXTLINK and, to the extent of
 125.0 million of guaranteed debt, all assets of certain of
our subsidiaries. A portion of the facility is available to
provide working capital and for other general corporate purposes
with the remainder available to provide financing for the
construction, acquisition or improvement of telecommunication
assets. The facility consists of a 387.5 million multi-draw
 term loan A, a 225.0 million term loan B, and a
 387.5 million revolving credit facility. In addition, the
facility may be increased by up to an additional
 1.0 billion under certain circumstances. At closing, we
borrowed 150.0 million of the term loan A and the entire
 225.0 million of the term loan B.

The revolving credit facility and the term loan A mature on
December 31, 2006, and the term loan B matures on
June 30, 2007. The maturity date for each of the facilities
may be accelerated to October 31, 2005 unless we have
refinanced our 350.0 million 12 1/2 Senior Notes by
April 15, 2005. Amounts drawn under the revolving credit
facility and the term loans are expected to bear interest, at our
 option, at the alternate base rate or reserve-adjusted London
Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus, in each case,
applicable margins.

Forstmann Little Investment. In December 1999,
several Forstmann Little & Co. investment funds agreed to
invest 850.0 million in NEXTLINK, to be used to expand our
networks and services, introduce new technologies and fund our
business plan. The investment closed in January 2000. In the
 transaction, the investors acquired shares of two series of
convertible preferred stock that together are convertible into
Class A common stock at a conversion price of 63.25 per
share and provide for a 3.75 dividend payable quarterly. Under
the agreement, the holders may convert the preferred stock into
Class A common stock at any time after January 20,
2001, and we may redeem the preferred stock at any time after the
 later of January 20, 2005 and the date we have redeemed our
 12 1/2 Notes in full. The preferred stock is redeemable at
 the option of the holders during the 180-day period commencing
January 20, 2010.

 Liquidity Assessment 

We believe that the net proceeds from the Forstmann Little
investment together with the amounts borrowed and available under
 the secured credit facility, cash and marketable securities on
hand and cash generated from operations, will provide sufficient
funds for us to expand our business as planned and to fund
operating losses until the latter half of 2001. However, the
amount of future funding requirements will depend on a number of
factors, including the success of our business, the dates at
which we further expand our network, the types of services we
offer, staffing levels, acquisitions and customer growth, as well
 as other factors that are not within our control, including the
obligation to fund the repurchase offer obligation with respect
to Concentric s senior notes and preferred shares that will
be triggered upon completion of the Concentric transaction,
competitive conditions, government regulatory developments and
capital costs. In the event our plan or assumptions change or
prove to be inaccurate, or available borrowings under the secured
 credit facility, cash and investments on hand and cash generated
 from operations prove to be insufficient to fund our growth in
the manner and at the rate currently anticipated, we may be
required to delay or abandon some or all of our development and
expansion plans or we may be required to seek additional sources
of financing earlier than currently anticipated. In the event we
are required to seek additional financing, there can be no
assurance that such financing will be available on acceptable
terms or at all.

 Impact of Year 2000 

Prior to January 1, 2000, considerable concern was raised as
 to Year 2000 readiness of computer systems. The Year 2000
concerns arose because certain older computer systems and
applications were written to define a given year with abbreviated
 dates using the last two digits in a year rather than the entire
 four digits. As a result, when computer systems attempt to
process dates both before and after January 1, 2000, two
digit year

 46

Table of Contents 

fields may create processing ambiguities that can cause errors
and system failures. For example, systems and applications may
have time-sensitive software that recognize an abbreviated year
 00 as the year 1900 rather than the year 2000. There
was concern as to whether these errors or failures would have
limited effects, or whether the effects would be widespread,
depending on the computer chip, system, or software, and its
location and function. We experienced no significant problems
arising from the Year 2000 concerns and, to date, no year
2000-related claims have been made against us. We continue to
monitor for date-related impacts.

State of Readiness 

We had adopted a formal Year 2000 plan, the purpose of which was
to develop and perform reasonable steps intended to prevent our
critical operational functions from being impaired due to the
Year 2000 problem. We engaged outside consultants to aid in
formulating and implementing the plan. Prior to December 31,
 1999 our assessments, which included testing and vendor
confirmations, indicated that our major operational support
systems, including our billing, order management, network
management, and financial systems were Year 2000 ready.

 Costs to Address Year 2000 Issues 

We have not incurred material historical costs for Year 2000
awareness, inventory, assessment, analysis, conversion, or
contingency planning. We currently do not anticipate any future
costs for these purposes.

 Year 2000 Risk Factors and Contingency
Plans 

In the unlikely event that a post Year 2000 date-related incident
 does occur, our contingency plans developed prior to
December 31, 1999 would be implemented.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure
 About Market Risk 

We currently have instruments sensitive to market risks relating
to exposure to changing interest rates. As disclosed in Notes 8
and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, we had
 3,733.3 million in fixed rate debt and 612.3 million
in fixed rate redeemable preferred stock as of December 31,
1999. We do not have significant cash flow exposure to changing
interest rates on our long term debt and redeemable preferred
stock because the interest rates are fixed. However, the
estimated fair values of the fixed-rate debt and redeemable
preferred stock are subject to market risk.

We also maintain an investment portfolio consisting of U.S.
government and other securities with an average maturity of less
than one year. These securities are classified as available
 for sale . If interest rates were to increase or decrease
immediately, it could have a material impact on the fair value of
 these financial instruments. However, changes in interest rates
would not likely have a material impact on interest earned on our
 investment portfolio. We do not currently hedge these interest
rate exposures. We have in the past hedged certain equity
securities available-for-sale to reduce our risk of exposure to
declines in the market price of such securities.

Presented below is an analysis of our financial instruments, as
of December 31, 1999, that are sensitive to changes in
interest rates. The model demonstrates the change in fair value
of the instruments calculated for an

 47

Table of Contents 

instantaneous parallel shift in interest rates, plus or minus 50
basis points (BPS), 100 BPS, and 150 BPS (in millions).

No 

Valuation of Securities Given an 
	 
	 Change in 
	 
	 Valuation of Securities Given an 

Interest Rate Decrease of 
	 
	 Interest 
	 
	 Interest Rate Increase of 

Interest Rate Risk 
	 
	 X Basis Points 
	 
	 Rates 
	 
	 X Basis Points 

(150 BPS) 
	 
	 (100 BPS) 
	 
	 (50 BPS) 

50 BPS 
	 
	 100 BPS 
	 
	 150 BPS 

Financial Assets: 

Marketable securities 

1,020 

1,018 

1,015 

1,013 

1,011 

1,008 

1,005 

Financial Liabilities: 

Fixed rate debt 

4,041 

3,919 

3,802 

3,690 

3,582 

3,478 

3,361 

The sensitivity analysis provides only a limited, point-in-time
view of the market risk sensitivity of certain of our financial
instruments. The actual impact of market interest rate and price
changes on the financial instruments may differ significantly
from those shown in the sensitivity analysis.

Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data 

Our consolidated financial statements are filed under this Item,
beginning on page F-1 of this Report, and NEXTLINK Capital s
 balance sheet is filed under this Item, beginning on Page F-24
of this Report.

Item 9. 
	 
	 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
	 and Financial Disclosure 

None.

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers
of the Registrant 

The information required herein regarding directors is
incorporated herein by reference from the definitive Proxy
Statement for NEXTLINK s 2000 Annual Meeting, which is
scheduled to be filed on or before April 29, 2000, under the
 caption Election of Directors . The information
required herein regarding executive officers required is set
forth in Part I hereof under the heading Executive Officers
 of the Registrant , which information is incorporated
herein by reference. The information required by this item
regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934 by NEXTLINK s directors and
executive officers, and holders of ten percent of a registered
class of NEXTLINK s equity securities is incorporated herein
 by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement for
NEXTLINK s 2000 Annual Meeting which is scheduled to be
filed on or before April 29, 2000, under the caption
 Other Information-Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance .

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this item regarding compensation of
executive officers and directors is incorporated herein by
reference from the definitive Proxy Statement for NEXTLINK s
 2000 Annual Meeting, which is scheduled to be filed on or before
 April 29, 2000, under the captions Director
Compensation and Executive Compensation .

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management 

The information required by this item is incorporated herein by
reference from the definitive Proxy Statement for NEXTLINK s
 2000 Annual Meeting, which is scheduled to be filed on or before
 April 29, 2000, under the caption NEXTLINK Common
Stock Ownership .

 48

Table of Contents 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions 

The information required by this item is incorporated herein by
reference from the definitive Proxy Statement for NEXTLINK s
 2000 Annual Meeting, which is scheduled to be filed on or before
 April 29, 2000, under the caption Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions. 

 PART IV 

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
 and Reports on Form 8-K. 

(a) 1. and 2. Financial Statements and Schedules:

Nextlink Communications, Inc. 

Report of Independent Public Accountants 

F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1999 and 1998 

F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended
	December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit)
	for the Years Ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
	December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 

F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-6 

NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. 

Report of Independent Public Accountants 

F-24 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1999 and 1998 

F-25 

Note to Balance Sheets 

F-26 

(3) List of Exhibits Refer to
Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference.

(b) Reports on Form 8-K:

(1) Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 17,
 1999, reporting under Item 5 certain completed and proposed
 financings of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.

(2) Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 7,
1999, reporting under Item 5 that NEXTLINK Communications,
Inc. had entered into certain financing and other agreements.

(3) Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 11,
2000, reporting under Item 5 that NEXTLINK Communications,
Inc. had entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Share
Exchange Agreement with Concentric Network Corporation and Eagle
River Investments, L.L.C.

(4) Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 24,
2000, reporting under Item 5 the closing of the previously
announced 850 million investment by Forstmann Little &
Co. in NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.

(5) Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 24,
2000, reporting under Item 5 certain details regarding the
Concentric acquisition and the closing of the previously
announced 1 billion credit facility with various lenders,
Goldman Sachs Credit Partners L.P., as syndication agent, Toronto
 Dominion (Texas), Inc., as administrative agent, Barclays Bank
PLC, and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as co-documentation agents and
 Goldman Sachs Credit Partners L.P., and TD Securities
(USA) Inc., as joint lead arrangers, and certain
subsidiaries of NEXTLINK, as guarantors.

 49

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrants have duly
caused this report to be signed on their behalf by their
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Date: March 29, 2000 

By: /s/ DANIEL F. AKERSON 
	 Daniel F. Akerson 
	Chief Executive Officer 
	Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below on March 29, 2000 by
 the following persons on behalf of the Registrants and in the
capacities indicated:

Name 
	 
	 Title 

/s/ DANIEL F. AKERSON 
	 Daniel F. Akerson 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Chairman of
	 the Board of Directors 

/s/ MARK S. GUNNING 
	 Mark S. Gunning 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal
	Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ JOSEPH L. COLE 
	 Joseph L. Cole 

Director 

/s/ NATHANIEL A. DAVIS 
	 Nathaniel A. Davis 

Director 

/s/ NICHOLAS C. FORSTMANN 
	 Nicholas C. Forstmann 

Director 

William A. Hoglund 

Director 

/s/ SANDRA J. HORBACH 
	 Sandra J. Horbach 

Director 

/s/ NICOLAS KAUSER 
	 Nicolas Kauser 

Director 

Craig O. McCaw 

Director 

50

Table of Contents 

Name 
	 
	 Title 

/s/ SHARON L. NELSON 
	 Sharon L. Nelson 

Director 

/s/ JEFFREY S. RAIKES 
	 Jeffrey S. Raikes 

Director 

/s/ DENNIS M. WEIBLING 
	 Dennis M. Weibling 

Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrants have duly
caused this report to be signed on their behalf by their
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. 

Date: March 29, 2000 

By: /s/ DANIEL F. AKERSON 
	 Daniel F. Akerson 
	Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below on March 29, 2000 by
 the following persons on behalf of the Registrants and in the
capacities indicated:

Name 
	 
	 Title 

/s/ DANIEL F. AKERSON 
	 Daniel F. Akerson 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ MARK S. GUNNING 
	 Mark S. Gunning 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal
	Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ GARY D. BEGEMAN 
	 Gary D. Begeman 

Director 

51

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger and Share Exchange Agreement, dated
	January 9, 2000, by and among Concentric Network
	Corporation, NEXTLINK Communications, Inc., Eagle River
	Investments, L.L.C. and NM Acquisition Corp. (Incorporated herein
	 by reference to exhibit 10.1 filed with the current report
	on Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2000) 

3.1.1 

Certificate of Incorporation of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
	(Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.1 filed with
	the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. (Commission File No. 333-53975)) 

3.1.2 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of
	NEXTLINK Communications, Inc., dated August 25, 1999
	(Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.2 filed with
	the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
	ended September 30, 1999 of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
	and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

3.1.3 

Certificate of Designation of the Powers, Preferences and
	Relative, Participating, Optional and Other Special Rights of 14 
	 Senior Exchangeable Redeemable Preferred Shares and
	Qualifications, Limitations and Restrictions Thereof
	(Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibit 4.2 filed
	with the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. (Commission File No. 333-53975)) 

3.1.4 

Certificate of Designation of Powers, Preferences and Relative,
	Participating, Optional and Other Special Rights of 6 1/2 
	Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and Qualifications,
	Limitations and Restrictions Thereof (Incorporated herein by
	reference to exhibit 4.8 filed with the Registration
	Statement on Form S-4 of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
	(Commission File No. 333-53975)) 

3.1.5 

Certificate of Designation of Powers, Preferences and Relative,
	Participating, Optional and Other Special Rights of Series C
	 Cumulative Convertible Participating Preferred Stock and
	Qualifications, Limitations and Restrictions Thereof 

3.1.6 

Certificate of Designation of the Powers, Preferences and
	Relative, Participating, Optional and Other Special Rights of
	Series D Convertible Participating Preferred Stock and
	Qualifications, Limitations and Restrictions Thereof 

3.2 

By-laws of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. (Incorporated herein by
	reference to exhibit 3.2 filed with the Registration
	Statement on Form S-4 of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
	(Commission File No. 333-53975)) 

3.3 

Articles of Incorporation of NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. (Incorporated
	 herein by reference to exhibit 3.3 filed with the
	Registration Statement on Form S-4 of NEXTLINK
	Communications, L.L.C. (the predecessor of NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc.) and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. (Commission File
	 No. 333-4603)) 

3.4 

By-laws of NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. (Incorporated herein by
	reference to exhibit 3.4 filed with the Registration
	Statement on Form S-4 of NEXTLINK Communications, L.L.C.
	(the predecessor of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.) and NEXTLINK
	Capital, Inc. (Commission File No. 333-4603)) 

4.1.1 

Form of stock certificate of 14 Senior Exchangeable Redeemable
	Preferred Shares (Incorporated herein by reference to
	exhibit 4.4 filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB
	 for the year ended December 31, 1996 of NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

4.1.2 

Form of stock certificate of Class A common stock
	(Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.4 filed with
	the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. (Commission File No. 333-32001)) 

4.1.3 

Form of stock certificate of 6 1/2 Cumulative Convertible
	Preferred Stock 

4.1.4 

Form of stock certificate of Series C Cumulative Convertible
	 Participating Preferred Stock 

4.1.5 

Form of stock certificate of Series D Convertible
	Participating Preferred Stock 

52

Table of Contents 

4.2.1 

Indenture, dated as of April 25, 1996, by and among NEXTLINK
	 Communications, Inc., NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. and United States
	Trust Company of New York, as Trustee, relating to 12 1/2 
	Senior Notes due April 15, 2006, including form of global
	note (Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.1 filed
	with the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of NEXTLINK
	Communications, L.L.C. (the predecessor of NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc.) and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. (Commission File
	 No. 333-4603)) 

4.2.2 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 1997,
	by and among NEXTLINK Communications, Inc., NEXTLINK
	Communications, L.L.C., NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. and United States
	Trust Company of New York, as Trustee (Incorporated herein by
	reference to exhibit 4.6 filed with the Annual Report on
	Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1996 of
	NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

4.2.3 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 3, 1998, amending
	Indenture dated April 25, 1996, by and among NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc., NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. and United States
	Trust Company of New York, as Trustee (Incorporated herein by
	reference to exhibit 4.10 filed with the Registration
	Statement on Form S-4 of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
	(Commission File No. 333-53975)) 

4.3.1 

Indenture dated September 25, 1997 between United States
	Trust Company, as Trustee and NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.,
	relating to the 9 5/8 Senior Notes due 2007 (Incorporated
	herein by reference to exhibit 4.7 filed with the
	Registration Statement on Form S-3 of NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. (Commission File No. 333-77577)) 

4.3.2 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated June 3, 1998, amending
	Indenture dated September 25, 1997, by and between NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. and United States Trust Company of New York,
	 as Trustee (Incorporated herein by reference to
	exhibit 4.11 filed with the Registration Statement on
	Form S-4 of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. (Commission File
	No. 333-53975)) 

4.4.1 

Indenture, dated March 3, 1998, between United States Trust
	Company, as Trustee and NEXTLINK Communications, Inc., relating
	to the 9 Senior Notes due 2008 (Incorporated herein by reference
	 to exhibit 4.7 filed with the Annual Report on
	Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1997 of
	NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

4.4.2 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated June 3, 1998, amending
	Indenture dated March 3, 1998, by and between NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. and United States Trust Company of New York,
	 as Trustee (Incorporated herein by reference to
	exhibit 4.12 filed with the Registration Statement on
	Form S-4 of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. (Commission File
	No. 333-53975)) 

4.5.1 

Indenture, dated April 1, 1998, between United States Trust
	Company, as Trustee and NEXTLINK Communications, Inc., relating
	to the 9.45 Senior Discount Notes due 2008 (Incorporated herein
	by reference to exhibit 4.9 filed with the quarterly report
	on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31,
	1998 of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

4.5.2 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated June 3, 1998, amending
	Indenture dated April 1, 1998, by and between NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. and United States Trust Company of New York,
	 as Trustee (Incorporated herein by reference to
	exhibit 4.13 filed with the Registration Statement on
	Form S-4 of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. (Commission File
	No. 333-53975)) 

4.6 

Indenture, dated November 12, 1998, by and among NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. and United States Trust Company of New York,
	 as trustee relating to the 10 3/4 Senior Notes due 2008
	(Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.1 filed with
	the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. (Commission File No. 333-71749)) 

53

Table of Contents 

4.7 

Indenture, dated June 1, 1999, by and among NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. and United States Trust Company of New York,
	 as Trustee, relating to the 10 3/4 Senior Notes due 2009
	(Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.16 filed with
	 the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
	ended September 30, 1999 of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
	and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

4.8 

Indenture, dated June 1, 1999, by and among NEXTLINK
	Communications Inc. and United States Trust Company of Texas, as
	Trustee, related to the 12 1/4 Senior Discount Notes due
	2009 (Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.17
	filed with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the
	quarterly period ended September 30, 1999 of NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

4.9 

Indenture, dated November 17, 1999, by and among NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. and United States Trust Company of New York,
	 as Trustee, relating to the 10 1/2 Senior Notes due 2009
	(Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.1(i) filed
	with the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. (Commission File No. 333-30388)) 

4.10 

Indenture, dated November 17, 1999, by and among NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. and United States Trust Company of Texas, as
	 Trustee, relating to the 12 1/8 Senior Discount Notes due
	2009 (Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.1(ii)
	filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of
	NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. (Commission File No. 
	333-30388)) 

10.1 

Stock Option Plan of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. as amended 

10.2 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
	(Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10.2 filed with
	 the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. (Commission File No. 333-53975)) 

10.3 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. Change of Control Retention Bonus
	and Severance Pay Plan 

10.4 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 15, 1997,
	 between NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and the signatories listed
	 therein (Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10.4
	filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year
	ended December 31, 1996 of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and
	 NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

10.5 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 4, 1997,
	 between NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and Wendy P. McCaw 

10.6 

Registration Right Agreement, dated as of June 30, 1999,
	between NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and Craig O. McCaw 

10.7 

Registration Rights Agreement dated as of January 20, 2000,
	between NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and the purchasers listed
	on the signature pages thereto, relating to Class A common
	stock issuable upon conversion of Series C and D convertible
	 preferred stock 

10.8 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 14, 1999,
	between NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and the Holders referred to
	 therein. (Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10.2
	filed with the current report on Form 8-K filed on
	January 19, 1999) 

10.9 

Employment Agreement, effective September 21, 1999, by and
	between Daniel Akerson and NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
	(Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10.11 filed
	with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
	period ended September 30, 1999 of NEXTLINK Communications,
	Inc. and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

10.10 

Letter agreement, dated June 9, 1998, between NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. and Jan Loichle 

10.11 

Employment Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2000, by and
	between Nathaniel A. Davis and NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

10.12 

Fiber Lease and Innerduct Use Agreement, dated February 23,
	1998, by and between NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and Metromedia
	 Fiber Network, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to
	exhibit 10.5 filed with the Annual Report on
	Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1997 of
	NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

54

Table of Contents 

10.13 

Amendment No. 1 to Fiber Lease and Innerduct Use Agreement,
	dated March 4, 1998, by and between NEXTLINK Communications,
	 Inc. and Metromedia Fiber Network, Inc. (Incorporated herein by
	reference to exhibit 10.6 filed with the Annual Report on
	Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1997 of
	NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

10.14 

Cost sharing and IRU Agreement, dated July 18, 1998, between
	 Level 3 Communications, LLC and INTERNEXT LLC.
	(Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10.8 filed with
	 the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
	ended September 30, 1998 of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
	and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

10.15 

Guaranty Agreement, dated July 18, 1998, between NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. and Level 3 Communications, LLC.
	(Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10.7 filed with
	 the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
	ended September 30, 1998 of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
	and NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.) 

10.16 

Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2000,
	 among NEXTLINK Communications, Inc., certain subsidiaries of
	NEXTLINK Communications, Inc., as guarantors, various lenders,
	Goldman Sachs Credit Partners L.P., as syndication agent, Toronto
	 Dominion (Texas), Inc., as administrative agent, Barclays Bank
	PLC, and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as co-documentation agents and
	 Goldman Sachs Credit Partners L.P., and TD Securities
	(USA) Inc., as joint lead arrangers (Incorporated herein by
	reference to exhibit 10.1 filed with the current report on
	Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2000) 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23 

Consent of Independent Public Accountants 

27 

Financial Data Schedule 

55

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 

 To the Board of Directors of 
 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders 
 equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the three years
 in the period ended December 31, 1999. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards
generally accepted in the United States. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
 about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, and the
consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
1999, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
 in the United States.

/s/ ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Seattle, Washington

February 14, 2000

F-1

Table of Contents 

 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

868,463 

319,496 

Marketable securities 

1,013,301 

1,158,566 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of
	 4,246 and 3,022, respectively 

80,746 

36,115 

Other current assets 

24,498 

16,480 

Pledged securities 

40,759 

21,500 

Total current assets 

2,027,767 

1,552,157 

Property and equipment, net 

1,180,021 

594,408 

Investment in fixed wireless licenses, net 

933,128 

67,352 

Other assets, net 

456,192 

269,189 

Total assets 

4,597,108 

2,483,106 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

81,841 

61,175 

Other accrued liabilities 

119,795 

45,056 

Accrued interest payable 

45,578 

34,670 

Current portion of long-term obligations 

2,003 

2,755 

Total current liabilities 

249,217 

143,656 

Long-term debt 

3,733,342 

2,013,192 

Other long-term liabilities 

15,319 

16,553 

Total liabilities 

3,997,878 

2,173,401 

Redeemable preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, 25,000,000
	 shares authorized; 14 Preferred, aggregate liquidation
	preference 425,952; 8,324,796 and 7,254,675 shares issued and
	outstanding in 1999 and 1998, respectively; 6 1/2 
	Convertible Preferred, aggregate liquidation preference 200,000;
	 4,000,000 shares issued and outstanding 

612,352 

556,168 

Shareholders deficit: 

Common stock, par value 0.02 per share, stated at amounts paid
	in; Class A, 400,000,000 shares authorized, 75,228,632 and
	48,340,234 shares issued and outstanding at December 31,
	1999 and 1998, respectively; Class B, 60,000,000 shares
	authorized, 58,742,550 and 60,595,804 shares issued and
	outstanding at December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively 

1,139,232 

354,525 

Deferred compensation 

(85,489 

(11,370 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

150,634 

Accumulated deficit 

(1,217,499 

(589,618 

Total shareholders deficit 

(13,122 

(246,463 

Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

4,597,108 

2,483,106 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

 F-2

Table of Contents 

 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 
	 
	 1997 

Revenue 

274,324 

139,667 

57,579 

Costs and expenses: 

Operating 

221,664 

123,675 

54,031 

Selling, general and administrative 

266,908 

156,929 

75,732 

Restructuring (including 28,016 in non-cash stock compensation) 

30,935 

Deferred compensation 

12,872 

4,993 

3,247 

Depreciation 

93,097 

45,638 

18,851 

Amortization 

15,378 

14,616 

8,339 

Total costs and expenses 

640,854 

345,851 

160,200 

Loss from operations 

(366,530 

(206,184 

(102,621 

Interest income 

90,961 

72,409 

28,112 

Interest expense 

(283,123 

(144,565 

(54,495 

Net loss 

(558,692 

(278,340 

(129,004 

Preferred stock dividends and accretion of preferred stock
	redemption obligation, including issue costs 

(69,189 

(58,773 

(39,320 

Net loss applicable to common shares 

(627,881 

(337,113 

(168,324 

Net loss per share (basic and diluted) 

(5.02 

(3.13 

(1.96 

Shares used in computation of net loss per share 

125,132,459 

107,708,264 

86,111,770 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

 F-3

Table of Contents 

 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit)

(Dollars in thousands) 

Common Stock 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Other 

Deferred 
	 
	 Accumulated 
	 
	 Comprehensive 

Class A 
	 
	 Class B 
	 
	 Amount 
	 
	 Compensation 
	 
	 Deficit 
	 
	 Income 

Balance at December 31, 1996. 

(84,181 

Merger of NEXTLINK Communications, L.L.C. with and into NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. 

72,330,518 

65,527 

Conversion of Equity Option Plan into Stock Option Plan 

15,363 

(4,234 

Issuance of compensatory stock option 

4,872 

(4,872 

Compensation attributable to stock options vesting 

2,335 

Issuance of common stock under leasing agreement 

353,068 

1,400 

Issuance of common stock through Stock Option Plan 

1,345,756 

1,842,628 

115 

Issuance of common stock in initial public offering 

28,560,000 

226,760 

Sale of common stock by selling shareholder in initial public
	offering 

6,400,000 

(6,400,000 

Issuance of common stock in acquisitions 

1,396,974 

16,524 

Conversion of Class B common stock into Class A common
	stock 

280,000 

(280,000 

Cumulative redeemable stock redemption obligation, including
	issue costs 

(39,320 

Net loss 

(129,004 

Balance at December 31, 1997. 

38,335,798 

67,493,146 

330,561 

(6,771 

(252,505 

Issuance of compensatory stock options 

9,592 

(9,592 

Compensation attributable to stock options vesting 

4,993 

Issuance of common stock through employee benefit plans 

1,688,570 

3,695 

Issuance of common stock for purchase of minority interest 

378,624 

5,727 

Conversion of Class B common stock into Class A common
	stock 

8,315,866 

(8,315,866 

Termination of common stock redemption obligation 

1,039,900 

4,950 

Cumulative redeemable preferred stock dividends and accretion of
	preferred stock redemption obligation, including issue costs 

(58,773 

Net loss 

(278,340 

Balance at December 31, 1998 

48,340,234 

60,595,804 

354,525 

(11,370 

(589,618 

Issuance of common stock in public offering 

8,464,100 

310,533 

Issuance of common stock in acquisition 

11,431,662 

350,438 

Issuance of compensatory stock options 

86,991 

(86,991 

Compensation attributable to stock options vesting 

12,872 

Issuance of common stock through employee benefit plans 

4,596,708 

36,468 

Conversion of Class B common stock into Class A common
	stock 

2,391,060 

(2,391,060 

Issuance of common stock for purchase of minority interest 

537,806 

210 

Issuance of common stock under leasing arrangement 

4,868 

67 

Cumulative redeemable preferred stock dividends and accretion of
	preferred stock redemption obligation, including issue costs 

(69,189 

Net loss 

(558,692 

Other comprehensive income unrealized holding gains
	arising during the period 

150,634 

Total comprehensive income 

Balance at December 31, 1999. 

75,228,632 

58,742,550 

1,139,232 

(85,489 

(1,217,499 

150,634 

[Additional columns below]

 [Continued from above table, first column(s) repeated]

Members 

Capital 
	 
	 Total 

Balance at December 31, 1996. 

65,527 

(18,654 

Merger of NEXTLINK Communications, L.L.C. with and into NEXTLINK
	Communications, Inc. 

(65,527 

Conversion of Equity Option Plan into Stock Option Plan 

11,129 

Issuance of compensatory stock option 

Compensation attributable to stock options vesting 

2,335 

Issuance of common stock under leasing agreement 

1,400 

Issuance of common stock through Stock Option Plan 

115 

Issuance of common stock in initial public offering 

226,760 

Sale of common stock by selling shareholder in initial public
	offering 

Issuance of common stock in acquisitions 

16,524 

Conversion of Class B common stock into Class A common
	stock 

Cumulative redeemable stock redemption obligation, including
	issue costs 

(39,320 

Net loss 

(129,004 

Balance at December 31, 1997. 

71,285 

Issuance of compensatory stock options 

Compensation attributable to stock options vesting 

4,993 

Issuance of common stock through employee benefit plans 

3,695 

Issuance of common stock for purchase of minority interest 

5,727 

Conversion of Class B common stock into Class A common
	stock 

Termination of common stock redemption obligation 

4,950 

Cumulative redeemable preferred stock dividends and accretion of
	preferred stock redemption obligation, including issue costs 

(58,773 

Net loss 

(278,340 

Balance at December 31, 1998 

(246,463 

Issuance of common stock in public offering 

310,533 

Issuance of common stock in acquisition 

350,438 

Issuance of compensatory stock options 

Compensation attributable to stock options vesting 

12,872 

Issuance of common stock through employee benefit plans 

36,468 

Conversion of Class B common stock into Class A common
	stock 

Issuance of common stock for purchase of minority interest 

210 

Issuance of common stock under leasing arrangement 

67 

Cumulative redeemable preferred stock dividends and accretion of
	preferred stock redemption obligation, including issue costs 

(69,189 

Net loss 

(558,692 

Other comprehensive income unrealized holding gains
	arising during the period 

150,634 

Total comprehensive income 

(408,058 

Balance at December 31, 1999. 

(13,122 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

 F-4

Table of Contents 

 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 
	 
	 1997 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

(558,692 

(278,340 

(129,004 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
	activities: 

Restructuring charge 

28,016 

Deferred compensation expense 

12,872 

4,993 

3,247 

Equity in loss of affiliates 

4,386 

3,677 

2,544 

Depreciation and amortization 

108,475 

60,254 

27,190 

Accretion of interest on senior notes 

68,731 

28,869 

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from
	acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

(44,631 

(13,160 

(11,206 

Other current assets 

(11,414 

(4,996 

(4,778 

Other long-term assets 

6,034 

(16,179 

(1,208 

Accounts payable 

(6,924 

5,742 

4,116 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

23,323 

18,866 

2,149 

Accrued interest payable 

10,908 

15,790 

9,630 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(358,916 

(174,484 

(97,320 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

(611,511 

(268,255 

(142,170 

Investment in fixed wireless licenses (net of cash received) 

(515,627 

(67,354 

Investment in assets of acquired businesses (net of cash
	acquired) 

(61,609 

Cash placed into escrow in conjunction with acquisition 

6,000 

Assets acquired in network lease 

(92,000 

Investments in unconsolidated affiliates 

(1,776 

(80,836 

(6,766 

Purchase of pledged securities 

(40,759 

Maturity of pledged securities 

21,135 

36,981 

39,920 

Purchase of marketable securities 

(9,095,139 

(4,699,018 

(2,100,916 

Sale of marketable securities 

9,203,057 

3,893,735 

1,795,346 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(1,040,620 

(1,276,747 

(470,195 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Net proceeds from issuance of redeemable preferred stock 

193,824 

274,000 

Repayment of payable to affiliates 

(1,500 

Repayment of note payable and other obligations 

(2,954 

(11,417 

(7,865 

Dividends paid on convertible preferred stock 

(13,000 

(9,750 

Net proceeds from sale of common stock 

310,533 

226,760 

Proceeds from sale of senior notes 

1,651,419 

1,234,323 

400,000 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock
	options 

36,468 

3,695 

115 

Costs incurred in connection with debt financing 

(33,963 

(29,022 

(11,728 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

1,948,503 

1,381,653 

879,782 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

548,967 

(69,578 

312,267 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

319,496 

389,074 

76,807 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

868,463 

319,496 

389,074 

SUPPLEMENTAL DATA: 

Cash paid for interest 

202,431 

100,551 

44,865 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

 F-5

Table of Contents 

 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 

1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
NEXTLINK Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its
majority-owned subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
Company). The Company, through predecessor entities, was formed
in September 1994 and, through its subsidiaries, provides
competitive local, long distance and enhanced telecommunications
services in selected markets in the United States. The Company is
 a majority-owned subsidiary of Eagle River Investments, LLC
(Eagle River).

As the competitive local telecommunications service business is a
 capital intensive business, the Company s operations are
subject to significant risks and uncertainties including
competitive, financial, developmental, operational, growth and
expansion, technological, regulatory, and other risks associated
with developing the Company s business.

 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Principles of Consolidation 

The Company s financial statements include 100 of the
assets, liabilities and results of operations of subsidiaries in
which the Company has a controlling interest. All significant
inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with
maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be
cash equivalents.

 Marketable Securities 

Investments in marketable securities are classified as
available-for-sale and are reported at fair value in accordance
with SFAS No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments
in Debt and Equity Securities. The fair values are based on
 quoted market prices. Unrealized gains and losses on marketable
securities are reported as a separate component of comprehensive
income, if significant. The Company s marketable securities
consist of U.S. government and other securities with original
maturities beyond three months.

 Pledged Securities 

As of December 31, 1999, the Company had pledged
 40.0 million in marketable securities as collateral against
 certain hedge options. The Company had entered into a hedge
transaction during 1999 to reduce its risk of significant market
declines on certain highly volatile equity securities. The hedge
was closed out in early 2000.

As of December 31, 1998, the Company had pledged
 20.5 million in U.S. government securities to be used to
satisfy interest payment obligations on its 12 1/2 Senior
Notes due 2006. In connection with the sale of 12 1/2 
Senior Notes, a portion of the net proceeds was used to purchase
a portfolio consisting of U.S. government securities, which
matured at dates sufficient to provide for interest payments in
full on the 12 1/2 Senior Notes through April 15,
1999. All of such pledged securities were used for such interest
payments with remaining amounts released to the Company.

The pledged securities are stated at cost, adjusted for premium
amortization and accrued interest. The fair value of the pledged
securities approximates the carrying value.

 F-6

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

 Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the
assets. Direct costs of construction are capitalized, including
 9.9 million, 4.3 million, and 1.8 million of
interest costs related to construction during 1999, 1998 and
1997, respectively.

Estimated useful lives of property and equipment are as follows:

Telecommunications networks 

5-20 years 

Office equipment, furniture and other 

3-5 years 

Leasehold improvements 

the lesser of the estimated useful lives or the terms of the
	leases 

Investment in Fixed Wireless Licenses 

Investment in fixed wireless licenses consists of direct and
indirect costs to acquire fixed wireless license rights. Such
costs will be amortized using the straight-line method over
20 years commencing when the license is placed into use, or
when commercial service using fixed wireless technology is
deployed in the license s geographic area.

 Other Assets 

Other assets consist primarily of intangible assets including
costs allocated in acquisitions to customer bases, software and
related intellectual property, and goodwill. Such costs are
amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets as follows:

Customer bases 

5 years 

Software and related intellectual property 

5 years 

Goodwill 

15-20 years 

The Company periodically evaluates the recoverability of goodwill
 based upon projected undiscounted cash flows and operating
income or other valuation techniques.

Costs incurred in connection with securing the Company s
debt facilities, including underwriting and advisory fees and
other such costs, are deferred and included in other assets, and
are amortized over the term of the financing using the
straight-line method.

Other assets also includes investments in entities in which the
Company has less than a majority interest but can exercise
significant influence. The Company uses the equity method to
account for such investments. Under the equity method,
investments originally recorded at cost, are adjusted to
recognize the Company s share of net earnings or losses of
the affiliates as they occur, rather than as dividends or other
distributions received, limited to the extent of the
Company s investment in, advances to and guarantees for the
investees. Investments in publicly traded equity securities are
marked to market in accordance with SFAS No. 115
 Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
Securities. Investments in entities in which the Company
has no significant influence are accounted for under the cost
method and included in other assets.

 Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the
provisions of SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income
Taxes , which requires that deferred income taxes be
determined based on the estimated future tax effects of
differences between the financial statement and tax bases of
assets and liabilities given the provisions of the enacted tax
laws.

 F-7

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

 Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue on telecommunications and enhanced
 communications services in the period that services are
provided.

 Net Loss Per Share 

Net loss per share has been computed in accordance with SFAS
No. 128, Earnings Per Share. Accordingly, net
loss per share amounts are based on the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during each period. Pursuant to the
Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 98, nominal issuances of shares and common stock
equivalents during the twelve-month period preceding the
Company s initial public offering in September 1997
have been included as if such shares were outstanding for all
periods presented. All other common share equivalents are
excluded from the calculation of net loss per share due to their
antidilutive effect. Therefore, the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding for basic and dilutive net loss per
share calculations are equal for all periods presented.

 Stock-Based Compensation 

As allowed by SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based
 Compensation, the Company has chosen to account for
compensation cost associated with its stock option plans in
accordance with Accounting Principles Bulletin Opinion
No. 25 adopting the disclosure-only provisions of
SFAS 123. Accordingly, the excess, if any, of the market
value of the common stock over the exercise price of the option
on the date of grant is recorded as expense ratably over the
vesting period.

 Concentration of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of trade
receivables. The Company s trade receivables are
geographically dispersed and include customers in many different
industries. Management believes that any risk of loss is
significantly reduced due to the diversity of its customers and
geographic sales areas. The Company continually evaluates the
creditworthiness of its customers; however, it generally does not
 require collateral. The Company s allowance for doubtful
accounts is based on historical trends, current market conditions
 and other relevant factors.

 Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires
 management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

 Reclassifications 

Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts
in order to conform to the current year presentation.

 Accounting Changes 

 Comprehensive Income 

Under SFAS No. 130 Reporting Comprehensive
Income, the Company is required to report comprehensive
income, which includes the Company s net income, as well as
changes in equity from other sources. In the Company s case,
 the other changes in equity included in comprehensive income
comprise unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale
investments.

 F-8

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

 Segment Information 

In the first quarter of 1998, the Company adopted SFAS
No. 131 Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise
and Related Information. SFAS No. 131 supersedes SFAS
No. 14 Financial Reporting for Segments of a Business
Enterprise. Under the new standard the Company uses the
 management approach to reporting its segments. Under
the management approach, the internal organization that is used
by management for making operating decisions and assessing
performance is the basis for designating the Company s
segments.

 New Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) issued SFAS No. 133 Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, which
establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative
instruments and hedging activities. It requires that an entity
recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the
balance sheet and measure those instruments at fair value. The
standard was initially proposed to be effective for all fiscal
quarters of all fiscal years beginning after June 15, 1999,
however the FASB issued SFAS 137 Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities Deferral of the
Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 133 , and the
effective date of this SFAS has been deferred until issuance by
the FASB. Management believes that the adoption of SFAS 133 will
not materially impact the Company s financial position.

In January 2000, the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) issued Staff Accounting Bulletin 101, Revenue
Recognition, that will be effective for the Company s
year ending December 31, 2000. The bulletin provides
guidance for applying Generally Accepted Accounting Principles to
 revenue recognition, presentation, and disclosure in financial
statements filed with the SEC. Management believes that the
bulletin will not materially impact the Company s financial
position.

 3. ACQUISITIONS 

In April 1999, the Company acquired WNP Communications, Inc
(WNP), for a total of 698.2 million. Of this amount the
Company paid 157.7 million to the FCC in license fees,
including interest. The remainder of the purchase price,
consisting of 190.1 million in cash and 11,431,662 shares
of Class A common stock, was paid to the stockholders of
WNP. In this transaction, the Company acquired 39 A block local
multi-point distribution services, or LMDS, wireless licenses and
 one B block LMDS wireless license. At the time of the
acquisition, WNP was a holding company for the fixed wireless
licenses and did not have any operations.

In June 1999, the Company acquired from Nextel
Communications Inc. (Nextel) its 50 interest in NEXTBAND, a
joint venture formed between the Company and Nextel in
January 1998, for 137.7 million in cash. NEXTBAND owns
 LMDS licenses in 42 markets throughout the U.S. The purchase
price was determined based on a formula derived in conjunction
with the acquisition of WNP.

In July 1998, the Company formed INTERNEXT L.L.C., which is
beneficially owned 50 each by the Company and Eagle River.
INTERNEXT entered into an agreement with Level 3 Communications,
Inc. Level 3 is constructing a fiber optic network that is
expected to cover more than 16,000 route miles with six or more
conduits and connect 50 cities in the United States and Canada.
Pursuant to this agreement, INTERNEXT will receive an exclusive
interest in 24 dark fibers in a shared, filled
conduit, one empty conduit and the right to 25 of the fibers
pulled through the sixth and any additional conduits in the
network. INTERNEXT will pay 700 million in exchange for
these rights, the majority of which will be payable as segments
of the network are completed and accepted, substantially all of
which is expected to occur during 2000 and 2001. As of
December 31, 1999, INTERNEXT had paid 47.6 million to
Level 3 of which 19.8 million was paid in 1999. The
investment is recorded in Other Assets.

 F-9

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

In November 1997, the Company acquired all of the
outstanding shares of Start Technologies Corporation (Start), a
shared tenant services provider offering local and long distance
services, Internet access and customer premise equipment
management in Texas and Arizona. The Company paid consideration
for the transaction consisting of 20.0 million in cash,
882,672 shares of Class A common stock, and the assumption
of approximately 5.3 million in liabilities.

In October 1997, the Company acquired all of the outstanding
 shares of Chadwick Telecommunications Corporation, a
switch-based long distance reseller in central Pennsylvania,
through a merger transaction between Chadwick and a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company. The purchase price consisted of a 5.0
 million promissory note paid in January 1998, issuance of
1,028,604 and 578,588 shares of Class A common stock in 1997
 and March 2000, respectively, and the repayment of
long-term debt and other liabilities totaling 6.6 million.
The Company also has agreed to issue an additional 96,432 shares
of Class A common stock in the event that certain
performance goals are achieved by March 31, 2002.

 4. MARKETABLE SECURITIES 

Of the marketable securities outstanding as of December 31,
1999, 532.9 million matures within one year. The remainder
matures in less than two years.

As of December 31, 1999, the Company s marketable
securities were recorded at fair value. As of December 31,
1998, such securities were recorded at amortized cost which
approximated fair value. The Company s marketable securities
 consisted of the following (in thousands):

December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 

U.S. Government and agency notes and bonds 

552,394 

653,554 

State and municipal notes and bonds 

28,561 

Foreign government notes and bonds 

21,195 

7,016 

Corporate notes and bonds 

439,712 

469,435 

1,013,301 

1,158,566 

5. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Property and equipment consisted of the following components (in
thousands):

December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 

Telecommunications networks 

781,899 

379,277 

Office equipment, leasehold improvements, furniture and other 

216,456 

107,991 

998,355 

487,268 

Less accumulated depreciation 

174,134 

81,212 

824,221 

406,056 

Network construction in progress 

355,800 

188,352 

1,180,021 

594,408 

In February 1998, the Company entered into a 20-year capital
 lease for exclusive rights to multiple fibers and innerducts
throughout New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Maryland and Washington D.C. The Company paid
 97.0 million in the transaction, of which 5.0 million
 was paid for rights-of-way. Of the purchase price,
 80.3 million was placed into escrow pending completion and
delivery of segments of the network route to the Company. The
payment was recorded as a long-term asset, and is

 F-10

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

reclassified as property and equipment as portions of the network
 are completed. As of December 31, 1999, 25.2 million
has been released from escrow for delivery of portions of the
network. The Company has the option to renew the lease for two
additional 10 year terms.

 6. OTHER ASSETS 

Other assets consisted of the following components (in
thousands):

December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 

Customer bases 

53,447 

53,397 

Investments in unconsolidated affiliates 

58,499 

17,839 

Financing costs 

72,528 

50,572 

Assets acquired in network lease 

66,800 

92,000 

Goodwill 

62,599 

62,330 

Other non-current assets 

186,681 

27,886 

500,554 

304,024 

Less accumulated amortization 

44,362 

34,835 

456,192 

269,189 

7. OTHER ACCRUED LIABILITIES 

Other accrued liabilities consisted of the following components
(in thousands)

December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 

Accrued compensation 

27,516 

11,410 

Accrued restructuring costs 

30,935 

Other accrued liabilities 

61,344 

33,646 

119,795 

45,056 

F-11

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

 8. LONG-TERM DEBT 

Long-term debt consisted of the following components (in
thousands):

December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 

Carrying 
	 
	 Estimated 
	 
	 Carrying 

Value 
	 
	 Fair Value 
	 
	 Value 

Senior Notes, 10 1/2 , due December 1, 2009 

400,000 

400,000 

Senior Discount Notes, 12 1/8 , due December 1, 2009 

255,230 

259,206 

Senior Notes, 10 3/4 , due June 1, 2009 

675,000 

684,797 

Senior Discount Notes, 12 1/4 , due June 1, 2009 

348,425 

358,711 

Senior Notes, 10 3/4 , due November 15, 2008 

500,000 

507,038 

500,000 

Senior Discount Notes, 9.45 , due April 15, 2008 

470,420 

408,483 

428,813 

Senior Notes, 9 , due March 15, 2008 

334,267 

308,059 

334,379 

Senior Notes, 9 5/8 , due October 1, 2007 

400,000 

382,042 

400,000 

Senior Notes, 12 1/2 , due April 15, 2006 

350,000 

381,391 

350,000 

3,733,342 

3,689,727 

2,013,192 

On November 17, 1999, the Company completed the sale of
 400.0 million of 10 1/2 Senior Notes and
 455.0 million in principal amount at stated maturity of
12 1/8 Senior Discount Notes, both due 2009. The Company
received proceeds, net of discounts, commissions, advisory fees
and expenses totaling approximately 639.6 million. Interest
 payments on the 10 1/2 Notes are due semi-annually
beginning June 1, 2000. The 12 1/8 Notes were issued
at a discount from their principal amount to generate aggregate
gross proceeds of approximately 251.4 million. The 12 1/8 
 Notes accrete at a rate of 12 1/8 compounded
semi-annually, to an aggregate principal amount of
 455 million by December 1, 2004. No cash interest will
 accrue on the 12 1/8 Notes until December 1, 2004.
Interest will become payable in cash semi-annually beginning June
 1 2005. The Company has the option to redeem the 10 1/2 
Notes and the 12 1/8 Notes, in whole or in part, beginning
 December 1, 2004 at established redemption prices that
decline to 100 of the stated principal amount thereof by
December 1, 2007.

On June 1, 1999, the Company completed the sale of
 675.0 million of 10 3/4 Senior Notes and
 588.9 million in principal amount at stated maturity of
12 1/4 Senior Discount Notes, both due June 1, 2009.
The Company received proceeds, net of discounts, underwriting
commissions, advisory fees and expenses, totaling approximately
 979.5 million. Interest payments on the 10 3/4 Notes
due 2009 are due semi-annually beginning December 1, 1999.
The 12 1/4 Notes were issued at a discount from their
principal amount to generate aggregate gross proceeds of
 325.0 million. The 12 1/4 Notes accrete at a rate of
12 1/4 compounded semi-annually, to an aggregate principal
amount of approximately 588.9 million by June 1, 2004.
 No cash interest will accrue on the 12 1/4 Notes until
June 1, 2004. Interest will become payable in cash
semi-annually beginning December 1, 2004. The Company has
the option to redeem the 10 3/4 Notes due 2009 and the
12 1/4 Notes, in whole or in part, beginning June 1,
2004 at established redemption prices that decline to 100 of the
 stated principal amount thereof by June 1, 2007.

On November 12, 1998, the Company completed the sale of
 500.0 million of 10 3/4 Senior Notes due
November 15, 2008. The Company received proceeds from the
sale, net of commissions, advisory fees and expenses, totaling
approximately 488.5 million. Interest payments on the notes
 are due semi-annually. The 10 3/4 Notes due 2008 are
redeemable at the option of the Company, in whole or in part,
beginning November 15, 2003 at established redemption
prices, that decline to 100 of the stated principal amount
thereof by November 12, 2006.

 F-12

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

On April 1, 1998, the Company completed the sale of
 637.0 million in principal amount at stated maturity of
9.45 Senior Discount Notes due April 15, 2008. The 9.45 Notes
were issued at a discount from their principal amount to generate
 aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 400.0 million.
The Company received proceeds, net of discounts, commissions,
advisory fees and expenses, totaling approximately
 390.9 million. The 9.45 Notes accrete at a rate of 9.45 
compounded semi-annually, to an aggregate principal amount of
approximately 637.0 million by April 15, 2003. No cash
 interest will accrue on the 9.45 Notes until April 15,
2003. Interest will become payable in cash semi-annually
beginning on October 15, 2003. The 9.45 Notes are
redeemable at the option of the Company, in whole or in part,
beginning April 15, 2003 at established redemption prices,
that decline to 100 of the stated principal amount thereof by
April 1, 2006.

On March 3, 1998, the Company completed the sale of
 335.0 million of 9 Senior Notes due March 15, 2008.
The Company received proceeds from the sale, net of discounts,
commissions, advisory fees and expenses, of approximately
 326.5 million. Interest payments on the 9 Senior Notes are
 due semi-annually. The 9 Senior Notes are redeemable at the
option of the Company, in whole or in part, beginning
March 15, 2003 at established redemption prices that decline
 to 100 of the stated principal amount thereof by March 3,
2006.

On October 1, 1997, the Company completed the sale of
 400.0 million in principal amount of 9 5/8 Senior
Notes due October 1, 2007. The Company received proceeds
from the sale, net of underwriting commissions, advisory fees and
 expenses, totaling approximately 388.5 million. Interest
payments on the 9 5/8 Notes are due semi-annually. The
9 5/8 Notes are redeemable at the option of the Company,
in whole or in part, at any time on or after October 1, 2002
 at established redemption prices, that decline to 100 of the
stated principal amount thereof by October 1, 2005.

On April 25, 1996, the Company completed the sale of
 350.0 million in principal amount of 12 1/2 Senior
Notes due April 15, 2006. The Company received proceeds from
 the sale, net of commissions, advisory fees and expenses
totaling approximately 340.2 million. The Company used
 117.7 million of the proceeds to purchase U.S. government
securities, representing funds sufficient to provide for payment
in full of interest on the 12 1/2 Senior Notes through
April 15, 1999 and 32.2 million to repay advances and
accrued interest from Eagle River. Interest payments on the
12 1/2 Senior Notes are due semi-annually. The 12 1/2 
 Senior Notes are redeemable at the option of the Company, in
whole or in part, at any time on or after April 15, 2001 at
established redemption prices that decline to 100 of the stated
principal amount thereof by April 15, 2004.

The indentures pursuant to which all of the Company s Senior
 Notes and Senior Discount Notes have been issued contain
covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the
Company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness,
issue stock in subsidiaries, pay dividends or make other
distributions, repurchase equity interests or subordinated
indebtedness, engage in sale and leaseback transactions, create
certain liens, enter into certain transactions with affiliates,
sell assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, and enter into
certain mergers and consolidations. In addition, the Company is
required to use the net proceeds from the sale of certain sales
of senior notes and senior discount notes to fund 80 of the
expenditures for the construction, improvement and acquisition of
 new and existing networks and services and direct and indirect
investments in certain joint ventures to fund similar
expenditures. Prior to the application of all such proceeds, the
Company may invest them in marketable securities.

In the event of a change in control of the Company as defined in
the indentures, holders of the Notes will have the right to
require the Company to purchase their Notes, in whole or in part,
 at a price equal to 101 of the stated principal amount thereof,
 plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to the date of
 purchase. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the
Company, and are subordinated to all current and future
indebtedness of the Company s subsidiaries, including trade
payables.

 F-13

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

 9. REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK 

On March 31, 1998, the Company completed the sale of
4,000,000 shares of 6 1/2 cumulative convertible preferred
stock (6 1/2 Preferred Stock) with a liquidation preference
 of 50 per share. The sale generated gross proceeds to the
Company of 200.0 million, and proceeds net of commissions,
advisory fees and expenses of approximately 193.8 million.
Each share of 6 1/2 Preferred Stock is convertible, at the
option of the holder, into 2.29 shares of the Company s
Class A common stock (subject to adjustments in certain
circumstances). The Company may cause such conversion rights to
expire if the closing price of the Class A common stock
exceeds 120 of an implied conversion price (as defined) for
20 days in a 30 consecutive day trading period after
April 15, 2001 and through April 15, 2006. Dividends on
 the 6 1/2 Preferred Stock accrue from March 31, 1998
and are payable in cash quarterly, at an annual rate of
6 1/2 of the liquidation preference thereof. The Company is
 required to redeem all of the 6 1/2 Preferred Stock
outstanding on March 31, 2010 at a redemption price equal to
 100 of the liquidation preference thereof, plus accumulated and
 unpaid dividends to the date of redemption. As of
December 31, 1999, the implied fair value of the
Company s 6 1/2 Preferred Stock is 777.0 million
 based on the market price of the Company s Class A
common stock into which the preferred stock converts. Terms,
including conversion features, vary based on market conditions at
 the time the security is issued. Accordingly, management
believes that this value may not reflect the proceeds the Company
 would obtain if it issued convertible preferred stock today.

On January 31, 1997, the Company completed the sale of
5.7 million units consisting of (i) 14 senior
exchangeable redeemable preferred shares (14 Preferred Shares),
liquidation preference 50 per share, and (ii) contingent
warrants to acquire in the aggregate 5 of each class of
outstanding junior shares (as defined) of the Company on a fully
diluted basis as of February 1, 1998. The sale generated
gross proceeds to the Company of 285.0 million, and
proceeds net of commissions, advisory fees and expenses of
approximately 274.0 million. The contingent warrants expired
unexercised as of the date of the Company s initial public
offering of Class A common stock. Dividends on the 14 
Preferred Shares accrue from January 31, 1997 and are
payable quarterly, at an annual rate of 14 of the liquidation
preference thereof. Dividends may be paid, at the Company s
option, on any dividend payment date occurring on or prior to
February 1, 2002, either in cash or by issuing additional
14 Preferred Shares with an aggregate liquidation preference
equal to the amount of such dividends. The Company is required to
 redeem all of the 14 Preferred Shares outstanding on
February 1, 2009 at a redemption price equal to 100 of the
liquidation preference thereof, plus accumulated and unpaid
dividends to the date of redemption. Management believes that, as
 of December 31, 1999, the carrying value of the 14 
Preferred Shares approximated its fair market value.

Subject to certain conditions, the 14 Preferred Shares are
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, at the option of the
Company, on any dividend payment date, for the 14 senior
subordinated notes (Senior Subordinated Notes) due
February 1, 2009 of the Company. All terms and conditions
(other than interest, ranking and maturity) of the Senior
Subordinated Notes would be substantially the same as those of
the Company s outstanding 12 1/2 Senior Notes.

The terms of the 14 Preferred Stock limit the ability of the
Company to incur additional indebtedness and issue additional
preferred stock. In the event of a change of control, as defined
by the terms of the 14 Preferred Stock, holders of the 14 
Preferred Stock will have the right to require the Company to
purchase their shares, in whole or in part, at a price equal to
101 of the 50 liquidation preference thereof, plus accumulated
and unpaid dividends, if any, thereon at the date of purchase.

 F-14

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

 10. INCOME TAXES 

Components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows
 (in thousands):

December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 

Deferred tax assets: 

Provisions not currently deductible 

3,482 

3,004 

Property, equipment and other long term assets (net) 

86,351 

47,613 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

372,920 

119,292 

Total deferred tax assets 

462,753 

169,909 

Valuation allowance 

(277,690 

(148,953 

Net deferred tax assets 

185,063 

20,956 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property, equipment and other long term assets (net) 

(12,535 

(3,068 

Purchase acquisitions 

(171,050 

(16,445 

Other 

(1,478 

(1,443 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

(185,063 

(20,956 

Net deferred taxes 

The net change in the valuation allowance for the years ended
December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 was an increase of
 128.7 million, 114.9 million and 34.1 million,
respectively.

As of December 31, 1999, the Company had net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately 916.8 million, of which
 119.3 million, 178.9 million and 618.6 million
expire in 2012, 2018 and 2019 respectively.

A reconciliation of the Company s effective income tax rate
and the U.S. federal tax rate is as follows:

1999 
	 
	 1998 

Statutory rate 

35.0 

34.0 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

6.0 

6.0 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

(41.0 

(40.0 

11. SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

In August 1999, the Company effected a two-for-one stock
split of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A and
Class B common stock, in the form of a stock dividend. In
August 1997, the Company effected a 0.441336-for-1 reverse
stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A
and Class B common stock. The accompanying consolidated
financial statements and the related notes herein have been
adjusted retroactively to reflect both the reverse stock split
and the two-for-one stock split.

In June 1999, the Company completed the sale of 15,200,000
shares of Class A common stock at 38.00 per share, 8,464,100 of
which were offered by the Company and 6,735,900 of which were
offered by certain shareholders that previously owned interests
in WNP. Gross proceeds from the offering totaled
 321.6 million, and proceeds to the Company, net of
underwriting discounts, advisory fees and expenses, totaled
approximately 310.5 million.

 F-15

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

In October 1997, the Company completed an initial public
offering (IPO) of 24,000,000 shares of Class A common
stock at a price of 8.50 per share. In addition, the
underwriters of the IPO exercised an option to purchase 4,560,000
 additional shares of Class A common stock at the same price
 per share. Gross proceeds from the IPO totaled approximately
 242.8 million, and proceeds to the Company, net of
underwriting discounts, advisory fees and expenses, totaled
approximately 226.8 million.

Since January 31, 1997, the Company has had two classes of
common stock outstanding, Class A common stock and
Class B common stock. The Company s Class A common
stock and Class B common stock are identical in dividend and
 liquidation rights, and vote together as a single class on all
matters, except as otherwise required by applicable law, with the
 Class A shareholders entitled to cast one vote per share,
and the Class B shareholders entitled to cast 10 votes per
share.

 12. NET LOSS PER SHARE 

Shares used in the computation of net loss per share amounts were
 calculated as follows:

1999 
	 
	 1998 
	 
	 1997 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

125,132,459 

107,708,264 

82,288,550 

Nominal issuances during the 12 month period prior to the
	Company s filing of its IPO, treated as if outstanding for
	all periods presented 

3,823,220 

Shares used in computation of net loss per share 

125,132,459 

107,708,264 

86,111,770 

13. STOCK COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS 

Effective July 1, 1998, the Company adopted the Employee
Stock Purchase Plan, or the Purchase Plan. Under the Purchase
Plan, the Company has authorized the issuance of 6,000,000
Class A common shares, which allows eligible employees of
the Company to purchase common shares of the Company at 85 of
the simple average of the fair value of the common stock on the
first and the last trading day of each month. Employees who own
5 or more of the voting rights of the Company s outstanding
 common shares may not participate in the Purchase Plan.
Employees purchased 124,716 and 111,934 shares of Class A
Common Stock under the Purchase Plan during 1999 and 1998,
respectively.

The Company also maintains the NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
Stock Option Plan (the Plan) to provide a performance incentive
for certain officers, employees and individuals or companies who
provide services to the Company. The Plan provides for the
granting of qualified and non-qualified stock options. The
Company has reserved 41,000,000 shares of Class A common
stock for issuance under the Plan. The options become exercisable
 over vesting periods of up to four years and expire no later
than 10 years after the date of grant.

The exercise price of qualified stock options granted under the
Plan may not be less than the fair market value of the common
shares on the date of grant. The exercise price of non-qualified
stock options granted under the Plan may be greater or less than
the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant,
as determined at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Stock
options granted at prices below fair market value at the date of
grant are considered compensatory, and compensation expense is
deferred and recognized ratably over the option vesting period
based on the excess of the fair market value of the stock at the
date of grant over the exercise price of the option.

The Company recorded approximately 12.9 million,
 4.9 million and 2.3 million of deferred compensation
expense related to the Plan for the years ended December 31,
 1999, 1998, and 1997, respectively. Additionally, 28.0 million
of the Company s 1999 restructuring charge associated with
the relocation of the

 F-16

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

Company s headquarters from Bellevue, Washington to Northern
 Virginia arose due to accelerated vesting of employee options in
 conjunction with severance arrangements for approximately 125
employees.

The Company has adopted the disclosure-only provisions of SFAS
123. Had compensation costs been recognized based on the fair
value at the date of grant for options awarded under the Plan and
 the Equity Option Plan, the pro forma amounts of the
Company s net loss and net loss per share for the years
ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 would have been as
follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):

1999 
	 
	 1998 
	 
	 1997 

Net loss applicable to common shares as reported 

(627,881 

(337,113 

(168,324 

Net loss applicable to common shares pro forma 

(679,046 

(353,466 

(182,571 

Net loss per share as reported 

(5.02 

(3.13 

(1.96 

Net loss per share pro forma 

(5.43 

(3.28 

(2.13 

The fair value of each option grant was estimated using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model assuming no dividend yield and
 the following weighted average assumptions:

1999 
	 
	 1998 
	 
	 1997 

Expected volatility 

70.3 

70.0 

45.0 

Risk free interest rate 

5.32 

5.04 

6.11 

Expected life (range in years) 

4.0 

2.0 4.0 

3.0 5.0 

The weighted average fair value of options granted during 1999,
1998 and 1997 was 24.27, 15.71, and 5.94, respectively.

 F-17

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

Information with respect to the Plan and the Equity Option Plan
is as follows:

Shares Subject 
	 
	 Option Price 
	 
	 Weighted Average 

to Option 
	 
	 Range 
	 
	 Exercise Price 

Options outstanding at December 31, 1996 

4,009,292 

0.01 3.97 

0.23 

Granted 

5,138,312 

3.97 13.25 

4.62 

Canceled 

(410,796 

0.01 10.66 

0.60 

Exercised 

(1,345,756 

0.01 3.97 

0.09 

Options outstanding at December 31, 1997 

7,391,052 

0.01 13.25 

3.23 

Granted 

15,428,860 

3.97 20.25 

13.92 

Canceled 

(1,593,610 

0.01 18.94 

8.11 

Exercised 

(1,593,710 

0.01 16.07 

1.49 

Options outstanding at December 31, 1998 

19,632,592 

0.01 20.25 

11.37 

Granted 

13,260,996 

0.01 91.38 

31.26 

Canceled 

(2,148,568 

0.50 61.38 

16.12 

Exercised 

(3,143,253 

0.01 56.06 

9.40 

Options outstanding at December 31, 1999 

27,601,767 

0.01 91.38 

19.72 

Options Outstanding 

Options Exercisable 

Weighted 

Average 
	 
	 Weighted 

Weighted 

Remaining 
	 
	 Average 

Average 

Range of Exercise 
	 
	 Options 
	 
	 Contractual 
	 
	 Exercise 
	 
	 Options 
	 
	 Exercise 

Prices 
	 
	 Outstanding 
	 
	 Life 
	 
	 Price 
	 
	 Exercisable 
	 
	 Price 

0.01 9.38 

4,915,136 

8.46 

2.72 

1,615,472 

3.58 

10.06 22.50 

15,331,443 

8.59 

7.18 

2,847,561 

8.27 

22.18 51.88 

4,503,858 

9.39 

35.92 

96,249 

38.43 

52.16 91.38 

2,851,330 

9.72 

58.27 

269,375 

79.09 

27,601,767 

At December 31, 1999 there were approximately 7 million
 shares of Class A common stock shares available for future
issuances.

 F-18

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

 14. SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW
INFORMATION 

Supplemental disclosure of the Company s cash flow
information is as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 
	 
	 1997 

Noncash financing and investing activities were as follows: 

Class A common stock issued in acquisitions and under lease
	arrangement 

350,438 

17,924 

Redeemable preferred stock dividends, paid in redeemable
	preferred shares 

53,504 

46,632 

31,102 

Accrued redeemable preferred stock dividends, payable in
	redeemable preferred shares, and accretion of preferred stock
	redemption obligation 

2,680 

2,391 

8,218 

Issuance of notes payable and assumption of liabilities in
	acquisitions 

21,280 

Issuance of Class B common stock for purchase of minority
	interest 

269 

5,727 

Other long term obligations assumed 

10,139 

4,725 

15. LEASES 

The Company is leasing premises under various operating leases
which, in addition to rental payments, require payments for
insurance, maintenance, property taxes and other executory costs
related to the leases. The lease agreements have various
expiration dates and renewal options through 2028.

Future minimum lease commitments required under operating leases
that have an initial or remaining noncancelable lease term in
excess of one year at December 31, 1999 were as follows (in
thousands):

Year Ending December 31, 

2000 

28,482 

2001 

28,386 

2002 

28,195 

2003 

26,202 

2004 

23,236 

Thereafter 

177,683 

Total minimum lease commitments 

312,184 

Rent expense totaled approximately 28.0 million,
 13.3 million and 6.4 million in 1999, 1998 and 1997,
respectively.

 16. OPERATING SEGMENTS 

 Reportable Segments 

The Company has two reportable segments as defined by SFAS
No. 131, Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise
and Related Information : a switched telecommunication
services segment and an Interactive Voice Response, or IVR
service segment. The switched telecommunications services segment
 is the Company s largest segment and includes operations
relating to the Company s bundled local and long distance
switched services, dedicated services, and long distance
services. These services have similar network operations and
technology requirements and are sold through identical sales
channels to a targeted customer

 F-19

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

base. Therefore, the Company manages these services as a single
segment that is divided into geographic profit centers, or
markets, within the United States. The Company s IVR
services manages an IVR platform that allows a consumer to dial
into a computer-based system using a toll-free number and a
touch-tone phone and, by following a customized menu, access a
variety of information. Simultaneously, a profile of the caller
is left behind for either the Company s or its
customers use. The Company manages its IVR operations as a
separate segment due to differences in technology requirements,
sales and marketing strategy, and targeted customer base.

The accounting policies followed by these segments are consistent
 with those described in Note 2. There are no significant
inter-segment transactions. The Company does not allocate
overhead expenses generated by its headquarters to individual
segments.

The Company s IVR segment contributed the following
percentages to the Company s total:

Year Ended December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 
	 
	 1997 

Revenue 

8.1 

15.4 

27.3 

Net loss (excluding corporate overhead) 

0.4 

0.7 

3.6 

Total assets 

0.5 

0.8 

1.8 

Products and Services 

The Company groups its products and services offered by its
switched telecommunications services segment into core services,
(comprised of bundled local and long distance as well as
dedicated services) shared tenant services, long distance
telephone services and enhanced services. Revenues from the IVR
services segment services are included in the enhanced services
product group. The revenues generated by the Company s
products and services were as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31 , 

1999 
	 
	 1998 
	 
	 1997 

Core services 

217,052 

76,654 

20,342 

Shared tenant services 

13,805 

12,781 

2,018 

Long distance telephone services 

21,233 

26,937 

16,478 

Enhanced services 

22,234 

23,295 

18,741 

Total revenue 

274,324 

139,667 

57,579 

F-20

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

 17. SELECTED QUARTERLY DATA (Unaudited) 

Summarized quarterly financial information for the year was as
follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):

1999 

First 
	 
	 Second 
	 
	 Third 
	 
	 Fourth 

Quarter 
	 
	 Quarter 
	 
	 Quarter 
	 
	 Quarter 

Revenue 

48,586 

60,657 

75,059 

90,022 

Loss from operations 

(71,359 

(80,224 

(86,582 

(128,365 

Net loss 

(102,286 

(122,765 

(141,573 

(192,068 

Net loss applicable to common shares 

(118,886 

(139,819 

(159,098 

(210,078 

Net loss per share 

(1.09 

(1.12 

(1.27 

(1.57 

1998 

First 
	 
	 Second 
	 
	 Third 
	 
	 Fourth 

Quarter 
	 
	 Quarter 
	 
	 Quarter 
	 
	 Quarter 

Revenue 

26,545 

32,030 

37,817 

43,275 

Loss from operations 

(40,769 

(45,057 

(53,074 

(67,284 

Net loss 

(52,312 

(60,573 

(68,949 

(96,506 

Net loss applicable to common shares 

(63,863 

(75,901 

(84,683 

(112,666 

Net loss per share 

(0.60 

(0.71 

(0.79 

(1.04 

Since there are changes in the weighted average number of shares
outstanding each quarter, the sum of net loss per share by
quarter may not equal the total net loss per share for the
applicable year.

 18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

In June 1999, the Company acquired the assets of NEXTLINK,
Inc., a company owned by Craig O. McCaw, the Company s
largest and controlling shareholder, through a merger
transaction. NEXTLINK, Inc., owned approximately 1 minority
interests in 10 of the Company s subsidiaries. The Company
issued 537,806 shares of Class B common stock in exchange
for the minority interests. As part of this transaction,
Mr. McCaw also received 532,932 shares of the Company s
 Class B common stock, the number of shares of Class B
common stock previously owned by NEXTLINK, Inc. The transaction
was accounted for as a purchase of minority interests between
entities under common control and, as such, the minority
interests were recorded at NEXTLINK, Inc. s historical cost.

 19. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

 Senior Secured Credit Facility 

In February 2000, the Company entered into a
 1.0 billion secured credit facility. The facility is
comprised of a 387.5 million senior secured multi-draw term
 loan A, a 225.0 million senior secured term loan B, and a
 387.5 million revolving credit facility. At closing, the
Company borrowed 150.0 million and 225.0 million of
the term loan A and term loan B, respectively.

The security for the Senior Secured Credit Facility consists of
all of the assets purchased with the proceeds of the Senior
Secured Credit Facility, the stock of certain of the
Company s direct subsidiaries, all assets of the Company and
 up to 125.0 million of guaranteed debt, all assets of
certain of the Company s subsidiaries.

Amounts drawn under the Senior Secured Credit Facility will bear
interest, at the option of the Company, at an alternate base rate
 or reserve-adjusted LIBOR plus, in each case, applicable
margins.

 F-21

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

Initially, the applicable margins for the term loan A and the
revolving credit facility are 175 basis points over the alternate
 base rate and 275 basis points over LIBOR. After June 30,
2003, the applicable margins for the term loan A and the
revolving credit facility range from 62 1/2 to 150 basis
points over the alternate base rate and from 162 1/2 to 250
basis points over LIBOR, based on the ratio of the Company s
 consolidated total debt to annualized consolidated EBITDA. The
applicable margin for the term loan B is fixed at 250 basis
points over the alternate base rate and 350 basis points over
LIBOR. Specific rates are determined by actual borrowings under
each facility. Interest on the term loans A and the revolving
credit facility is payable on the earlier of the last day of each
 interest period, or each successive date three months after the
first day of such interest period.

The term loan A and the revolving credit facility mature on
December 31, 2006, and the term loan B matures on
June 30, 2007. In each case, the maturity dates are subject
to acceleration to October 31, 2005 if the Company has not
refinanced its 12 1/2 Senior Notes due 2006 by
April 15, 2005. The term loans A and B and the revolving
credit facility provide for automatic and permanent quarterly
reductions of the amount available for borrowing under those
facilities, beginning on March 31, 2004. The term loan B
contains nominal amortization provisions beginning March 31,
 2004 until maturity.

The Senior Secured Credit Facility contains certain covenants,
which, among other things, limit additional indebtedness, certain
 investments and other transactions, and dividend payments.

 Preferred Stock 

In December 1999, several Forstmann Little & Co.
investment funds agreed to invest 850.0 million in
NEXTLINK, to be used to expand its networks and services,
introduce new technologies and fund its business plan. The
investment closed in January 2000. In the transaction, the
investors acquired shares of two series of convertible preferred
stock that together are convertible into the Company s
Class A common stock at a conversion price of 63.25 per
share and provide for a 3.75 dividend payable quarterly. The
holders may convert the preferred stock into Class A common
stock at any time after January 20, 2001, and the Company
may redeem the preferred stock at any time after later of
January 20, 2005 and the date when the Company has redeemed
its 12 1/2 Notes in full. Holders of the preferred stock
will also have the option of requiring redemption of the
preferred stock during the 180-day period commencing January 20,
2010.

 Concentric Acquisition 

In January 2000, the Company agreed to acquire Concentric
Network Corporation, a provider of high-speed digital subscriber
lines (DSL), web hosting, e-commerce and other Internet services.
 In this transaction, both the Company and Concentric will merge
into a newly-formed company, to be renamed NEXTLINK
Communications, Inc., which will succeed to both companies assets
 and businesses and will assume all their outstanding debt
obligations and other liabilities. In the transaction, each
outstanding share of the Company s Class A common stock and
Class B common stock would be converted into one share of
Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as
applicable, of the corporation surviving this merger, which stock
 will be substantially identical to the Company s
Class A and Class B common stock. In addition, each
share of Concentric common stock would be converted into 0.495 of
 a share of Class A common stock of the surviving
corporation, unless the trading price of the Company s
common stock at the effective time is less than or equal to
 90.91, in which case each outstanding share would be converted
into 45.00 in Class A common stock of the surviving
corporation (based on the trading price of our Class A
common stock prior to the effective time). If the Company s
average stock price is less than 69.23, each outstanding share
of Concentric common stock would convert into 0.650 of a share of
 the Class A common stock of the surviving corporation.

This transaction is intended to be tax-free to the Company s
 and Concentric s shareholders and has been unanimously
approved by both the Company s and Concentric s boards
of directors, but remains subject to

 F-22

Table of Contents 

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued) 

approval by Concentric s stockholders. Eagle River, the
holder of the majority of the Company s voting power, has
agreed to approve the transaction. The parties have obtained the
consent of Concentric s bond and preferred stock holders to
certain amendments to those securities that are necessary to
complete this transaction. The transaction is subject to
customary closing conditions and is expected to close during the
second quarter of 2000. The merger will be accounted under the
purchase method of accounting.

 INTERNEXT Acquisition 

In January 2000, the Company agreed to acquire Eagle River s
 50 interest in INTERNEXT, L.L.C. in exchange for approximately
3.4 million shares of Class A common stock of the
corporation surviving the reorganization. The acquisition, which
is expected to close in the second quarter of 2000, will give the
 Company exclusive rights to dark fiber and empty
conduits in the 16,000 mile, 50 city national broadband network
that Level 3 is currently constructing. As this is a
reorganization of entities under common control, Eagle
River s 50 interest in INTERNEXT will be recorded by the
Company at Eagle River s historical cost. Although this
acquisition part of the reorganization in connection with the
Concentric acquisition, closing is not conditioned on the closing
 of the Concentric acquisition.

 2000 Stock Split 

In February 2000, the Company announced a two-for-one stock
split, to be effected in the form of a stock dividend, effective
for stockholders of record on June 1, 2000, and payable on
June 15, 2000. The split is subject to stockholder approval
of a proposed increase in the number of shares of the
Company s common stock authorized for issuance. This
proposal will be considered and voted on at the Company s
May 24, 2000 annual meeting of stockholders.

 F-23

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 

To NEXTLINK Capital, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of NEXTLINK
Capital, Inc. (a Washington Corporation) as of December 31,
1999 and 1998. These balance sheets are the responsibility of the
 Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these balance sheets based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards
generally accepted in the United States. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
 about whether the balance sheets are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the balance
sheets. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the balance sheets referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States.

/s/ ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP 

Seattle, Washington

February 14, 2000

F-24

Table of Contents 

 NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. 

Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

1999 
	 
	 1998 

Assets 

Cash in bank 

100 

100 

Shareholder s Equity 

Common stock, no par value, 1,000 shares authorized, issued and
	outstanding 

100 

100 

F-25

Table of Contents 

 NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. 

 Note to Balance Sheets 

December 31, 1999 and 1998 

1. Description 

NEXTLINK Capital, Inc. (NEXTLINK Capital) is a Washington
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of NEXTLINK
Communications, Inc. (NEXTLINK). NEXTLINK Capital was formed for
the sole purpose of obtaining financing from external sources and
 is a joint obligor on the 12 1/2 Senior Notes due
April 15, 2006 of NEXTLINK. NEXTLINK Capital was initially
funded with a 100 contribution from NEXTLINK and has had no
operations to date. NEXTLINK Capital s sole source and
repayment for the 12 1/2 Senior Notes will be from the
operations of NEXTLINK. Therefore, these balance sheets should be
 read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
of NEXTLINK.

 F-26

<EX-3.1.5>
 2
 CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION RE: SERIES C STOCK

1

NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

 CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF THE POWERS, PREFERENCES AND
 RELATIVE, PARTICIPATING, OPTIONAL AND OTHER SPECIAL RIGHTS OF
 SERIES C CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK
 AND QUALIFICATIONS, LIMITATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS THEREOF

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Pursuant to Section 151 of the
 General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. (the "Corporation"), a corporation
organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, does hereby certify that, pursuant to authority conferred upon the
board of directors of the Corporation (the "Board of Directors") by the
Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the "Certificate of
Incorporation"), and pursuant to the provisions of Section 151 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, said Board of Directors is authorized
to issue Preferred Stock of the Corporation in one or more series and the
Special Committee of the Board of Directors, as authorized by the Board of
Directors, has duly approved and adopted the following resolution on December 7,
1999 (the "Resolution"):

 RESOLVED that, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of
 Directors by its Certificate of Incorporation, the Special Committee, as
 authorized by the Board of Directors, hereby creates, authorizes and
 provides for the issuance of a series of the preferred stock of the
 Corporation, par value .01 per share (such preferred stock designated as
 the "Series C Cumulative Convertible Participating Preferred Stock"),
 consisting of 584,375 shares and having the powers, designation,
 preferences, relative, participating, optional and other special rights
 and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof that are set
 forth in the Certificate of Incorporation and in this Resolution as
 follows:

 1. Number and Designation. 584,375 shares of the Preferred Stock of
the Corporation shall constitute a series designated as "Series C Cumulative
Convertible Participating Preferred Stock" (the "Series C Preferred Stock").

 2. Definitions. Unless the context otherwise requires, when used
herein the following terms shall have the meaning indicated.

 "Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

 "Business Day" means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which
shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in New York
City, New York generally are authorized or required by law or other governmental
actions to close.

 "Capital Stock" means, with respect to any person, any and all shares,
interests, participations, rights in, or other equivalents (however designated
and whether voting and/or non-voting) of such person's capital stock, whether
outstanding on the Issue Date or issued

2

after the Issue Date, and any and all rights (other than any evidence of
indebtedness), warrants or options exchangeable for or convertible into such
capital stock.

 "Change of Control" will be deemed to have occurred at such time as any
of the following occur: (i) any person or any persons acting together that would
constitute a "group" for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, or any
successor provision thereto (other than Eagle River, Craig O. McCaw, Wendy P.
McCaw and their respective affiliates or an underwriter engaged in a firm
commitment underwriting on behalf of the Corporation), shall beneficially own
(within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, or any successor
provision thereto) more than 50 of the aggregate voting power of all classes of
Voting Stock of the Corporation, (ii) neither Mr. Craig O. McCaw nor any person
designated by him to the Corporation as acting on his behalf shall be a director
of the Corporation, or (iii) from and after the date on which the Corporation
has redeemed indefeasibly or defeased in full its obligations in respect of its
12-1/2 Senior Notes due April 15, 2006 or defeased the covenants applicable
thereto in accordance with their terms, during any period of two consecutive
years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of
Directors (together with any new directors whose election by the Board of
Directors or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of the
Corporation was proposed by a vote of a majority of the directors of the
Corporation then still in office who were either directors at the beginning of
such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so
approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of
Directors then in office.

 "Class A Common Stock" means any shares of the Corporation's Class A
Common Stock, par value .02 per share, now or hereafter authorized to be
issued, and any and all securities of any kind whatsoever of the Corporation
which may be exchanged for or converted into Class A Common Stock, any and all
securities of any kind whatsoever of the Corporation which may be issued on or
after the date hereof in respect of, in exchange for, or upon conversion of
shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to a merger, consolidation, stock split,
stock dividend, recapitalization of the Corporation or otherwise.

 "Common Stock" means the Corporation's Class A Common Stock, the
Corporation's Class B Common Stock, par value .02 per share, and any other
common stock of the Corporation.

 "Current Market Price" means the average of the daily Market Prices of
the Common Stock for ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date
for which such value is to be computed.

 "Eagle River" means Eagle River Investments, L.L.C., a limited liability
company formed under the laws of the State of Washington.

 "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
any successor statute, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

- 2 -
 3

 "Issue Date" means the original date of issuance of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock.

 "Liquidation Preference" with respect to a share of Series C Preferred
Stock means, as at any date, the sum of (i) 1,000.00 plus (ii) any Special
Amount with respect to such share plus (iii) an amount equal to any accrued and
unpaid Preferred Dividends (as defined in paragraph 4(a) below) with respect to
such share from the last Dividend Payment Date through such date.

 "Market Price" means, with respect to the Common Stock, on any given day,
(i) the price of the last trade, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market, not
identified as having been reported late to such system, or (ii) if the Common
Stock is so traded, but not so quoted, the average of the last bid and ask
prices, as those prices are reported on the Nasdaq National Market, or (iii) if
the Common Stock is not listed or authorized for trading on the Nasdaq National
Market or any comparable system, the average of the closing bid and asked prices
as furnished by two members of the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc. selected from time to time by the Corporation for that purpose. If the
Common Stock is not listed and traded in a manner that the quotations referred
to above are available for the period required hereunder, the Market Price per
share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the fair value per share of such
security as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation.

 "Net Realizable FMV" means, with respect to a share of Common Stock, if
calculable, the amount of gross proceeds net of underwriters' discounts,
commissions or other selling expenses received by or to be received by the
holder in connection with the sale of such share of Common Stock on a when
issued basis or immediately after the conversion or, in all other cases, an
amount equal to 97 of the Current Market Price of the Common Stock.

 "Preference Amount" with respect to a share of Series C Preferred Stock
means, as at any date, the sum of (i) 727.273 plus (ii) any Special Amount,
whether or not declared, with respect to such share plus (iii) an amount equal
to any accrued and unpaid Preferred Dividends with respect to such share from
the last Dividend Payment Date through such date.

 "Series D Designation" means the Certificate of Designation for the
Series D Preferred Stock.

 "Series D Preferred Stock" means the Series D Convertible Participating
Preferred Stock, par value .01 per share, of the Corporation.

 "Special Amount" with respect to a share of Series C Preferred Stock
shall mean all dividends and other amounts which have become payable in respect
of such share under paragraph 4(a) but which have not been paid. The Special
Amount with respect to any such share shall be reduced by the amount of any such
dividends and other amounts actually paid in respect of such share under
paragraph 4(c).

- 3 -
 4

 "Voting Stock" means, with respect to any person, the Capital Stock of
any class or kind ordinarily having the power to vote for the election of
directors or other members of the governing body of such person.

 3. Rank. (a) The Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred
Stock each will, with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation,
winding-up and dissolution, rank (i) senior to the Corporation's 6-1/2 
Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value .01 per share, all classes of
Common Stock and to each other class of Capital Stock of the Corporation or
series of Preferred Stock of the Corporation established hereafter by the Board
of Directors of the Corporation the terms of which do not expressly provide that
such class or series ranks senior to, or on a parity with, the Series C
Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and rights on
liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of the Corporation (collectively
referred to, together with all classes of Common Stock of the Corporation, as
"Junior Securities"); (ii) on a parity with each class of Capital Stock of the
Corporation or series of Preferred Stock of the Corporation established
hereafter by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, the terms of which
expressly provide that such class or series will rank on a parity with the
Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and
rights on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution (collectively referred to as
"Parity Securities"); and (iii) junior to the Corporation's 14 Senior
Exchangeable Redeemable Preferred Shares, par value .01 per share (the "Senior
Exchangeable Redeemable Preferred Shares"), and to each class of Capital Stock
of the Corporation or series of Preferred Stock of the Corporation established
hereafter by the Board of Directors of the Corporation in accordance with
Section 9(d) hereof, the terms of which expressly provide that such class or
series will rank senior to the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred
Stock as to dividend rights and rights on liquidation, winding-up and
dissolution of the Corporation (collectively referred to as "Senior
Securities"); provided that the relative powers, rights and preferences of the
Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock vis-a-vis the other shall
be as set forth herein and in the Series D Designation.

 (b) The respective definitions of Junior Securities, Parity Securities
and Senior Securities shall also include any warrants, rights or options or
other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into any of the
Junior Securities, Parity Securities and Senior Securities, as the case may be.

 (c) The Series C Preferred Stock shall be subject to the creation of
Junior Securities and Parity Securities and, to the extent permitted by Section
9(d), Senior Securities.

 4. Dividends. (a) The holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive with respect to each share of Series C Preferred
Stock, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally
available for the payment of dividends, dividends per annum equal to 54.5455
per share in cash (the "Preferred Dividend"). Preferred Dividends shall accrue
and shall be cumulative whether or not declared from the Issue Date and shall be
payable quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31
of each year (unless such day is not a Business Day, in which event such
dividends shall be payable on the next succeeding Business Day) (each such date

- 4 -
 5

being a "Dividend Payment Date" and each such quarterly period being a "Dividend
Period"), commencing on March 31, 2000. Each such dividend shall be payable to
the holders of record of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock as they appear
on the stock register of the Corporation at the close of business on the
corresponding Record Date. As used herein, the term "Record Date" means, with
respect to the dividend payable on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December
31, respectively, of each year, the preceding March 15, June 15, September 15
and December 15, or such other date, not more than 60 days or less than 10 days
preceding the payment dates thereof, as shall be fixed as the record date by the
Board of Directors.

 (b) The amount of Preferred Dividends payable for each full Dividend
Period for each outstanding share of Series C Preferred Stock shall be computed
by dividing 54.5455 by four. The amount of Preferred Dividends payable on the
initial Dividend Payment Date, or in respect of any period shorter or longer
than a full Dividend Period, on the Series C Preferred Stock shall be computed
on the basis of twelve 30-day months and a 360-day year. No interest, or sum or
money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment
or payments on the Series C Preferred Stock that may be in arrears.

 (c) Accrued and unpaid Special Amounts for any past Dividend Periods
may be declared and paid on any subsequent Dividend Payment Date, to holders of
record on the corresponding Record Date.

 (d) So long as any shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are
outstanding, no dividend, except as described in the last sentence of Section
4(e) below and except as described in the next succeeding sentence, shall be
declared or paid or set apart for payment on any Parity Securities, nor shall
any Parity Securities be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any
consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for
the redemption of any shares of any such stock) by the Corporation, directly or
indirectly (except by conversion into or exchange for Parity Securities or
Junior Securities), unless in each case all Special Amounts have been or
contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the
payment thereof is set apart for such payment on the Series C Preferred Stock
for all Dividend Periods terminating on or prior to the date of payment of the
dividend on, or the date of redemption, purchase, or acquisition for
consideration of, such Parity Securities. When Special Amounts are not paid in
full or a sum sufficient for such payment is not set apart, as aforesaid, all
Special Amounts and additional amounts declared upon shares of the Series C
Preferred Stock and all dividends and additional amounts declared upon any other
Parity Securities shall be declared ratably in proportion to the respective
amounts of Special Amounts and additional amounts accumulated and unpaid on the
Series C Preferred Stock and dividends and additional amounts accumulated and
unpaid on such Parity Securities.

 (e) So long as any shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are
outstanding, no dividends shall be declared or paid or set apart for payment and
no other distribution shall be declared or made upon Junior Securities, nor
shall any Junior Securities be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired (any
such dividend, distribution, redemption, purchase or acquisition being
hereinafter referred to as a "Junior Securities Distribution") for any

- 5 -
 6

consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for
the redemption of any shares of any such stock) by the Corporation, directly or
indirectly (except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Securities), unless
in each case (i) all Special Amounts and additional amounts on all outstanding
shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and accrued and unpaid dividends and
additional amounts on any other Parity Securities shall have been paid or set
apart for payment for all past Dividend Periods with respect to the Series C
Preferred Stock and all past dividend periods with respect to such Parity
Securities and (ii) sufficient funds shall have been paid or set apart for the
payment of the dividend for the current Dividend Period with respect to the
Series C Preferred Stock and the current dividend period with respect to such
Parity Securities. Notwithstanding anything in this Certificate of Designation
to the contrary, the Corporation may declare and pay dividends on Parity Stock
which are payable solely in additional shares of, or by the increase in the
liquidation value of, Parity Stock or on Junior Stock which are payable in
additional shares of, or by the increase in the liquidation value of, Junior
Stock, as applicable, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Junior Stock in
exchange for Junior Stock, and Parity Stock in exchange for Parity Stock or
Junior Stock.

 (f) So long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding,
if the Corporation pays a dividend in cash, securities or other property on the
Common Stock then at the same time the Corporation shall declare and pay a
dividend on each share of Series C Preferred Stock in an amount equal to the
Series C Per Share Participation Amount. The "Series C Per Share Participation
Amount" means, as at any date, 37.5 of the amount of dividends that would be
paid with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock
taken together if converted into Common Stock on the date established as the
record date with respect to such dividend on the Common Stock divided by the
number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding.

 5. Liquidation Preference. (a) In the event of any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary,
after payment or distribution of the assets of the Corporation (whether capital
or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of Senior Securities,
and before any payment or distribution of the assets of the Corporation (whether
capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of Junior
Securities, the holders of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Series D
Preferred Stock taken together shall be entitled to receive an amount in cash
equal to the greater of (x) the aggregate Liquidation Preferences (as set forth
herein and in the Series D Designation) of the shares of Series C Preferred
Stock and Series D Preferred Stock as of the date of liquidation, or (y) the
aggregate amount that would have been received with respect to the shares of
Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock if such stock had been
converted to Common Stock immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution or
winding-up. If, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the
Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof, shall be
insufficient to pay in full the aforesaid amounts under clause (x) of the
preceding sentence and liquidating payments on all Parity Securities, then such
assets, or proceeds thereof, shall (i) be distributed among the shares of Series
C Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock taken together and all such
other Parity Securities ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that
would be payable on such

- 6 -
 7

shares of Preferred Stock and any such other Parity Securities if all amounts
payable thereon were paid in full and (ii) the amount distributable under clause
(i) to the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock taken together,
shall first be distributed to the Series C Preferred Stock until it has received
an amount equal to the aggregate Preference Amounts of all Series C Preferred
Stock outstanding as of the date of liquidation and thereafter 37.5 to the
Series C Preferred Stock and 62.5 to the Series D Preferred Stock. If, upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, the assets of the
Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable to the Series C Preferred Stock
and Series D Preferred Stock taken together shall be sufficient to pay in full
the aforesaid amounts under clause (x) of the first sentence of this subsection
5(a) then such amount shall first be distributed to the Series C Preferred Stock
until it has received an amount equal to the aggregate Preference Amounts of all
Series C Preferred Stock outstanding as of the date of liquidation and
thereafter 37.5 to the Series C Preferred Stock and 62.5 to the Series D
Preferred Stock. Any amounts distributed with respect to the Series C Preferred
Stock pursuant to this paragraph 5(a) shall be allocated pro rata among the
shares of Series C Preferred Stock. For the purposes of this paragraph 5,
neither the sale, conveyance, exchange or transfer (for cash, shares of stock,
securities or other consideration) of all or substantially all of the property
or assets of the Corporation nor the consolidation or merger of the Corporation
with or into one or more other entities shall be deemed to be a liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation.

 (b) Subject to the rights of the holders of any Parity Securities,
after payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series C
Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock taken together, as provided in
this paragraph 5, any other series or class or classes of Junior Securities
shall, subject to the respective terms and provisions (if any) applying thereto,
be entitled to receive any and all assets remaining to be paid or distributed,
and the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock and
any Parity Securities shall not be entitled to share therein.

 6. Redemption. (a) The Series C Preferred Stock shall not be
redeemable by the Corporation prior to the later of (i) the fifth anniversary of
the Issue Date and (ii) the date on which the Corporation has redeemed
indefeasibly or defeased in full its obligations in respect of its 12-1/2 
Senior Notes due April 15, 2006 or defeased the covenants applicable thereto in
accordance with their terms (the "Redemption Trigger Date"). On and after the
Redemption Trigger Date, to the extent the Corporation shall have funds legally
available for such payment, and subject to the rights of the holders pursuant to
Section 8 hereof, the Corporation may redeem at its option shares of Series C
Preferred Stock, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, at a
redemption price per share equal to the Liquidation Preference as of the date
fixed for redemption, without interest; provided that the Corporation shall only
be entitled to redeem shares of the Series C Preferred Stock if shares of the
Series D Preferred Stock are also redeemed on a proportional basis based on the
percentage of each series of shares outstanding at such time.

 (b) To the extent the Corporation shall have funds legally available
therefor, during the 180-day period commencing on the tenth anniversary of the
Issue Date, the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall have the right to
cause the Corporation to redeem at any

- 7 -
 8

time in whole or from time to time in part outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred Stock, if any, at a redemption price per share in cash equal to the
Liquidation Preference, without interest; provided that upon any such election
the Corporation shall be required to redeem a proportional amount of the Series
D Preferred Stock.

 (c) Shares of Series C Preferred Stock which have been issued and
reacquired by the Corporation in any manner, including shares purchased or
redeemed, shall (upon compliance with any applicable provisions of the laws of
the State of Delaware) be retired and have the status of authorized and unissued
shares of the class of Preferred Stock undesignated as to series and may be
redesignated and reissued as part of any series of the Preferred Stock; provided
that no such issued and reacquired shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be
reissued or sold as Series C Preferred Stock.

 (d) If the Corporation is unable or shall fail to discharge its
obligation to redeem outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to
paragraph 6(b) (the "Mandatory Redemption Obligation"), the Mandatory Redemption
Obligation shall be discharged as soon as the Corporation is able to discharge
such Mandatory Redemption Obligation. If and so long as any Mandatory Redemption
Obligation with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock shall not be fully
discharged, the Corporation shall not (i) directly or indirectly, redeem,
purchase, or otherwise acquire any Parity Security or discharge any mandatory or
optional redemption, sinking fund or other similar obligation in respect of any
Parity Securities or (ii) declare or make any Junior Securities Distribution,
or, directly or indirectly, discharge any mandatory or optional redemption,
sinking fund or other similar obligation in respect of any Junior Securities.

 7. Procedure for Redemption. (a) In the event that fewer than all the
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, in the case
of Section 6(a), the number of shares to be redeemed shall be determined by the
Board of Directors and the shares to be redeemed shall be selected pro rata
(with any fractional shares being rounded to the nearest whole shares).
Notwithstanding anything in Section 6 to the contrary, the Corporation shall
only redeem shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6(a) or 6(b)
on a proportional basis based on the percentage of each series of shares
outstanding at such time.

 (b) In the event the Corporation shall redeem shares of Series C
Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6(a), notice of such redemption shall be
given by first class mail, postage prepaid, mailed not less than 30 days nor
more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, to each holder of record of the
shares to be redeemed at such holder's address as the same appears on the stock
register of the Corporation; provided that neither the failure to give such
notice nor any defect therein shall affect the validity of the giving of notice
for the redemption of any share of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed
except as to the holder to whom the Corporation has failed to give said notice
or except as to the holder whose notice was defective. Each such notice shall
state: (i) the redemption date; (ii) the number of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares held by such holder are
to be redeemed, the number of shares to be redeemed from such holder; (iii) the

- 8 -
 9

redemption price; (iv) the place or places where certificates for such shares
are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price; and (v) that
dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such redemption
date.

 (c) Notice having been mailed as aforesaid, if applicable, from and
after the redemption date, dividends on the shares of Series C Preferred Stock
so called for redemption shall cease to accrue, and all rights of the holders
thereof as stockholders of the Corporation (except the right to receive from the
Corporation the redemption price and except the right to convert shares so
called for redemption prior to the close of business on the date immediately
preceding the date fixed for such redemption) shall cease. Upon surrender in
accordance with said notice, if applicable, of the certificates for any shares
so redeemed (properly endorsed or assigned for transfer, if the Board of
Directors shall so require and the notice shall so state), such shares shall be
redeemed by the Corporation at the redemption price aforesaid. In case fewer
than all the shares represented by any such certificate are redeemed, a new
certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares without cost to
the holder thereof.

 8. Conversion. (a) (i) Subject to the provisions of this Section 8,
the holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall have the right, at any
time in whole and from time to time in part, at such holders' option, to convert
any or all outstanding shares (and fractional shares) of Series C Preferred
Stock held by such holders into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A
Common Stock; provided that upon the exercise by any holder of Series C
Preferred Stock of this conversion option, a proportional amount, based on the
percentage of each series of shares outstanding, of the Series D Preferred Stock
shall automatically convert in accordance with the terms of the Series D
Designation. At any time and from time to time the outstanding shares of Series
C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock taken together shall be
convertible into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock (the "Aggregate
Conversion Shares") equal to the aggregate Liquidation Preferences of the shares
of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock as set forth
herein and in the Series D Designation as of the date of conversion divided by
 63.25, subject to adjustment from time to time pursuant to paragraph 8(g)
hereof (the "Conversion Price"). The Series C Preferred Stock outstanding as at
any date shall be convertible into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock
(the "Aggregate Series C Conversion Shares") equal to the sum of (A) the
aggregate Preference Amounts with respect to all outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred Stock divided by the Net Realizable FMV of a share of Class A Common
Stock at the time of conversion plus (B) .375 times the excess, if any, of the
Aggregate Conversion Shares over the number determined pursuant to clause (A).
Each share of Series C Preferred Stock being converted shall convert into a
number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the Aggregate Series C
Conversion Shares divided by the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock
then outstanding. Notwithstanding any call for redemption pursuant to Section
6(a), the right to convert shares so called for redemption shall terminate at
the close of business on the date immediately preceding the date fixed for such
redemption unless the Corporation shall default in making payment of the amount
payable upon such redemption.

- 9 -
 10

 (ii) In the case of any partial conversion of Series C Preferred
Stock by the holders thereof, selection of the Series D Preferred Stock for
automatic conversion will be made by the Corporation in compliance with the
requirements of the principal national securities exchange, if any, on which the
Series D Preferred Stock is listed, or if the Series D Preferred Stock is not
listed on a national securities exchange, on a pro rata basis, by lot or such
other method as the Corporation, in its sole discretion, shall deem fair and
appropriate; provided, however, that the Corporation may redeem all the shares
held by holders of fewer than 5 shares of Series D Preferred Stock (or all of
the shares held by the holders who would hold less than 5 shares of Series D
Preferred Stock as a result of such redemption) as may be determined by the
Corporation.

 (b) (i) In order to exercise the conversion privilege, the holder
of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted shall surrender the
certificate representing such shares at the principal executive offices of the
Corporation, with a written notice of election to convert completed and signed,
specifying the number of shares to be converted. Unless the shares issuable on
conversion are to be issued in the same name as the name in which such shares of
Series C Preferred Stock are registered, each share surrendered for conversion
shall be accompanied by instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the
Corporation, duly executed by the holder or the holder's duly authorized
attorney, and an amount sufficient to pay any transfer or similar tax.

 (ii) As promptly as practicable after the surrender by the
holder of the certificates for shares of Series C Preferred Stock as aforesaid,
the Corporation shall issue and shall deliver to such holder, or on the holder's
written order to the holder's transferee, (x) a certificate or certificates for
the whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the conversion
of such shares in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph 8, (y) any
cash adjustment required pursuant to Section 8(f), and (z) in the event of a
conversion in part, a certificate or certificates for the whole number of shares
of Series C Preferred Stock not being so converted.

 (iii) Each conversion of shares of Series C Preferred Stock
pursuant to paragraph 8(a) shall be deemed to have been effected immediately
prior to the close of business on the date on which the certificates for shares
of Series C Preferred Stock shall have been surrendered and such notice received
by the Corporation as aforesaid, and the person in whose name or names any
certificate or certificates for shares of Class A Common Stock shall be issuable
upon such conversion shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of the
shares of Class A Common Stock represented thereby at such time on such date and
such conversion shall be into a number of whole shares of Class A Common Stock
in respect of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock being converted as
determined in accordance with this Section 8 at such time on such date. All
shares of Class A Common Stock delivered upon conversion of the Series C
Preferred Stock will upon delivery be duly and validly issued and fully paid and
non-assessable, free of all liens and charges and not subject to any preemptive
rights. Upon the surrender of certificates representing the shares of Series C
Preferred Stock to be converted, the shares to be so converted shall no longer
be deemed to be outstanding and all rights of a holder with respect to such
shares surrendered for conversion shall immediately

- 10 -
 11

terminate except the right to receive the Class A Common Stock and other amounts
payable pursuant to this paragraph 8 and a certificate or certificates
representing the shares of Series C Preferred Stock not converted.

 (c) (i) Upon delivery to the Corporation by a holder of shares of
Series C Preferred Stock of a notice of election to convert, the right of the
Corporation to redeem such shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall terminate,
regardless of whether a notice of redemption has been mailed as aforesaid.

 (ii) If a holder of Series C Preferred Stock delivers to the
Corporation a certificate therefor and a notice of election to convert, the
Series C Preferred Stock to be converted shall cease to accrue dividends
pursuant to paragraph 4 but shall continue to be entitled to receive pro rata
dividends for the period from the last Dividend Payment Date to the date of
delivery of the notice of election to convert in preference to and in priority
over any dividends on any Junior Securities.

 (iii) Except as provided above and in paragraph 8(g), the
Corporation shall make no payment or adjustment for accrued and unpaid dividends
on shares of Series C Preferred Stock, whether or not in arrears, on conversion
of such shares or for dividends theretofore paid on the shares of Class A Common
Stock.

 (d) (i) The Corporation covenants that it will at all times reserve
and keep available, free from preemptive rights, such number of its authorized
but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock as shall be required for the purpose
of effecting conversions of the Series C Preferred Stock.

 (ii) Prior to the delivery of any securities which the
Corporation shall be obligated to deliver upon conversion of the Series C
Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall comply with all applicable federal and
state laws and regulations which require action to be taken by the Corporation.

 (e) The Corporation will pay any and all documentary stamp or similar
issue or transfer taxes payable in respect of the issue or delivery of shares of
Class A Common Stock on conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock pursuant
hereto; provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax which
may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue or delivery of
shares of Class A Common Stock in a name other than that of the holder of the
Series C Preferred Stock to be converted and no such issue or delivery shall be
made unless and until the person requesting such issue or delivery has paid to
the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has established, to the
satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

 (f) In connection with the conversion of any shares of Series C
Preferred Stock, no fractions of shares of Class A Common Stock shall be
required to be issued to the holder of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock,
but in lieu thereof the Corporation shall pay a cash adjustment in respect of
such fractional interest in an amount equal to such fractional interest
multiplied by the Market Price per share of Class A Common Stock on the business

- 11 -
 12

day next preceding the business day on which such shares of Series C Preferred
Stock are deemed to have been converted.

 (g) (i) In case the Corporation shall at any time after the Issue
Date (A) declare a dividend or make a distribution on Common Stock payable in
Common Stock (other than dividends or distributions payable to holders of the
Series C Preferred Stock including dividends paid as contemplated by Section
4(f)), (B) subdivide or split the outstanding Common Stock, (C) combine or
reclassify the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, (D)
issue any shares of its Capital Stock in a reclassification of Common Stock
(including any such reclassification in connection with a consolidation or
merger in which the Corporation is the continuing corporation), or (E)
consolidate with, or merge with or into, any other person, the Conversion Price
in effect at the time of the record date for such dividend or distribution or on
the effective date of such subdivision, split, combination, consolidation,
merger or reclassification shall be adjusted so that the conversion of the
Series C Preferred Stock after such time shall entitle the holder to receive the
aggregate number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the
Corporation (or other securities into which such shares of Common Stock have
been converted, exchanged, combined, consolidated, merged or reclassified
pursuant to clause 8(g)(i)(C), 8(g)(i)(D) or 8(g)(i)(E) above) which, if the
Series C Preferred Stock had been converted immediately prior to such time, such
holder would have owned upon such conversion and been entitled to receive by
virtue of such dividend, distribution, subdivision, split, combination,
consolidation, merger or reclassification. Such adjustment shall be made
successively whenever an event listed above shall occur.

 (ii) In case the Corporation shall issue or sell any Common
Stock (or rights, options, warrants or other securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock) without consideration or
for a consideration per share (or having a conversion, exchange or exercise
price per share) less than the Current Market Price on the date of such issuance
(or, in the case of convertible or exchangeable or exercisable securities, less
than the Current Market Price as of the date of issuance of the rights, options,
warrants or other securities in respect of which shares of Common Stock were
issued) then, and in each such case, the Conversion Price shall be reduced to an
amount determined by multiplying (A) the Conversion Price in effect on the day
immediately prior to such date by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which shall
be the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to such sale or issuance multiplied by the then applicable Current Market
Price (such Current Market Price, the "Adjustment Price") and (2) the aggregate
consideration receivable by the Corporation for the total number of shares of
Common Stock so issued (or into or for which the rights, options, warrants or
other securities are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable), and the
denominator of which shall be the sum of (x) the total number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such sale or issue and (y) the
number of additional shares of Common Stock issued (or into or for which the
rights, options, warrants or other securities may be converted, exercised or
exchanged), multiplied by the Adjustment Price. In case any portion of the
consideration to be received by the Corporation shall be in a form other than
cash, the fair market value of such noncash

- 12 -
 13

consideration shall be utilized in the foregoing computation. Such fair market
value shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

 (iii) In case the Corporation shall fix a record date for the
issuance on a pro rata basis of rights, options or warrants to the holders of
its Common Stock or other securities entitling such holders to subscribe for or
purchase shares of Common Stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock) at a price per share of Common Stock
(or having a conversion, exercise or exchange price per share of Common Stock,
in the case of a security convertible into, or exerciseable or exchangeable for,
shares of Common Stock) less than the Current Market Price on such record date,
the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such
rights, options or warrants (or conversion of such convertible securities) shall
be deemed to have been issued and outstanding as of such record date and the
Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to paragraph 8(g)(ii) hereof, as
though such maximum number of shares of Common Stock had been so issued for an
aggregate consideration payable by the holders of such rights, options, warrants
or other securities prior to their receipt of such shares of Common Stock. In
case any portion of such consideration shall be in a form other than cash, the
fair market value of such noncash consideration shall be determined as set forth
in paragraph 8(g)(ii) hereof. Such adjustment shall be made successively
whenever such record date is fixed; and in the event that such rights, options
or warrants are not so issued or expire in whole or in part unexercised, or in
the event of a change in the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
holders of such rights, options or warrants are entitled (other than pursuant to
adjustment provisions therein comparable to those contained in this paragraph
8(g)), the Conversion Price shall again be adjusted as follows: (A) in the event
that all of such rights, options or warrants expire unexercised, the Conversion
Price shall be the Conversion Price that would then be in effect if such record
date had not been fixed; (B) in the event that less than all of such rights,
options or warrants expire unexercised, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted
pursuant to paragraph 8(g)(ii) to reflect the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of such rights, options or warrants that remain
outstanding (without taking into effect shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of rights, options or warrants that have lapsed or expired); and (C) in
the event of a change in the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
holders of such rights, options or warrants are entitled, the Conversion Price
shall be adjusted to reflect the Conversion Price which would then be in effect
if such holder had initially been entitled to such changed number of shares of
Common Stock. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no further
adjustment to the Conversion Price shall be made upon the issuance or sale of
Common Stock upon the exercise of any rights, options or warrants to subscribe
for or purchase Common Stock, if any adjustment in the Conversion Price was made
or required to be made upon the record date for the issuance or sale of such
rights, options or warrants under this clause 8(g)(iii). Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, no adjustment in the Conversion Price shall be
made under this clause 8(g)(iii) to the extent the holders of Series C Preferred
Stock participate in any such distribution in accordance with Section 4(f)
hereof.

 (iv) In case the Corporation shall fix a record date for the
making of a distribution to all holders of any class of Common Stock (including
any such distribution made

- 13 -
 14

in connection with a consolidation or merger in which the Corporation is the
continuing corporation) of evidences of indebtedness, assets or other property,
the Conversion Price to be in effect after such record date shall be determined
by multiplying the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such record
date by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which shall be the Conversion Price
immediately prior to such distributions less the fair market value (determined
as set forth in paragraph 8(g)(ii) hereof) of the portion of the assets, other
property or evidence of indebtedness so to be distributed which is applicable to
one share of Common Stock and (B) the denominator of which shall be the
Conversion Price immediately prior to such distributions. Such adjustments shall
be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed; and in the event that
such distribution is not so made, the Conversion Price shall again be adjusted
to be the Conversion Price which would then be in effect if such record date had
not been fixed. An adjustment to the Conversion Price also shall be made in
respect of dividends and distributions paid exclusively in cash to all holders
of any class of Common Stock (excluding any dividend or distribution in
connection with the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation,
whether voluntary or involuntary, and any cash that is distributed upon a
merger, consolidation or other transaction for which an adjustment pursuant to
paragraph 8(g)(i) is made) where the sum of (1) all such cash dividends and
distributions made within the preceding 12 months in respect of which no
adjustment has been made and (2) any cash and the fair market value (determined
as set forth in paragraph 8(g)(ii) hereof) of other consideration paid in
respect of any repurchases of Common Stock by the Corporation or any of its
subsidiaries within the preceding 12 months in respect of which no adjustment
has been made, exceeds 2 of the Corporation's market capitalization (being the
product of the then Current Market Price of the Common Stock times the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding on the record date for such
distribution). The Conversion Price to be in effect after such adjustment shall
be determined by subtracting from the Conversion Price in effect prior to such
adjustment an amount equal to the quotient of (A) the sum of clause (1) and
clause (2) above and (B) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the
date such adjustment is to be determined. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, no adjustment in the Conversion Price shall be made under this clause
8(g)(iv) to the extent the holders of Series C Preferred Stock participate in
any such distribution in accordance with Section 4(f) hereof.

 (v) No adjustment to the Conversion Price pursuant to (a)
paragraphs 8(g)(ii), 8(g)(iii) or 8(g)(iv) above shall be required unless such
adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least .50 in the
Conversion Price or (b) paragraph 8(g)(ii) above shall be required with respect
to rights, options, warrants or other securities outstanding on the Issue Date
or issued pursuant to the Company's employee benefit plans in effect on the
Issue Date or reserved for issuance thereunder as of the Issue Date or stock
options granted after the Issue Date pursuant to any stock option plans adopted
by the Board of Directors so long as such options have an exercise price not
less than the Market Price on the day preceding such grant; provided, however,
that any adjustments which by reason of paragraph 8(g)(v)(a) are not required to
be made shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent
adjustment. All calculations under this paragraph 8(g) shall be made to the
nearest four decimal points.

- 14 -
 15

 (vi) In the event that, at any time as a result of the
provisions of this paragraph 8(g), a holder of Series C Preferred Stock upon
subsequent conversion shall become entitled to receive any shares of Capital
Stock of the Corporation other than Common Stock, the number of such other
shares so receivable upon conversion of Series C Preferred Stock shall
thereafter be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms
as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions contained herein.

 (vii) If, as a result of the operation of paragraphs 8(g)(ii),
8(g)(iii) or 8(g)(iv) above and corresponding provisions in the Series D
Designation, the cumulative number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued or
issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred
Stock, after giving effect to (x) the adjustments described in such paragraphs
and corresponding provisions in the Series D Designation and (y) all prior
conversions of the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, would
equal or exceed a number (the "Threshold Number") equal to 20 of the
outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock as of the Issue Date and if the
Company receives a written opinion of its outside counsel that the issuance of
such shares in excess of the Threshold Number would violate the rules of the
Nasdaq National Market or any other exchange on which the Class A Common Stock
is then quoted or traded, then until and unless the Corporation obtains the
approval of its common stockholders for the issuance of any such shares of Class
A Common Stock in excess of the Threshold Number, the holders shall only be
entitled to exercise their conversion rights with respect to a maximum number of
Series C and Series D Preferred Stock that would not result in an amount of
shares of Class A Common Stock being issued in excess of the Threshold Number,
but in any case, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted as provided in such
paragraphs. If, as a result of the operation of the preceding sentence, the
conversion rights of the holders of Series C Preferred Stock are limited by
operation thereof because appropriate stockholder approval has not been
obtained, the Corporation agrees for the benefit of the holders of Series C
Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock to use its reasonable best efforts
to seek, as promptly as reasonably practicable, the requisite approval of its
common stockholders (and shall seek such approval as often as necessary to
obtain such approval), and will recommend to its stockholders that they vote in
favor of a resolution providing for such approval, for the amount of shares of
Class A Common Stock that would be issued or issuable upon conversion in full of
all outstanding Series C and Series D Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary set forth above, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock and
Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to exercise such holders' conversion
rights in full (after giving effect to any and all anti-dilution adjustments
resulting from operation of paragraphs 8(g)(ii), 8(g)(iii) or 8(g)(iv)) in
connection with any merger, consolidation or other transaction in which such
Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock or Class A Common Stock is
being converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property in
connection with such merger, consolidation or other transaction. In the event
that the Corporation elects to redeem the shares of Series C Preferred Stock and
Series D Preferred Stock at a time when the holders' right to convert such
shares into Class A Common Stock is limited as provided in this paragraph (g),
and such holders seek to exercise such conversion rights prior to the date fixed
for redemption in accordance with this Section 8 (the "Redemption Date"), then
if the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of such shares, after giving effect to any adjustments provided under

- 15 -
 16

the first sentence of this section (the "Cumulative Number"), would exceed the
Threshold Number, the holders shall be entitled to convert such number of shares
of Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock into a number of shares
of Class A Common Stock up to the Threshold Number, and with respect to the
balance of such shares, the Corporation shall cancel such shares and shall pay
the holders in lieu thereof an amount in cash equal to (a)(i) the Cumulative
Number minus (ii) the Threshold Number multiplied by (b) the Market Price per
share of Class A Common Stock on the business day next preceding the business
day which is deemed the Redemption Date.

 (h) All adjustments pursuant to this paragraph 8 shall be
notified to the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock and such notice shall be
accompanied by a schedule of computations of the adjustments.

 9. Voting Rights. (a) The holders of record of shares of
Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on an as-converted basis
(calculated in accordance with Section 8(a) as of the close of trading on the
last trading day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Corporation)
with the Common Stock as a single class on all matters presented to the holders
of the Common Stock for vote, except as hereinafter provided in this Section 9
or as otherwise provided by law. So long as the provisions of Section 9(b)(i)
entitle the holders of Series C Preferred Stock to designate the Series C
Designee (as defined below), the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall not
be entitled to vote as to the election of other directors of the Corporation.

 (b) (i) On the Issue Date, the Board of Directors shall cause the
total number of directors then constituting the whole Board of Directors to be
increased by two and the holders of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to designate one director (the "Series C Designee") for
election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation and, voting separately as
a series, shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of such
designee to the Board of Directors; and the holders of the outstanding shares of
Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to designate one director (the
"Series D Designee") for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation
and, voting separately as a series, shall have the exclusive right to vote for
the election of such designee to the Board of Directors; provided that,
notwithstanding the foregoing, after the Issue Date, (i) the holders of the
outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock shall continue to be entitled
to designate the Series C Designee for election to the Board of Directors and,
voting separately as a series, shall continue to have the exclusive right to
vote for the election of the Series C Designee to the Board of Directors, and
the holders of the outstanding shares of the Series D Preferred Stock shall
continue to be entitled to designate the Series D Designee for election to the
Board of Directors and, voting separately as a series, shall continue to have
the exclusive right to vote for the election of the Series D Designee to the
Board of Directors, in each case, for as long as, and only for as long as, at
least 40 of the aggregate number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued
on the Issue Date and of shares of Series D Preferred Stock issued on the
original date of issuance of the Series D Preferred Stock (such aggregate number
of shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock being
referred to herein as the "Total C and D Shares") remains outstanding; (ii) the
entitlement of the holders of outstanding shares

- 16 -
 17
of Series C Preferred Stock to designate one director for election to the Board
of Directors, and the exclusive right of the holders of outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred Stock to vote, separately as a series, for the election of
the Series C Designee to the Board of Directors, shall cease immediately upon
less than 40 of the Total C and D Shares being outstanding, and the holders of
the outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
designate one board observer (the "Series C Board Observer"), for as long as,
and only for as long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued on the
Issue Date are outstanding; (iii) immediately upon no shares of Series C
Preferred Stock issued on the Issue Date being outstanding, the entitlement of
the holders of outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock to designate the
Series C Board Observer, and the rights of the Series C Observer, shall cease;
and (iv) immediately upon less than 40 but more than 20 of the Total C and D
Shares being outstanding, the Board of Directors shall cause the total number of
directors then constituting the whole Board of Directors to be decreased by one,
and the term of office of the Series C Designee shall terminate. The Series C
Designee may be removed with or without cause by the holders of the shares of
Series C Preferred Stock. The "Series C Board Observer" means a person who shall
not be a member of the Board of Directors and who shall have the rights as
agreed to with the Corporation, provided that such rights shall satisfy the
requirement of contractual management rights for purposes of the Department of
Labor's "plan assets" regulation.

 (ii) If and whenever six quarterly dividends payable on the
Series C Preferred Stock have not been paid in full or if the Corporation shall
have failed to discharge its Mandatory Redemption Obligation or the Corporation
shall have failed to comply with Section 9(d) hereof, the total number of
directors then constituting the whole Board of Directors automatically shall be
increased by one and the holders of outstanding shares of Series C Preferred
Stock, voting separately as a single series, shall be entitled to elect one
additional director to serve on the Board of Directors at any annual meeting of
stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof, or at a special meeting
of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock called as hereinafter provided.
Whenever all arrears in dividends and Special Amounts on the Series C Preferred
Stock then outstanding shall have been paid and dividends thereon for the
current quarterly dividend period shall have been paid or declared and set apart
for payment, or the Company shall have fulfilled its Mandatory Redemption
Obligation, as the case may be, then the right of the holders of outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred Stock to elect such additional director shall cease
(but subject always to the same provisions for the vesting of such voting rights
in the case of any similar future arrearage in six quarterly dividends or
failure to fulfill any Mandatory Redemption Obligation), and the term of office
of any person elected as director by the holders of outstanding shares of Series
C Preferred Stock pursuant to this subparagraph (b)(ii) shall forthwith
terminate and the total number of directors then constituting the whole Board of
Directors automatically shall be reduced by one. At any time after voting power
to elect one additional director shall have become vested and be continuing in
the holders of outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to this
subparagraph (b)(ii), or if a vacancy shall exist in the office of a director
elected by the holders of outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock
pursuant to this subparagraph (b)(ii), a proper officer of the Corporation may,
and upon the written request of the holders of record of at least twenty-five
percent (25 of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding

 - 17 -
 18

addressed to the Secretary of the Corporation shall, call a special meeting of
the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, for the purpose of electing the one
additional director which such holders are entitled to elect pursuant to this
subparagraph (b)(ii). If such meeting shall not be called by a proper officer of
the Corporation within twenty (20) days after personal service of said written
request upon the Secretary of the Corporation, or within twenty (20) days after
mailing the same within the United States by certified mail, addressed to the
Secretary of the Corporation at its principal executive offices, then the
holders of record of at least twenty-five percent (25 of the outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred Stock may designate in writing one of their number
to call such meeting at the expense of the Corporation, and such meeting may be
called by the person so designated upon the notice required for the annual
meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and shall be held at the place for
holding the annual meetings of stockholders. Any holder of Series C Preferred
Stock so designated shall have, and the Corporation shall provide, access to the
lists of stockholders to be called pursuant to the provisions hereof.

 (c) Without the written consent of holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock or the affirmative vote of
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a
meeting of the holders of Series C Preferred Stock called for such purpose, the
Corporation will not amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Restated
Certificate of Incorporation or this Certificate of Designation so as to
adversely affect the preferences, rights or powers of the Series C Preferred
Stock or to authorize the issuance of, or to issue any, additional shares of
Series C Preferred Stock; provided that any such amendment that changes any
dividend or other amount payable on or the liquidation preference of the Series
C Preferred Stock shall require the written consent of holders of two-thirds of
the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock or the affirmative vote of
holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a
meeting of the holders of Series C Preferred Stock called for such purpose.

 (d) Without the written consent of holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock or the affirmative vote of
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a
meeting of such holders called for such purpose, the Corporation will not
create, authorize or issue any (i) Parity Securities or (ii) Senior Securities
except Senior Securities issued in accordance with paragraph (f)(ii) of the
Certificate of Designation for the Senior Exchangeable Redeemable Preferred
Shares as in effect on December 3, 1999.

 (e) Subject to the provisions of Sections 8 and 10 hereof, the
Corporation may, without the consent of any holder of Series C Preferred Stock,
consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or
substantially all its assets as an entirety to, any Person, provided that: (1)
the successor, transferee or lessee (if not the Corporation) is organized and
existing under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof or
the District of Columbia and the Series C Preferred Stock shall be converted
into or exchanged for and shall become shares of, or interests in, such
successor, transferee or lessee, having in respect of such successor,
transferee, or lessee substantially the same powers, preferences and relative,
participating, optional or other special rights and the qualifications,
limitations or

- 18 -
 19

restrictions thereof, that the Series C Preferred Stock has immediately prior to
such transaction; and (2) the Corporation delivers to the transfer agent an
officers' certificate and an opinion of counsel stating that such consolidation,
merger, conveyance, transfer or lease complies with this Certificate of
Designation. In the event of any consolidation or merger or conveyance, transfer
or lease of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation that is
permitted pursuant to this paragraph (e), the successor resulting from such
consolidation or into which the Corporation is merged or the transferee or
lessee to which such conveyance, transfer or lease is made, will succeed to, and
be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Corporation
with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock (or the shares or interests into,
or for which, the Series C Preferred Stock is converted or exchanged), and
thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the predecessor (if still in
existence) shall be released from its obligations and covenants with respect to
the Series C Preferred Stock.

 (f) In exercising the voting rights set forth in this paragraph
9, each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall have one vote per share. Except
as otherwise required by applicable law or as set forth herein, the shares of
Series C Preferred Stock shall not have any relative, participating, optional or
other special voting rights and powers and the consent of the holders thereof
shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action.

 10. Change of Control. (a) Within thirty days of a Change of
Control (the date of such occurrence being the "Change of Control Date"), the
Corporation shall notify the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock of such
occurrence and shall be required to make an offer (the "Offer to Purchase") to
each holder of shares of Series C Preferred Stock (subject to the rights of the
holders pursuant to Section 8 hereof) to repurchase such holder's shares of
Series C Preferred Stock, or such portion thereof as may be determined by such
holder, at a price per share in cash equal to 101 of the Liquidation Preference
plus, without duplication, an amount in cash equal to all accumulated and unpaid
dividends per share (including an amount in cash equal to a prorated dividend
for the period from the last Dividend Payment Date through such date); provided
that if any holders of Series C Preferred Stock tender their shares pursuant to
the Offer to Purchase, the Corporation shall be required to purchase a
proportional amount of the Series D Preferred Stock.

 (b) The Offer to Purchase must take place on a Business Day
(the "Change of Control Payment Date") not later than 30 days following the
Change of Control Date. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Corporation
shall (A) accept for payment the Series C Preferred Stock validly tendered
pursuant to the Offer to Purchase, (B) pay to the holders of shares so accepted
the purchase price therefor in cash and (C) cancel and retire each surrendered
certificate. Unless the Corporation defaults in the payment for the Series C
Preferred Stock tendered pursuant to the Offer to Purchase, dividends will cease
to accrue with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock tendered and all rights
of holders of such tendered shares will terminate, except for the right to
receive payment therefor.

 (c) The Corporation will comply with any securities laws and
regulations, to the extent such laws and regulations are applicable to the
repurchase of the Series C Preferred Stock in connection with an Offer to
Purchase.

- 19 -
 20

 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Section 10, the Company will not repurchase or redeem any such stock pursuant to
this Section 10 until it has repurchased or repaid all outstanding debt
obligations pursuant to rights triggered pursuant to the terms thereof resulting
from the Change of Control in question.

 11. Reports. So long as any of the Series C Preferred Stock is
outstanding, in the event the Corporation is not required to file quarterly and
annual financial reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Corporation will furnish
the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock with reports containing the same
information as would be required in such reports.

 12. General Provisions. (a) The term "person" as used herein
means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust,
organization, association, other entity or individual.

 (b) The term "outstanding", when used with reference to shares
of stock, shall mean issued shares, excluding shares held by the Corporation or
a subsidiary of the Corporation.

 (c) The headings of the sections, paragraphs, subparagraphs,
clauses and subclauses of this Certificate of Designation are for convenience of
reference only and shall not define, limit or affect any of the provisions
hereof.

- 20 -
 21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. has caused this
Certificate of Designation to be signed by Gary D. Begeman, its Vice President
and Secretary, this 19 day of January, 2000.

 NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

By: /s/ Gary D. Begeman
 ------------------------------------
 Name: Gary D. Begeman
 Title: Vice President and Secretary

- 21 -

</EX-3.1.5>

<EX-3.1.6>
 3
 CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION RE: SERIES D STOCK

1

NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

 CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF THE POWERS, PREFERENCES AND
 RELATIVE, PARTICIPATING, OPTIONAL AND OTHER SPECIAL RIGHTS OF
 SERIES D CONVERTIBLE PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK AND
 QUALIFICATIONS, LIMITATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS THEREOF

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Pursuant to Section 151 of the
 General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. (the "Corporation"), a corporation
organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, does hereby certify that, pursuant to authority conferred upon the
board of directors of the Corporation (the "Board of Directors") by the
Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the "Certificate of
Incorporation"), and pursuant to the provisions of Section 151 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, said Board of Directors is authorized
to issue Preferred Stock of the Corporation in one or more series and the
Special Committee of the Board of Directors, as authorized by the Board of
Directors, has duly approved and adopted the following resolution on December 7,
1999 (the "Resolution"):

 RESOLVED that, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of
 Directors by its Certificate of Incorporation, the Special Committee, as
 authorized by the Board of Directors, hereby creates, authorizes and
 provides for the issuance of a series of preferred stock of the
 Corporation, par value .01 per share (such preferred stock designated as
 the "Series D Convertible Participating Preferred Stock"), consisting of
 265,625 shares and having the powers, designation, preferences, relative,
 participating, optional and other special rights and the qualifications,
 limitations and restrictions thereof that are set forth in the
 Certificate of Incorporation and in this Resolution as follows:

 1. Number and Designation. 265,625 shares of the Preferred Stock of
the Corporation shall constitute a series designated as "Series D Convertible
Participating Preferred Stock" (the "Series D Preferred Stock").

 2. Definitions. Unless the context otherwise requires, when used
herein the following terms shall have the meaning indicated.

 "Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

 "Business Day" means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which
shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in New York
City, New York generally are authorized or required by law or other governmental
actions to close.

 "Capital Stock" means, with respect to any person, any and all shares,
interests, participations, rights in, or other equivalents (however designated
and whether voting and/or non-voting) of such person's capital stock, whether
outstanding on the Issue Date or issued

2

after the Issue Date, and any and all rights (other than any evidence of
indebtedness), warrants or options exchangeable for or convertible into such
capital stock.

 "Change of Control" will be deemed to have occurred at such time as any
of the following occur: (i) any person or any persons acting together that would
constitute a "group" for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, or any
successor provision thereto (other than Eagle River, Craig O. McCaw, Wendy P.
McCaw and their respective affiliates or an underwriter engaged in a firm
commitment underwriting on behalf of the Corporation), shall beneficially own
(within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, or any successor
provision thereto) more than 50 of the aggregate voting power of all classes of
Voting Stock of the Corporation, (ii) neither Mr. Craig O. McCaw nor any person
designated by him to the Corporation as acting on his behalf shall be a director
of the Corporation or (iii) from and after the date on which the Corporation has
redeemed indefeasibly or defeased in full its obligations in respect of its
12-1/2 Senior Notes due April 15, 2006 or defeased the covenants applicable
thereto in accordance with their terms, during any period of two consecutive
years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of
Directors (together with any new directors whose election by the Board of
Directors or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of the
Corporation was proposed by a vote of a majority of the directors of the
Corporation then still in office who were either directors at the beginning of
such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so
approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of
Directors then in office.

 "Class A Common Stock" means the Corporation's Class A Common Stock, par
value .02 per share, now or hereafter authorized to be issued, and any and all
securities of any kind whatsoever of the Corporation which may be exchanged for
or converted into Class A Common Stock, any and all securities of any kind
whatsoever of the Corporation which may be issued on or after the date hereof in
respect of, in exchange for, or upon conversion of shares of Class A Common
Stock pursuant to a merger, consolidation, stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization of the Corporation or otherwise.

 "Common Stock" means the Corporation's Class A Common Stock, the
Corporation's Class B Common Stock, par value .02 per share, and any other
common stock of the Corporation.

 "Current Market Price" means the average of the daily Market Prices of
the Common Stock for ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date
for which such value is to be computed.

 "Eagle River" means Eagle River Investments, L.L.C., a limited liability
company formed under the laws of the State of Washington.

 "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
any successor statute, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

 "Issue Date" means the original date of issuance of shares of Series D
Preferred Stock.

- 2 -
 3

 "Liquidation Preference" with respect to a share of Series D Preferred
Stock means, as at any date, 1,000.00 plus an amount equal to any accrued and
unpaid dividends with respect to such share through such date.

 "Market Price" means, with respect to the Common Stock, on any given day,
(i) the price of the last trade, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market, not
identified as having been reported late to such system, or (ii) if the Common
Stock is so traded, but not so quoted, the average of the last bid and ask
prices, as those prices are reported on the Nasdaq National Market, or (iii) if
the Common Stock is not listed or authorized for trading on the Nasdaq National
Market or any comparable system, the average of the closing bid and asked prices
as furnished by two members of the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc. selected from time to time by the Corporation for that purpose. If the
Common Stock is not listed and traded in a manner that the quotations referred
to above are available for the period required hereunder, the Market Price per
share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the fair value per share of such
security as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation.

 "Net Realizable FMV" means, with respect to a share of Common Stock, if
calculable, the amount of gross proceeds net of underwriters' discounts,
commissions or other selling expenses received by or to be received by the
holder in connection with the sale of such share of Common Stock on a when
issued basis or immediately after the conversion or, in all other cases, an
amount equal to 97 of the Current Market Price of the Common Stock.

 "Series C Designation" means the Certificate of Designation for the
Series C Preferred Stock.

 "Series C Preferred Stock" means the Series C Cumulative Convertible
Participating Preferred Stock, par value .01 per share, of the Corporation.

 "Voting Stock" means, with respect to any person, the Capital Stock of
any class or kind ordinarily having the power to vote for the election of
directors or other members of the governing body of such person.

 3. Rank. (a) The Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred
Stock each will, with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation,
winding-up and dissolution, rank (i) senior to the Corporation's 6-1/2 
Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value .01 per share, all classes of
Common Stock and to each other class of Capital Stock of the Corporation or
series of Preferred Stock of the Corporation established hereafter by the Board
of Directors of the Corporation the terms of which do not expressly provide that
such class or series ranks senior to, or on a parity with, the Series C
Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and rights on
liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of the Corporation (collectively
referred to, together with all classes of Common Stock of the Corporation, as
"Junior Securities"); (ii) on a parity with each class of Capital Stock of the
Corporation or series of Preferred Stock of the Corporation established
hereafter by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, the terms of which
expressly provide that such class or series will rank on a parity with the
Series C Preferred Stock and Series D

- 3 -
 4

Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and rights on liquidation, winding-up and
dissolution (collectively referred to as "Parity Securities"); and (iii) junior
to the Corporation's 14 Senior Exchangeable Redeemable Preferred Shares, par
value .01 per share (the "Senior Exchangeable Redeemable Preferred Shares"),
and to each class of Capital Stock of the Corporation or series of Preferred
Stock of the Corporation established hereafter by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation in accordance with Section 9(d) hereof, the terms of which expressly
provide that such class or series will rank senior to the Series C Preferred
Stock and Series D Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and rights on
liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of the Corporation (collectively
referred to as "Senior Securities"); provided that the relative powers, rights
and preferences of the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock
vis-a-vis the other shall be as set forth herein and in the Series C
Designation.

 (b) The respective definitions of Junior Securities, Parity Securities
and Senior Securities shall also include any warrants, rights, options or other
securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into any of the Junior
Securities, Parity Securities and Senior Securities, as the case may be.

 (c) The Series D Preferred Stock shall be subject to the creation of
Junior Securities and Parity Securities and, to the extent permitted by Section
9(d), Senior Securities.

 4. Dividends. So long as any shares of Series D Preferred Stock are
outstanding, if the Corporation pays a dividend in cash, securities or other
property on the Common Stock then at the same time the Corporation shall declare
and pay a dividend on each share of Series D Preferred Stock in an amount equal
to the Series D Per Share Participation Amount. The "Series D Per Share
Participation Amount" means, as at any date, 62.5 of the amount of dividends
that would be paid with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D
Preferred Stock taken together if converted into Common Stock on the date
established as the record date with respect to such dividend on the Common Stock
divided by the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock then outstanding.

 5. Liquidation Preference. (a) In the event of any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary,
after any payment or distribution of the assets of the Corporation (whether
capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of Senior
Securities, and before any payment or distribution of the assets of the
Corporation (whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the
holders of Junior Securities, the holders of the shares of Series C Preferred
Stock and Series D Preferred Stock taken together shall be entitled to receive
an amount in cash equal to the greater of (x) the aggregate Liquidation
Preferences (as set forth herein and in the Series C Designation) of the shares
of Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock as of the date of
liquidation, or (y) the aggregate amount that would have been received with
respect to the shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock
if such stock had been converted to Common Stock immediately prior to such
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. If, upon any liquidation, dissolution or
winding-up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds
thereof, shall be insufficient to pay in full the aforesaid amounts under clause
(x) of the preceding sentence and liquidating payments on all Parity Securities,

- 4 -
 5

then such assets, or proceeds thereof, shall (i) be distributed among the shares
of Series C Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock taken together and
all such other Parity Securities ratably in accordance with the respective
amounts that would be payable on such shares of Preferred Stock and any such
other Parity Securities if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full and
(ii) the amount distributable under clause (i) to the Series C Preferred Stock
and Series D Preferred Stock taken together, shall first be distributed to the
Series C Preferred Stock until it has received an amount equal to the aggregate
Preference Amounts (as defined in the Series C Designation) of all Series C
Preferred Stock outstanding as of the date of liquidation and thereafter 37.5 
to the Series C Preferred Stock and 62.5 to the Series D Preferred Stock. If,
upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, the assets
of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable to the Series C Preferred
Stock and Series D Preferred Stock taken together shall be sufficient to pay in
full the aforesaid amounts under clause (x) of the first sentence of this
subsection 5(a) then such amount shall first be distributed to the Series C
Preferred Stock until it has received an amount equal to the aggregate
Preference Amounts (as defined in the Series C Designation) of all Series C
Preferred Stock outstanding as of the date of liquidation and thereafter 37.5 
to the Series C Preferred Stock and 62.5 to the Series D Preferred Stock. Any
amounts distributed with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to
this paragraph 5(a) shall be allocated pro rata among the shares of Series D
Preferred Stock. For the purposes of this paragraph 5, neither the sale,
conveyance, exchange or transfer (for cash, shares of stock, securities or other
consideration) of all or substantially all of the property or assets of the
Corporation nor the consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into one
or more other entities shall be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or
winding-up of the Corporation.

 (b) Subject to the rights of the holders of any Parity Securities,
after payment shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series C
Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock taken together, as provided in
this paragraph 5, any other series or class or classes of Junior Securities
shall, subject to the respective terms and provisions (if any) applying thereto,
be entitled to receive any and all assets remaining to be paid or distributed,
and the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and
any Parity Securities shall not be entitled to share therein.

 6. Redemption. (a) The Series D Preferred Stock shall not be
redeemable by the Corporation prior to the later of (i) the fifth anniversary of
the Issue Date and (ii) the date on which the Corporation has redeemed
indefeasibly or defeased in full its obligations in respect of its 12-1/2 
Senior Notes due April 15, 2006 or defeased the covenants applicable thereto in
accordance with their terms (the "Redemption Trigger Date"). On and after the
Redemption Trigger Date, to the extent the Corporation shall have funds legally
available for such payment, and subject to the rights of the holders pursuant to
Section 8 hereof, the Corporation may redeem at its option shares of Series D
Preferred Stock, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, at a
redemption price per share equal to the Liquidation Preference as of the date
fixed for redemption, without interest; provided that the Corporation shall only
be entitled to redeem shares of the Series D Preferred Stock if shares of the
Series C Preferred Stock are also redeemed on a proportional basis based on the
percentage of each series of shares outstanding at such time.

- 5 -
 6

 (b) Pursuant to the Series C Designation, to the extent the
Corporation shall have funds legally available therefor, during the 180-day
period commencing on the tenth anniversary of the Issue Date, the holders of the
Series C Preferred Stock shall have the right to cause the Corporation to redeem
at any time in whole or from time to time in part outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred Stock, if any, at a redemption price per share in cash equal to the
Liquidation Preference (as set forth in the Series C Designation), without
interest; provided that upon any such election the Corporation shall be required
to redeem a proportional amount of the Series D Preferred Stock.

 (c) Shares of Series D Preferred Stock which have been issued and
reacquired by the Corporation in any manner, including shares purchased or
redeemed, shall (upon compliance with any applicable provisions of the laws of
the State of Delaware) be retired and have the status of authorized and unissued
shares of the class of Preferred Stock undesignated as to series and may be
redesignated and reissued as part of any series of the Preferred Stock; provided
that no such issued and reacquired shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be
reissued or sold as Series D Preferred Stock.

 (d) If the Corporation is unable or shall fail to discharge its
obligation to redeem outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Series D
Preferred Stock pursuant to paragraph 6(b) (the "Mandatory Redemption
Obligation"), the Mandatory Redemption Obligation shall be discharged as soon as
the Corporation is able to discharge such Mandatory Redemption Obligation. If
and so long as any Mandatory Redemption Obligation with respect to the Series C
Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock shall not be fully discharged, the
Corporation shall not (i) directly or indirectly, redeem, purchase, or otherwise
acquire any Parity Security or discharge any mandatory or optional redemption,
sinking fund or other similar obligation in respect of any Parity Securities or
(ii) declare or make any Junior Securities Distribution (as defined in the
Series C Designation), or, directly or indirectly, discharge any mandatory or
optional redemption, sinking fund or other similar obligation in respect of any
Junior Securities.

 7. Procedure for Redemption. (a) In the event that fewer than all the
outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, in the case
of Section 6(a), the number of shares to be redeemed shall be determined by the
Board of Directors and the shares to be redeemed shall be selected pro rata
(with any fractional shares being rounded to the nearest whole shares).
Notwithstanding anything in Section 6 to the contrary, the Corporation shall
only redeem shares of Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6(a) or 6(b)
on a proportional basis based on the percentage of each series of shares
outstanding at such time.

 (b) In the event the Corporation shall redeem shares of Series D
Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6(a), notice of such redemption shall be
given by first class mail, postage prepaid, mailed not less than 30 days nor
more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, to each holder of record of the
shares to be redeemed at such holder's address as the same appears on the stock
register of the Corporation; provided that neither the failure to give such
notice nor any defect therein shall affect the validity of the giving of notice
for the

- 6 -
 7

redemption of any share of Series D Preferred Stock to be redeemed except as to
the holder to whom the Corporation has failed to give said notice or except as
to the holder whose notice was defective. Each such notice shall state: (i) the
redemption date; (ii) the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be
redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares held by such holder are to be
redeemed, the number of shares to be redeemed from such holder; (iii) the
redemption price; (iv) the place or places where certificates for such shares
are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price; and (v) that
dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such redemption
date.

 (c) Notice having been mailed as aforesaid, if applicable, from and
after the redemption date, dividends on the shares of Series D Preferred Stock
so called for redemption shall cease to accrue, and all rights of the holders
thereof as stockholders of the Corporation (except the right to receive from the
Corporation the redemption price and except the right to convert shares so
called for redemption prior to the close of business on the date immediately
preceding the date fixed for such redemption) shall cease. Upon surrender in
accordance with said notice, if applicable, of the certificates for any shares
so redeemed (properly endorsed or assigned for transfer, if the Board of
Directors shall so require and the notice shall so state), such shares shall be
redeemed by the Corporation at the redemption price aforesaid. In case fewer
than all the shares represented by any such certificate are redeemed, a new
certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares without cost to
the holder thereof.

 8. Conversion. (a) (i) Pursuant to the provisions of the Series C
Designation, the holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock have the right,
at any time in whole and from time to time in part, at such holders' option, to
convert any or all outstanding shares (and fractional shares) of Series C
Preferred Stock held by such holders into fully paid and non-assessable shares
of Class A Common Stock. Upon the exercise by any holder of Series C Preferred
Stock of its conversion option, a proportional amount, based on the percentage
of each series of shares outstanding, of the Series D Preferred Stock shall
automatically convert into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A
Common Stock, subject to the provisions of this Section 8. At any time and from
time to time the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Series D
Preferred Stock taken together shall be convertible into a number of shares of
Class A Common Stock (the "Aggregate Conversion Shares") equal to the aggregate
Liquidation Preferences of the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and the
Series D Preferred Stock as set forth herein and in the Series C Designation as
of the date of conversion divided by 63.25, subject to adjustment from time to
time pursuant to paragraph 8(g) hereof (the "Conversion Price"). The Series D
Preferred Stock outstanding as at any date shall be convertible into a number of
shares of Class A Common Stock (the "Aggregate Series D Conversion Shares")
equal to .625 times the excess, if any, of (A) the Aggregate Conversion Shares
over (B) the aggregate Preference Amounts (as defined in the Series C
Designation) with respect to all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock
divided by the Net Realizable FMV of a share of Class A Common Stock at the time
of conversion. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock being converted shall
convert into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the Aggregate
Series D Conversion Shares divided by the number of shares of Series D Preferred
Stock then outstanding. Notwithstanding any call for redemption pursuant to
Section 6(a), the holders' right to convert

- 7 -
 8

shares so called for redemption shall terminate at the close of business on the
date immediately preceding the date fixed for such redemption unless the
Corporation shall default in making payment of the amount payable upon such
redemption.

 (ii) In the case of any partial conversion of Series C Preferred
Stock by the holders thereof, selection of the Series D Preferred Stock for
automatic conversion will be made by the Corporation in compliance with the
requirements of the principal national securities exchange, if any, on which the
Series D Preferred Stock is listed, or if the Series D Preferred Stock is not
listed on a national securities exchange, on a pro rata basis, by lot or such
other method as the Corporation, in its sole discretion, shall deem fair and
appropriate; provided, however, that the Corporation may redeem all the shares
held by holders of fewer than 5 shares of Series D Preferred Stock (or all of
the shares held by the holders who would hold less than 5 shares of Series D
Preferred Stock as a result of such redemption) as may be determined by the
Corporation. The Corporation shall provide prompt written notice (including the
number of shares so converted) of the automatic conversion of shares of Series D
Preferred Stock pursuant to this paragraph 8 to the holders of record of the
shares so converted.

 (b) (i) Promptly upon receipt of notice of automatic conversion of
shares of Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to paragraph 8(a) (including the
number of shares to be so converted), the holder of the shares of Series D
Preferred Stock so converted shall surrender the certificate representing such
shares at the principal executive offices of the Corporation. Unless the shares
issuable on conversion are to be issued in the same name as the name in which
such shares of Series D Preferred Stock are registered, each certificate so
surrendered shall be accompanied by instruments of transfer, in form
satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the holder or the holder's
duly authorized attorney, and an amount sufficient to pay any transfer or
similar tax.

 (ii) As promptly as practicable after the surrender by the
holder of the certificates for shares of Series D Preferred Stock as aforesaid,
the Corporation shall issue and shall deliver to such holder, or on the holder's
written order to the holder's transferee, (x) a certificate or certificates for
the whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the conversion
of such shares in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph 8, (y) any
cash adjustment required pursuant to Section 8(f), and (z) in the event of a
conversion in part, a certificate or certificates for the whole number of shares
of Series D Preferred Stock not being so converted.

 (iii) Each conversion of shares of Series D Preferred Stock
pursuant to paragraph 8(a) shall be deemed to have been effected immediately
prior to the close of business on the date on which the certificates for shares
of Series C Preferred Stock shall have been surrendered and the notice of
election to convert received by the Corporation in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Section 8 of the Series C Designation, and the person in
whose name or names any certificate or certificates for shares of Class A Common
Stock shall be issuable upon such conversion shall be deemed to have become the
holder of record of the shares of Class A Common Stock represented thereby at
such time on such date

- 8 -
 9

and such conversion shall be into a number of whole shares of Class A Common
Stock in respect of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock being converted as
determined in accordance with this Section 8 at such time on such date. All
shares of Class A Common Stock delivered upon conversion of the Series D
Preferred Stock will upon delivery be duly and validly issued and fully paid and
non-assessable, free of all liens and charges and not subject to any preemptive
rights. Upon automatic conversion of shares of Series D Preferred Stock, the
shares so converted shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights
of a holder with respect to such converted shares shall immediately terminate
except the right to receive the Class A Common Stock and other amounts payable
pursuant to this paragraph 8 and a certificate or certificates representing the
shares of Series D Preferred Stock not converted.

 (c) (i) Upon delivery to the Corporation by a holder of shares of
Series C Preferred Stock of a notice of election to convert, the right of the
Corporation to redeem the applicable shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall
terminate, regardless of whether a notice of redemption has been mailed as
aforesaid.

 (ii) If a holder of Series C Preferred Stock delivers to the
Corporation a certificate therefor and a notice of election to convert, the
Series D Preferred Stock to be converted shall cease to accrue dividends
pursuant to paragraph 4.

 (iii) Except as provided above and in paragraph 8(g), the
Corporation shall make no payment or adjustment for accrued and unpaid dividends
on shares of Series D Preferred Stock, whether or not in arrears, on conversion
of such shares or for dividends theretofore paid on the shares of Class A Common
Stock.

 (d) (i) The Corporation covenants that it will at all times reserve
and keep available, free from preemptive rights, such number of its authorized
but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock as shall be required for the purpose
of effecting conversions of the Series D Preferred Stock.

 (ii) Prior to the delivery of any securities which the
Corporation shall be obligated to deliver upon conversion of the Series D
Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall comply with all applicable federal and
state laws and regulations which require action to be taken by the Corporation.

 (e) The Corporation will pay any and all documentary stamp or similar
issue or transfer taxes payable in respect of the issue or delivery of shares of
Class A Common Stock on conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock pursuant
hereto; provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax which
may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue or delivery of
shares of Class A Common Stock in a name other than that of the holder of the
Series D Preferred Stock to be converted and no such issue or delivery shall be
made unless and until the person requesting such issue or delivery has paid to
the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has established, to the
satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

- 9 -
 10

 (f) In connection with the conversion of any shares of Series D
Preferred Stock, no fractions of shares of Class A Common Stock shall be
required to be issued to the holder of such shares of Series D Preferred Stock,
but in lieu thereof the Corporation shall pay a cash adjustment in respect of
such fractional interest in an amount equal to such fractional interest
multiplied by the Market Price per share of Class A Common Stock on the business
day next preceding the business day on which such shares of Series D Preferred
Stock are deemed to have been converted.

 (g) (i) In case the Corporation shall at any time after the Issue
Date (A) declare a dividend or make a distribution on Common Stock payable in
Common Stock (other than dividends or distributions payable to holders of the
Series D Preferred Stock including dividends paid as contemplated by Section
4(f)), (B) subdivide or split the outstanding Common Stock, (C) combine or
reclassify the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, (D)
issue any shares of its Capital Stock in a reclassification of Common Stock
(including any such reclassification in connection with a consolidation or
merger in which the Corporation is the continuing corporation), or (E)
consolidate with, or merge with or into, any other person, the Conversion Price
in effect at the time of the record date for such dividend or distribution or on
the effective date of such subdivision, split, combination, consolidation,
merger or reclassification shall be adjusted so that the conversion of the
Series D Preferred Stock after such time shall entitle the holder to receive the
aggregate number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the
Corporation (or other securities into which such shares of Common Stock have
been converted, exchanged, combined, consolidated, merged or reclassified
pursuant to clause 8(g)(i)(C), 8(g)(i)(D) or 8(g)(i)(E) above) which, if the
Series D Preferred Stock had been converted immediately prior to such time, such
holder would have owned upon such conversion and been entitled to receive by
virtue of such dividend, distribution, subdivision, split, combination,
consolidation, merger or reclassification. Such adjustment shall be made
successively whenever an event listed above shall occur.

 (ii) In case the Corporation shall issue or sell any Common
Stock (or rights, options, warrants or other securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock) without consideration or
for a consideration per share (or having a conversion, exchange or exercise
price per share) less than the Current Market Price on the date of such issuance
(or, in the case of convertible or exchangeable or exercisable securities, less
than the Current Market Price as of the date of issuance of the rights, options,
warrants or other securities in respect of which shares of Common Stock were
issued) then, and in each such case, the Conversion Price shall be reduced to an
amount determined by multiplying (A) the Conversion Price in effect on the day
immediately prior to such date by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which shall
be the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to such sale or issuance multiplied by the then applicable Current Market
Price (such Current Market Price, the "Adjustment Price") and (2) the aggregate
consideration receivable by the Corporation for the total number of shares of
Common Stock so issued (or into or for which the rights, options, warrants or
other securities are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable), and the
denominator of which shall be the sum of (x) the total number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such sale

- 10 -
 11

or issue and (y) the number of additional shares of Common Stock issued (or into
or for which the rights, options, warrants or other securities may be converted,
exercised or exchanged), multiplied by the Adjustment Price. In case any portion
of the consideration to be received by the Corporation shall be in a form other
than cash, the fair market value of such noncash consideration shall be utilized
in the foregoing computation. Such fair market value shall be determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors.

 (iii) In case the Corporation shall fix a record date for the
issuance on a pro rata basis of rights, options or warrants to the holders of
its Common Stock or other securities entitling such holders to subscribe for or
purchase shares of Common Stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock) at a price per share of Common Stock
(or having a conversion, exercise or exchange price per share of Common Stock,
in the case of a security convertible into, or exerciseable or exchangeable for,
shares of Common Stock) less than the Current Market Price on such record date,
the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such
rights, options or warrants (or conversion of such convertible securities) shall
be deemed to have been issued and outstanding as of such record date and the
Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to paragraph 8(g)(ii) hereof, as
though such maximum number of shares of Common Stock had been so issued for an
aggregate consideration payable by the holders of such rights, options, warrants
or other securities prior to their receipt of such shares of Common Stock. In
case any portion of such consideration shall be in a form other than cash, the
fair market value of such noncash consideration shall be determined as set forth
in paragraph 8(g)(ii) hereof. Such adjustment shall be made successively
whenever such record date is fixed; and in the event that such rights, options
or warrants are not so issued or expire in whole or in part unexercised, or in
the event of a change in the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
holders of such rights, options or warrants are entitled (other than pursuant to
adjustment provisions therein comparable to those contained in this paragraph
8(g)), the Conversion Price shall again be adjusted as follows: (A) in the event
that all of such rights, options or warrants expire unexercised, the Conversion
Price shall be the Conversion Price that would then be in effect if such record
date had not been fixed; (B) in the event that less than all of such rights,
options or warrants expire unexercised, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted
pursuant to paragraph 8(g)(ii) to reflect the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of such rights, options or warrants that remain
outstanding (without taking into effect shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of rights, options or warrants that have lapsed or expired); and (C) in
the event of a change in the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
holders of such rights, options or warrants are entitled, the Conversion Price
shall be adjusted to reflect the Conversion Price which would then be in effect
if such holder had initially been entitled to such changed number of shares of
Common Stock. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no further
adjustment to the Conversion Price shall be made upon the issuance or sale of
Common Stock upon the exercise of any rights, options or warrants to subscribe
for or purchase Common Stock, if any adjustment in the Conversion Price was made
or required to be made upon the record date for the issuance or sale of such
rights, options or warrants under this clause 8(g)(iii). Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, no adjustment in the Conversion Price shall be
made under this clause 8(g)(iii) to the

- 11 -
 12

extent the holders of Series D Preferred Stock participate in any such
distribution in accordance with Section 4 hereof.

 (iv) In case the Corporation shall fix a record date for the
making of a distribution to all holders of any class of Common Stock (including
any such distribution made in connection with a consolidation or merger in which
the Corporation is the continuing corporation) of evidences of indebtedness,
assets or other property, the Conversion Price to be in effect after such record
date shall be determined by multiplying the Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such record date by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which
shall be the Conversion Price immediately prior to such distribution less the
fair market value (determined as set forth in paragraph 8(g)(ii) hereof) of the
portion of the assets, other property or evidence of indebtedness so to be
distributed which is applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (B) the
denominator of which shall be the Conversion Price immediately prior to such
distribution. Such adjustments shall be made successively whenever such a record
date is fixed; and in the event that such distribution is not so made, the
Conversion Price shall again be adjusted to be the Conversion Price which would
then be in effect if such record date had not been fixed. An adjustment to the
Conversion Price also shall be made in respect of dividends and distributions
paid exclusively in cash to all holders of Common Stock (excluding any dividend
or distribution in connection with the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of
the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, and any cash that is
distributed upon a merger, consolidation or other transaction for which an
adjustment pursuant to paragraph 8(g)(i) is made) where the sum of (1) all such
cash dividends and distributions made within the preceding 12 months in respect
of which no adjustment has been made and (2) any cash and the fair market value
(determined as set forth in paragraph 8(g)(ii) hereof)of other consideration
paid in respect of any repurchases of Common Stock by the Corporation or any of
its subsidiaries within the preceding 12 months in respect of which no
adjustment has been made, exceeds 2 of the Corporation's market capitalization
(being the product of the then Current Market Price of the Common Stock times
the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding on the record
date for such distribution). The Conversion Price to be in effect after such
adjustment shall be determined by subtracting from the Conversion Price in
effect prior to such adjustment an amount equal to the quotient of (A) the sum
of clause (1) and clause (2) above and (B) the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding on the date such adjustment is to be determined. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, no adjustment in the Conversion Price shall be
made under this clause 8(g)(iv) to the extent the holders of Series D Preferred
Stock participate in any such distribution in accordance with Section 4 hereof.

 (v) No adjustment to the Conversion Price pursuant to (a)
paragraphs 8(g)(ii), 8(g)(iii) or 8(g)(iv) above shall be required unless such
adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least .50 in the
Conversion Price or (b) paragraph 8(g)(ii) above shall be required with respect
to rights, options, warrants or other securities outstanding on the Issue Date
or issued pursuant to the Company's employee benefit plans in effect on the
Issue Date or reserved for issuance thereunder as of the Issue Date or stock
options granted after the Issue Date pursuant to any stock option plans adopted
by the Board of Directors so long as such options have an exercise price not
less than the Market Price on the day preceding such grant; provided, however,
that any adjustments which by reason of this

- 12 -
 13

paragraph 8(g)(v)(a) are not required to be made shall be carried forward and
taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. All calculations under this
paragraph 8(g) shall be made to the nearest four decimal points.

 (vi) In the event that, at any time as a result of the
provisions of this paragraph 8(g), a holder of Series D Preferred Stock upon
subsequent conversion shall become entitled to receive any shares of Capital
Stock of the Corporation other than Common Stock, the number of such other
shares so receivable upon conversion of Series D Preferred Stock shall
thereafter be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms
as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions contained herein.

 (vii) If, as a result of the operation of paragraphs 8(g)(ii),
8(g)(iii) or 8(g)(iv) above and corresponding provisions in the Series C
Designation, the cumulative number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued or
issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred
Stock, after giving effect to (x) the adjustments described in such paragraphs
and corresponding provisions in the Series C Designation and (y) all prior
conversions of Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, would
equal or exceed a number (the "Threshold Number") equal to 20 of the
outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock as of the Issue Date and if the
Company receives a written opinion of its outside counsel that the issuance of
such shares in excess of the Threshold Number would violate the rules of the
Nasdaq National Market or any other exchange on which the Class A Common Stock
is then quoted or traded, then until and unless the Corporation obtains the
approval of its common stockholders for the issuance of any such shares of Class
A Common Stock in excess of the Threshold Number, the holders shall only be
entitled to exercise their conversion rights with respect to a maximum number of
Series C and Series D Preferred Stock that would not result in an amount of
shares of Class A Common Stock being issued in excess of the Threshold Number,
but in any case, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted as provided in such
paragraphs. If, as a result of the operation of the preceding sentence, the
conversion rights of the holders of Series D Preferred Stock are limited by
operation thereof because appropriate stockholder approval has not been
obtained, the Corporation agrees for the benefit of the holders of Series C
Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock to use its reasonable best efforts
to seek, as promptly as reasonably practicable, the requisite approval of its
common stockholders (and shall seek such approval as often as necessary to
obtain such approval), and will recommend to its stockholders that they vote in
favor of a resolution providing for such approval, for the amount of shares of
Class A Common Stock that would be issued or issuable upon conversion in full of
all outstanding Series C and Series D Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary set forth above, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock and
Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to exercise such holders' conversion
rights in full (after giving effect to any and all anti-dilution adjustments
resulting from operation of paragraphs 8(g)(ii), 8(g)(iii) or 8(g)(iv)) in
connection with any merger, consolidation or other transaction in which such
Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock or Class A Common Stock is
being converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property in
connection with such merger, consolidation or other transaction. In the event
that the Corporation elects to redeem the shares of Series C Preferred Stock and
Series D Preferred Stock at a time when the holders' right to convert such
shares into Class A Common

- 13 -
 14

Stock is limited as provided in this paragraph (g), and such holders seek to
exercise such conversion rights prior to the date fixed for redemption in
accordance with this Section 8 (the "Redemption Date"), then if the total number
of shares of Class A Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of such
shares, after giving effect to any adjustments provided under the first sentence
of this section (the "Cumulative Number"), would exceed the Threshold Number,
the holders shall be entitled to convert such number of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock into a number of shares of Class A
Common Stock up to the Threshold Number, and with respect to the balance of such
shares, the Corporation shall cancel such shares and shall pay the holders in
lieu thereof an amount in cash equal to (a)(i) the Cumulative Number minus (ii)
the Threshold Number multiplied by (b) the Market Price per share of Class A
Common Stock on the business day next preceding the business day which is deemed
the Redemption Date.

 (h) All adjustments pursuant to this paragraph 8 shall be
notified to the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock and such notice shall be
accompanied by a schedule of computations of the adjustments.

 9. Voting Rights. (a) The holders of record of shares of
Series D Preferred shall be entitled to vote on an as-converted basis
(calculated in accordance with Section 8(a) as of the close of trading on the
last trading day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Corporation)
with the Common Stock as a single class on all matters presented to the holders
of the Common Stock for vote, except as hereinafter provided in this Section 9
or as otherwise provided by law. So long as the provisions of Section 9(b)(i)
entitle the holders of Series D Preferred Stock to designate the Series D
Designee (as defined below), the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall not
be entitled to vote as to the election of other directors of the Corporation.

 (b) (i) On the Issue Date, the Board of Directors shall
cause the total number of directors then constituting the whole Board of
Directors to be increased by two and the holders of the outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to designate one director (the
"Series C Designee") for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation
and, voting separately as a series, shall have the exclusive right to vote for
the election of such designee to the Board of Directors, and the holders of the
outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to designate
one director (the "Series D Designee") for election to the Board of Directors of
the Corporation and, voting separately as a series, shall have the exclusive
right to vote for the election of such designee to the Board of Directors;
provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, after the Issue Date, (i) the
holders of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall continue to
be entitled to designate the Series C Designee for election to the Board of
Directors and, voting separately as a series, shall continue to have the
exclusive right to vote for the election of the Series C Designee to the Board
of Directors, and the holders of the outstanding shares of the Series D
Preferred Stock shall continue to be entitled to designate the Series D Designee
for election to the Board of Directors and, voting separately as a series, shall
continue to have the exclusive right to vote for the election of the Series D
Designee to the Board of Directors, in each case, for as long as, and only for
as long as, at least 40 of the aggregate number of shares of Series C

- 14 -
 15

Preferred Stock issued on the original date of issuance of the Series C
Preferred Stock and of shares of Series D Preferred Stock issued on the Issue
Date (such aggregate number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Series D
Preferred Stock being referred to herein as the "Total C and D Shares") remains
outstanding; (ii) the entitlement of the holders of outstanding shares of Series
D Preferred Stock to designate one director for election to the Board of
Directors, and the exclusive right of the holders of outstanding shares of
Series D Preferred Stock to vote, separately as a series, for the election of
such designee to the Board of Directors, shall cease immediately upon 20 or
less of the Total C and D Shares being outstanding, and the holders of the
outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to designate
one board observer (the "Series D Board Observer"), for as long as, and only for
as long as, 20 or less (but at least one share of Series D Preferred Stock) of
the Total C and D Shares remains outstanding; (iii) immediately upon no shares
of Series D Preferred Stock issued on the Series D Issue Date being outstanding,
the entitlement of the holders of outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock
to designate the Series D Board Observer, and the rights of such Board Observer,
shall cease; and (iv) immediately upon 20 or less of the Total C and D Shares
being outstanding, the Board of Directors shall cause the total number of
directors then constituting the whole Board of Directors to be decreased by one,
and the term of office of the Series D Designee shall terminate. The Series D
Designee may be removed with or without cause by the holders of the shares of
Series D Preferred Stock. The "Series D Board Observer" means a person who shall
not be a member of the Board of Directors and who shall have the rights as
agreed to with the Corporation, provided that such rights shall satisfy the
requirement of contractual management rights for purposes of the Department of
Labor's "plan assets" regulation.

 (ii) If and whenever the Corporation shall have failed to
discharge its Mandatory Redemption Obligation or the Corporation shall have
failed to comply with Section 9(d) hereof, the total number of directors then
constituting the whole Board of Directors automatically shall be increased by
one and the holders of outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock, voting
separately as a single series, shall be entitled to elect one additional
director to serve on the Board of Directors at any annual meeting of
stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof, or at a special meeting
of the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock called as hereinafter provided.
Whenever the Corporation shall have fulfilled its Mandatory Redemption
Obligation, then the right of the holders of the outstanding shares of the
Series D Preferred Stock to elect such additional director shall cease (but
subject always to the same provisions for the vesting of such voting rights in
the case of any future failure to fulfill any Mandatory Redemption Obligation),
and the term of office of any person elected as director by the holders of
outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to this subparagraph
(b)(ii) shall forthwith terminate and the total number of directors then
constituting the whole Board of Directors automatically shall be reduced by one.
At any time after voting power to elect one additional director shall have
become vested and be continuing in the holders of outstanding shares of Series D
Preferred Stock pursuant to this subparagraph (b)(ii), or if a vacancy shall
exist in the office of a director elected by the holders of outstanding shares
of Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to this subparagraph (b)(ii), a proper
officer of the Corporation may, and upon the written request of the holders of
record of at least twenty-five percent (25 of the shares of Series D Preferred
Stock then outstanding

- 15 -
 16

addressed to the Secretary of the Corporation shall, call a special meeting of
the holders of Series D Preferred Stock, for the purpose of electing the one
additional director which such holders are entitled to elect pursuant to this
subparagraph (b)(ii). If such meeting shall not be called by a proper officer of
the Corporation within twenty (20) days after personal service of said written
request upon the Secretary of the Corporation, or within twenty (20) days after
mailing the same within the United States by certified mail, addressed to the
Secretary of the Corporation at its principal executive offices, then the
holders of record of at least twenty-five percent (25 of the outstanding
shares of Series D Preferred Stock may designate in writing one of their number
to call such meeting at the expense of the Corporation, and such meeting may be
called by the person so designated upon the notice required for the annual
meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and shall be held at the place for
holding the annual meetings of stockholders. Any holder of Series D Preferred
Stock so designated shall have, and the Corporation shall provide, access to the
lists of stockholders to be called pursuant to the provisions hereof.

 (c) Without the written consent of holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock or the affirmative vote of
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock at a
meeting of the holders of Series D Preferred Stock called for such purpose, the
Corporation will not amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Restated
Certificate of Incorporation or this Certificate of Designation so as to
adversely affect the preferences, rights or powers of the Series D Preferred
Stock or to authorize the issuance of, or to issue any, additional shares of
Series D Preferred Stock; provided that any such amendment that changes any
dividend or other amount payable on or the liquidation preference of the Series
D Preferred Stock shall require the written consent of holders of two-thirds of
the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock or the affirmative vote of
holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock at a
meeting of the holders of Series D Preferred Stock called for such purpose.

 (d) Without the written consent of holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock or the affirmative vote of
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock at a
meeting of such holders called for such purpose, the Corporation will not
create, authorize or issue any (i) Parity Securities or (ii) Senior Securities
except Senior Securities issued in accordance with paragraph (f)(ii) of the
Certificate of Designation for the Senior Exchangeable Redeemable Preferred
Shares as in effect on December 3, 1999.

 (e) Subject to the provisions of Sections 8 and 10 hereof, the
Corporation may, without the consent of any holder of Series D Preferred Stock,
consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or
substantially all its assets as an entirety to, any Person, provided that: (1)
the successor, transferee or lessee (if not the Corporation) is organized and
existing under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof or
the District of Columbia and the Series D Preferred Stock shall be converted
into or exchanged for and shall become shares of, or interests in, such
successor, transferee or lessee, having in respect of such successor,
transferee, or lessee substantially the same powers, preferences and relative,
participating, optional or other special rights and the qualifications,
limitations or

- 16 -
 17

restrictions thereof, that the Series D Preferred Stock has immediately prior to
such transaction; and (2) the Corporation delivers to the transfer agent an
officers' certificate and an opinion of counsel stating that such consolidation,
merger, conveyance, transfer or lease complies with this Certificate of
Designation. In the event of any consolidation or merger or conveyance, transfer
or lease of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation that is
permitted pursuant to this paragraph (e), the successor resulting from such
consolidation or into which the Corporation is merged or the transferee or
lessee to which such conveyance, transfer or lease is made, will succeed to, and
be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Corporation
with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock (or shares or interests into, or
for which, the Series D Preferred Stock is converted or exchanged), and
thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the predecessor (if still in
existence) shall be released from its obligations and covenants with respect to
the Series D Preferred Stock.

 (f) In exercising the voting rights set forth in this paragraph
9, each share of Series D Preferred Stock shall have one vote per share. Except
as otherwise required by applicable law or as set forth herein, the shares of
Series D Preferred Stock shall not have any relative, participating, optional or
other special voting rights and powers and the consent of the holders thereof
shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action.

 10. Change of Control. (a) Pursuant to the Series C
Designation, within thirty days of a Change of Control (the date of such
occurrence being the "Change of Control Date"), the Corporation shall notify the
holders of the Series C Preferred Stock of such occurrence and shall be required
to make an offer (the "Offer to Purchase") to each holder of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock (subject to the rights of the holders pursuant to Section 8
hereof) to repurchase such holder's shares of Series C Preferred Stock, or such
portion thereof as may be determined by such holder, at a price per share in
cash equal to 101 of the Liquidation Preference plus, without duplication, an
amount in cash equal to all accumulated and unpaid dividends per share
(including an amount in cash equal to a prorated dividend for the period from
the last Dividend Payment Date through such date); provided that if any holders
of Series C Preferred Stock tender their shares pursuant to the Offer to
Purchase, the Corporation shall be required to purchase a proportional amount of
the Series D Preferred Stock.

 (b) The Offer to Purchase must take place on a Business Day
(the "Change of Control Payment Date") not later than 30 days following the
Change of Control Date. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Corporation
shall (A) accept for payment any Series D Preferred Stock required to be
purchased, (B) pay to the holders of shares so accepted the purchase price
therefor in cash and (C) cancel and retire each surrendered certificate. Unless
the Corporation defaults in the payment for the Series D Preferred Stock
required to be purchased pursuant to Section 10(a) hereof, dividends will cease
to accrue with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock purchased and all rights
of holders of such tendered shares will terminate, except for the right to
receive payment therefor.

- 17 -
 18

 (c) The Corporation will comply with any securities laws and
regulations, to the extent such laws and regulations are applicable to the
repurchase of the Series D Preferred Stock in connection with an Offer to
Purchase.

 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Section 10, the Company will not repurchase or redeem any such stock pursuant to
this Section 10 until it has repurchased or repaid all outstanding debt
obligations pursuant to rights triggered pursuant to the terms thereof resulting
from the Change of Control in question.

 11. Reports. So long as any of the Series D Preferred Stock is
outstanding, in the event the Corporation is not required to file quarterly and
annual financial reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Corporation will furnish
the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock with reports containing the same
information as would be required in such reports.

 12. General Provisions. (a) The term "person" as used herein
means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust,
organization, association, other entity or individual.

 (b) The term "outstanding", when used with reference to shares
of stock, shall mean issued shares, excluding shares held by the Corporation or
a subsidiary of the Corporation.

 (c) The headings of the sections, paragraphs, subparagraphs,
clauses and subclauses of this Certificate of Designation are for convenience of
reference only and shall not define, limit or affect any of the provisions
hereof.

- 18 -
 19

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. has caused this
Certificate of Designation to be signed by Gary D. Begeman, its Vice President
and Secretary, this 19 day of January, 2000.

 NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

By: /s/ Gary D. Begeman
 ------------------------------------
 Name: Gary D. Begeman
 Title: Vice President and Secretary

- 19 -

</EX-3.1.6>

<EX-4.1.3>
 4
 FORM OF STOCK CERTIFICATE RE: 6 1/2 STOCK

1

EXHIBIT 4.1.3

NUMBER SHARES
 4,000,000

 NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE 6 1/2 CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK CUSIP No. 65333H806
 STATE OF WASHINGTON (LIQUIDATION PREFERENCE 50.00 PER SHARE)

THE RIGHTS, PREFERENCES AND LIMITATIONS OF THE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE DETERMINED BY
THE CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION ESTABLISHING THE RIGHTS, PREFERENCES AND LIMITATIONS OF THIS CLASS OF SHARES, WHICH WAS APPROVED BY
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION AND FILED WITH THE SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF WASHINGTON. A COPY OF THE
CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION IS AVAILABLE FROM THE CORPORATION WITHOUT CHARGE TO SHAREHOLDERS UPON WRITTEN REQUEST.

 This
 CERTIFIES
 that

 is the owner of

FULLY PAID AND NON-ASSESSABLE SHARES OF THE 6 1/2 CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK (LIQUIDATION PREFERENCE 50.00 PER SHARE) OF

 NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

transferable on the books of the corporation by the holder hereof in person or by a duly authorized attorney upon surrender of this
certificate properly endorsed. This Certificate is not valid until countersigned and registered by the Transfer Agent and Registrar.

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the corporation has caused this Certificate to be signed by its duly authorized officers.

Dated: March 31, 1998 COUNTERSIGNED AND REGISTERED:

 AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY
 as TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

 SECRETARY VICE PRESIDENT

 /s/ R. Bruce Easter, Jr. /s/ Kathleen H. Iskra AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE

2

NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE "SECURITIES ACT") AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD,
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER
WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903
OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), OR (4) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND
IN EACH CASE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES.

 The following abbreviations, when used in the Inscription on the face of this certificate, shall be construed as though they
were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations.

TEN COM - as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT - ...................Custodian...................
TEN ENT - as tenants by the entireties (Cust) (Minor)
JT TEN - as joint tenants with right of Under Uniform Gifts to Minors
 survivorship and not as tenants in common Act............................................
 (State)

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto
PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER
 IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 shares
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
of the capital stock represented by the within Certificate, and do hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint

 Attorney
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
to transfer the said stock on the books of the within named Corporation with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated
 -----------------------------------------------
 X
 ----------------------------------------

 NOTICE: THE SIGNATURE TO THIS ASSIGNMENT MUST CORRESPOND WITH THE NAME AS
 WRITTEN UPON THE FACE OF THE CERTIFICATE IN EVERY PARTICULAR, WITHOUT
 ALTERATION OR ENLARGEMENT OR ANY CHANGE WHATEVER.

 In presence of

X
 ---------------------------------------

</EX-4.1.3>

<EX-4.1.4>
 5
 FORM OF STOCK CERTIFICATE RE: SERIES C STOCK

1
 Incorporated Under the Laws of Delaware

 Number Shares
 C-__ [GRAPHIC OF EAGLE] ____________
 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.

 Series C Cumulative Convertible Participating Preferred Stock

 .01 Par Value Per Share

THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT __________________________ is the owner of
__________________________________ fully paid and non-assessable Shares of the
above Corporation transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the
holder hereof in person or by a duly authorized Attorney upon surrender of this
Certificate properly endorsed.

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said Corporation has caused this Certificate to be
signed by its duly authorized officers and to be sealed with the Seal of the
Corporation.

Dated:
 ----------------------- -----------------------------------------
 Title: Title:

2

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT BE
SOLD OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION TO THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACT OR SUCH LAWS.

THE SALE, PLEDGE, TRANSFER, ASSIGNMENT OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS RESTRICTED BY AND SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS
OF A STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 7, 1999, A COPY OF WHICH IS
AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST FOR INSPECTION AT THE OFFICES OF THE CORPORATION. ANY
SUCH REQUEST SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO THE SECRETARY OF THE CORPORATION.

THE CORPORATION IS AUTHORIZED TO ISSUE MORE THAN ONE CLASS OR SERIES OF STOCK. A
COPY OF THE PREFERENCES, POWERS, QUALIFICATIONS AND RIGHTS OF EACH CLASS AND
SERIES WILL BE FURNISHED BY THE CORPORATION UPON WRITTEN REQUEST AND WITHOUT
CAUSE.

 The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of
this certificate, shall be construed as though they were written out in full
according to applicable laws or regulations. Additional abbreviations may also
be used though not in the list.

TEN COM -- as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT--.................Custodian.............. (Minor)
 TEN ENT -- as tenants by the entireties under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act................ (State)
 JT TEN -- as joint tenants with right of survivorship
 and not as tenants in common
For value received, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY
 OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shares represented by the within Certificate, and hereby irrevocably constitutes
and appoints ___________________________________________________________________
__________________________________________________Attorney to transfer the said
shares on the books of the within-named Corporation with full power of
substitution in the premises.

Dated,----------------------- --------------------------------------------
 In presence of

</EX-4.1.4>

<EX-4.1.5>
 6
 FORM OF STOCK CERTIFICATE RE: SERIES D STOCK

1
 Incorporated Under the Laws of Delaware

Number Shares
 D-__ [GRAPHIC OF EAGLE] ____________
 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.

 Series D Convertible Participating Preferred Stock

 .01 Par Value Per Share

THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT __________________________ is the owner of
__________________________________ fully paid and non-assessable Shares of the
above Corporation transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the
holder hereof in person or by a duly authorized Attorney upon surrender of this
Certificate properly endorsed.

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said Corporation has caused this Certificate to be
signed by its duly authorized officers and to be sealed with the Seal of the
Corporation.

Dated:
 ---------------------- ---------------------------------------------
 Title: Title:

2

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT BE
SOLD OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION TO THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACT OR SUCH LAWS.

THE SALE, PLEDGE, TRANSFER, ASSIGNMENT OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS RESTRICTED BY AND SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS
OF A STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 7, 1999, A COPY OF WHICH IS
AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST FOR INSPECTION AT THE OFFICES OF THE CORPORATION. ANY
SUCH REQUEST SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO THE SECRETARY OF THE CORPORATION.

THE CORPORATION IS AUTHORIZED TO ISSUE MORE THAN ONE CLASS OR SERIES OF STOCK. A
COPY OF THE PREFERENCES, POWERS, QUALIFICATIONS AND RIGHTS OF EACH CLASS AND
SERIES WILL BE FURNISHED BY THE CORPORATION UPON WRITTEN REQUEST AND WITHOUT
CAUSE.

 The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of
this certificate, shall be construed as though they were written out in full
according to applicable laws or regulations. Additional abbreviations may also
be used though not in the list.

TEN COM -- as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT--.................Custodian.............. (Minor)
 TEN ENT -- as tenants by the entireties under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act................ (State)
 JT TEN -- as joint tenants with right of survivorship
 and not as tenants in common
For value received, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY
 OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shares represented by the within Certificate, and hereby irrevocably constitutes
and appoints ___________________________________________________________________
__________________________________________________ Attorney to transfer the said
shares on the books of the within-named Corporation with full power of
substitution in the premises.

Dated,
 ---------------------------
 In presence of ---------------------------------------

</EX-4.1.5>

<EX-10.1>
 7
 STOCK OPTION PLAN

1

 NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
 STOCK OPTION PLAN
 (as amended on September 30, 1997, December 31, 1997, February 5, 1998,
 February 4, 1999, May 3, 1999, October 19, 1999 and February 16, 2000)

 SECTION 1. Purpose. The purpose of this Stock Option Plan (this "Plan") is
to provide a means whereby Nextlink Communications, Inc. (the "Company") or any
parent or subsidiary of the Company, as defined in Subsection 5.9 (the "related
entities"), may continue to attract, motivate and retain selected employees,
officers and independent contractors who can materially contribute to the
Company's growth and success, and to encourage stock ownership in the Company
through granting incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options, or both,
to purchase the Class A Common Stock of the Company (as defined in Section 3),
so that such key employees and other persons and entities will more closely
identify their interests with those of the Company and its shareholders. In
addition, options under this Plan may serve as replacement options for options
issued under the Equity Option Plan sponsored by the Company's predecessor.

 SECTION 2. Administration. This Plan shall be administered by the Board of
Directors of the Company (the "Board") or, in the event the Board shall appoint
or authorize a committee to administer this Plan, by such committee. The
administrator of this Plan shall hereinafter be referred to as the "Plan
Administrator."

 2.1 Procedures. The Board may designate one of the members of the Plan
Administrator as chairperson. The Plan Administrator may hold meetings at such
times and places as it shall determine. The acts of a majority of the members of
the Plan Administrator present at meetings at which a quorum exists, or acts
reduced to or approved in writing by all Plan Administrator members, shall be
valid acts of the Plan Administrator.

 2.2 Responsibilities. Except for the terms and conditions explicitly
required in this Plan, the Plan Administrator shall have the authority, in its
discretion, to determine all matters relating to the options to be granted under
this Plan, including selection of the individuals to be granted options, the
number of shares to be subject to each option, the exercise price, and all other
terms and conditions of the options. Grants under this Plan need not be
identical in any respect, even when made simultaneously. The interpretation and
construction by the Plan Administrator of any terms or provisions of this Plan
or any option issued under this Plan, or of any rule or regulation promulgated
in connection with this Plan, shall be conclusive and binding on all interested
parties, so long as such interpretation and construction with respect to
incentive stock options correspond to the requirements of Section 422 of the
Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"), as amended, and the regulations thereunder.

 2.3 Section 16(b) Compliance and Bifurcation of Plan. In the event the
Company registers any of its equity securities pursuant to Section 12(b) or
12(g) of the Exchange Act, it is the intention of the Company that this Plan,
and options granted under this Plan, comply in all respects with Rule 16b-3
under the Exchange Act and, if any Plan provision is later found not to be in
compliance with such Section, the provision shall be deemed null and void, and
in all events this Plan shall be construed in favor of its meeting the
requirements of Rule 16b-3.

Page 1 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 2

Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, the Board, in its
absolute discretion, may bifurcate this Plan so as to restrict, limit or
condition the use of any provision of this Plan to participants who are officers
and directors subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act without so
restricting, limiting or conditioning other Plan participants.

 SECTION 3. Stock Subject to This Plan. The stock subject to this Plan shall
be the Company's Class A Common Stock (the "Class A Common Stock"), presently
authorized but unissued or now held or subsequently acquired by the Company as
treasury shares. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 7 of this Plan,
the aggregate amount of Class A Common Stock to be delivered upon the exercise
of all options granted under this Plan shall not exceed 41,000,000 shares (the
"Plan Maximum") as such Class A Common Stock was constituted on the effective
date of this Plan. If any option granted under this Plan expires or is
surrendered, canceled, terminated or exchanged for another option for any reason
without having been exercised in full, the unpurchased shares subject to such
option shall again be available for purposes of this Plan, including use as
replacement options that may be granted in exchange for such surrendered,
canceled or terminated options.

 SECTION 4. Eligibility. An incentive stock option may be granted only to an
individual who, at the time the option is granted, is an employee of the Company
(or a corporate related entity, as described in Section 5.9) and who the Board
may from time to time select for participation in this Plan. Members of the
Board shall not be eligible for grants of incentive stock options unless they
are also employees of the Company. At the discretion of the Plan Administrator,
employees and independent contractors of the Company (including nonemployee
directors) or any related entity may receive nonqualified stock options.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the maximum number of shares of
Class A Common Stock with respect to which options may be granted to any
individual in any calendar year shall not exceed the Plan Maximum, as such
number may change from time to time. Any party to whom an option is granted
under this Plan shall be referred to in this Plan as an "Optionee."

 SECTION 5. Terms and Conditions of Options. Options granted under this Plan
shall be evidenced by written agreements that contain such terms, conditions,
limitations and restrictions as the Plan Administrator shall deem advisable and
which are not inconsistent with this Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
options shall include or incorporate by reference the following terms and
conditions:

 5.1 Number of Shares. The maximum number of shares that may be purchased
pursuant to the exercise of each option, which number shall be as established by
the Plan Administrator.

 5.2 Price of Shares. The price per share at which each option is
exercisable (the "exercise price") shall be as established by the Plan
Administrator, provided that the Plan Administrator shall act in good faith to
establish the exercise price as follows:

 5.2.1 Incentive Stock Options and Nonqualified Stock Options. With
respect to incentive stock options intended to qualify under Section 422 of the
Code, and subject to Subsection 5.2.2 below, the exercise price shall be not
less than the fair market value per share

Page 2 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 3

of the Class A Common Stock at the time the option is granted, except with
respect to the substitution of a new option for an old option, or an assumption
of an old option, in accordance with Code Section 424(a). With respect to
nonqualified stock options, the exercise price shall be the amount set by the
Plan Administrator.

 5.2.2 Incentive Stock Options to Greater than 10 Shareholders.
With respect to incentive stock options granted to greater than 10 shareholders
of the Company, the exercise price shall be as required by Section 6.

 5.2.3 Fair Market Value. The fair market value per share of the
Class A Common Stock for the purpose of determining the exercise price under
this Section 5.2 shall be determined as follows:

 (a) if the Common Stock is listed on any established stock
exchange or a national market system including without limitation the National
Market System of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated
Quotation ("NASDAQ") System, the fair market value shall be the closing sales
price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported), as quoted
on such system or exchange for the last market trading date prior to the time of
determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the
Plan Administrator deems reliable;

 (b) if the Common Stock is quoted on the NASDAQ System (but not
on the National Market System thereof) or regularly quoted by a recognized
securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the fair market value
shall be the mean between the high and low asked prices for the Common Stock on
the last market trading date prior to the day of determination, as reported in
The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Plan Administrator deems
reliable; or

 (c) In the absence of an established market for the Common
Stock, fair market value shall be determined by the Plan Administrator in good
faith at the time the option is granted.

 5.3 Term and Maturity. Subject to the restrictions contained in Section 6
with respect to granting incentive stock options to greater than 10 
shareholders of the Company, the term of each incentive stock option shall be 10
years from the date it is granted unless a shorter period of time is established
by the Plan Administrator, but in no event shall the term of any incentive stock
option exceed 10 years. The term of each nonqualified stock option shall be 15
years from the date it is granted, unless a shorter period of time is
established by the Plan Administrator in the individual option agreement. To
ensure that the Company or related entities will achieve the purpose and receive
the benefits contemplated in this Plan, any option granted under this Plan
shall, unless this condition is waived or modified by the Plan Administrator in
the agreement evidencing the option, or by subsequent resolution of the Plan
Administrator, be exercisable according to the following schedule:

Page 3 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 4

Period of Optionee's Continuous Relationship Portion of Total Option
With the Company or Related Entity from the Which is Exercisable
Date the Option is Granted
 
After one year 25 
After two years 50 
After three years 75 
After four years 100 

5.4 Exercise. Subject to the vesting schedule described in subsection 5.3
above, if any, and to any additional holding period required by applicable law,
each option may be exercised in whole or in part; provided, however, that only
whole shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of any option and that the
exercise price shall not be less than the par value per share of the Class A
Common Stock at the time the option is exercised. During an Optionee's lifetime,
any stock options granted under this Plan are personal to him or her and are
exercisable solely by such Optionee, except as provided in Section 5.8. Options
shall be exercised by delivery to the Company of notice of the number of shares
with respect to which the option is exercised, together with payment of the
exercise price.

 5.5 Payment of Exercise Price. Payment of the option exercise price shall
be made in full at the time the notice of exercise of the option is delivered to
the Company and shall be in cash, bank certified or cashier's check or personal
check (unless at the time of exercise the Plan Administrator in a particular
case determines not to accept a personal check) for the Class A Common Stock
being purchased.

 The Plan Administrator can determine at the time the option is granted
for incentive stock options, or at any time before exercise for nonqualified
stock options, that additional forms of payment will be permitted, including
installment payments on such terms and over such period as the Plan
Administrator may determine in its discretion. To the extent permitted by the
Plan Administrator and applicable laws and regulations (including, but not
limited to, federal tax and securities laws and regulations and state corporate
law), an option may be exercised by:

 (a) delivery of shares of stock of the Company held by an Optionee having
a fair market value equal to the exercise price, such fair market value to be
determined in good faith by the Plan Administrator;

 (b) delivery of a full-recourse promissory note executed by the Optionee,
provided that (i) such note delivered in connection with an incentive stock
option shall, and such note delivered in connection with a nonqualified stock
option may, in the sole discretion of the Plan Administrator, bear interest at a
rate specified by the Plan Administrator but in no case less than the rate
required to avoid imputation of interest (taking into account any exceptions to
the imputed interest rules) for federal income tax purposes; (ii) the Plan
Administrator in its sole discretion shall specify the term and other provisions
of such note at the time an incentive stock

Page 4 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 5

option is granted or at any time prior to exercise of a nonqualified stock
option; (iii) the Plan Administrator may require that the Optionee pledge the
Optionee's shares to the Company for the purpose of securing the payment of such
note and may require that the certificate representing such shares be held in
escrow in order to perfect the Company's security interest; (iv) the note
provides that 90 days following the Optionee's termination of employment with
the Company or a related entity, the entire outstanding balance under the note
shall become due and payable, if not previously due and payable; and (v) the
Plan Administrator in its sole discretion may at any time restrict or rescind
this right upon notification to the Optionee;

 (c) delivery of a properly executed exercise notice, together with
irrevocable instructions to a broker, all in accordance with the regulations of
the Federal Reserve Board, to promptly deliver to the Company the amount of sale
or loan proceeds to pay the exercise price and any federal, state or local
withholding tax obligations that may arise in connection with the exercise;
provided, that the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, may at any time
determine that this Subparagraph (c), to the extent the instructions to the
broker call for an immediate sale of the shares, shall not be applicable to any
Optionee who is subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act if such transaction
would result in a violation of Section 16(b), or is not an employee at the time
of exercise;

 (d) delivery of a properly executed exercise notice, together with a
request by the Optionee for the Company to pay the exercise price by withholding
from the shares that would otherwise be issued that number of shares having a
fair market value equal to the option exercise price; provided, the Plan
Administrator retains complete discretion to honor or deny the Optionee's
request for such a method of exercise.

 5.6 Shareholders' Agreement. To the extent required by the Plan
Administrator upon exercise of an option the Optionee shall agree to enter into
and be bound by the agreement then in effect, if any, between the Company and
its shareholders relating to the repurchase by the Company of its outstanding
Class A Common Stock.

 5.7 Withholding Tax Requirement. The Company or any related entity shall
have the right to retain and withhold from any payment of cash or Class A Common
Stock under this Plan the amount of taxes required by any government to be
withheld or otherwise deducted and paid with respect to such payment. At its
discretion, the Company may require an Optionee receiving shares of Class A
Common Stock to reimburse the Company or a related entity for any such taxes
required to be withheld and may withhold any distribution in whole or in part
until the Company, or related entity, is so reimbursed. In lieu of such
withholding or reimbursement, the Company (or related entity) shall have the
right to withhold from any other cash amounts due or to become due from the
Company (or related entity) to the Optionee an amount equal to such taxes or to
retain and withhold a number of shares having a market value not less than the
amount of such taxes required to be withheld as reimbursement for any such taxes
and cancel (in whole or in part) any such shares so withheld.

 5.8 Nontransferability of Option. Options granted under this Plan and the
rights and privileges conferred by this Plan may not be transferred, assigned,
pledged or hypothecated in any manner (whether by operation of law or otherwise)
other than by will or by the applicable

Page 5 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 6

laws of descent and distribution; provided, with respect to a non-qualified
stock option, an Optionee may transfer the option to a revocable trust created
by the Optionee for the benefit of his or her descendants, to an immediate
family member or to a partnership in which only immediate family members or such
trusts are partners. Options under this Plan shall not be subject to execution,
attachment or similar process. Any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge,
hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any option under this Plan or of any right
or privilege conferred by this Plan, contrary to the Code or to the provisions
of this Plan, or the sale or levy or any attachment or similar process upon the
rights and privileges conferred by this Plan shall be null and void.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Optionee may during the Optionee's lifetime,
designate a person who may exercise the option after the Optionee's death by
giving written notice of such designation to the Plan Administrator. Such
designation may be changed from time to time by the Optionee by giving written
notice to the Plan Administrator revoking any earlier designation and making a
new designation.

 5.9 Termination of Relationship. If the Optionee's employment
relationship with the Company or any related entity ceases for any reason other
than termination for cause, death or permanent and total disability, and unless
by its terms the option sooner terminates or expires, then the Optionee may
exercise, for a period of three months after such cessation, that portion of the
Optionee's option which is exercisable at the time of such cessation. The
Optionee's option, however, shall terminate at the end of the three month period
following such cessation as to all Shares for which it has not been exercised,
unless such provision is waived in the agreement evidencing the option or by
resolution adopted by the Plan Administrator. If, in the case of an incentive
stock option, an Optionee's relationship with the Company or related entity
changes (i.e., from employee to nonemployee, such as a consultant), such change
shall constitute a termination of an Optionee's employment with the Company or
related entity and the Optionee's incentive stock option shall terminate in
accordance with this subsection. Upon the expiration of the three month period
following cessation of employment, the Plan Administrator shall have sole
discretion in a particular circumstance to extend the exercise period following
such cessation beyond that specified above. If, however, in the case of an
incentive stock option, the Optionee does not exercise the Optionee's option
within three months after cessation of employment, the option will no longer
qualify as an incentive stock option under the Code.

 Upon an Optionee's termination of employment for cause, all of the
optionee's outstanding (i.e., unexercised) options issued under this Plan shall
immediately expire and no longer be available for exercise. For purposes of this
Section 5.9, a termination shall be considered for "cause" if the termination is
attributable to the Optionee's: (a) Embezzlement; (b) use of illegal drugs or
alcohol that materially impairs the Optionee's ability to fulfill his or her
duties as an employee or independent contractor; (c) willful disclosure of trade
secrets or confidential information of the Company; (d) dishonesty which results
in substantial harm to the Company; or (e) conviction or confession of a
criminal felony.

 If an Optionee's relationship with the Company or any related entity
ceases because of a permanent and total disability, the Optionee's option shall
not terminate, and in the case of an incentive stock option, shall not cease to
be treated as an incentive stock option, until the end of the 12-month period
following such cessation (unless by its terms it sooner terminates

Page 6 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 7

and expires). As used in this Plan, the term "permanent and total disability"
has the same meaning provided in Code Section 22(e)(3).

 For purposes of this subsection 5.9, a transfer of relationship between
or among the Company and/or any related entity shall not be deemed to constitute
a cessation of relationship with the Company or any of its related entities. For
purposes of this subsection 5.9, with respect to incentive stock options,
employment shall be deemed to continue while the Optionee is on military leave,
sick leave or other bona fide leave of absence (as determined by the Plan
Administrator). The foregoing notwithstanding, employment shall not be deemed to
continue beyond the first 90 days of such leave, unless the Optionee's
reemployment rights are guaranteed by statute or by contract.

 As used in this Plan, the term "related entity," when referring to a
subsidiary, shall mean any business entity (other than the Company) which, at
the time of the granting of the option, is in an unbroken chain of entities
ending with the Company, if stock or voting interests possessing 50 or more of
the total combined voting power of all classes of stock or other ownership
interests of each of the entities other than the Company is owned by one of the
other entities in such chain. When referring to a parent entity, the term
"related entity" shall mean any entity in an unbroken chain of entities ending
with the Company if, at the time of the granting of the option, each of the
entities other than the Company owns stock or other ownership interests
possessing 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of
stock (or other ownership interests) in one of the other entities in such chain.
In addition, with respect to an incentive stock option, the definition of
"related entity" as used in this Plan shall apply by only considering entities
that are corporations.

 5.10 Death of Optionee. If an Optionee dies while he or she has a
relationship with the Company or any related entity or dies within the three
month period (or 12-month period in the case of totally disabled Optionees)
following cessation of such relationship, any option held by such Optionee to
the extent that the Optionee would have been entitled to exercise such option,
may be exercised within one year after his or her death by the personal
representative of his or her estate or by the person or persons to whom the
Optionee's rights under the option shall pass by will or by the applicable laws
of descent and distribution.

 5.11 Status of Shareholder. Neither the Optionee nor any party to which
the Optionee's rights and privileges under the option may pass shall be, or have
any of the rights or privileges of, a shareholder of the Company with respect to
any of the shares issuable upon the exercise of any option granted under this
Plan unless and until such option has been exercised.

 5.12 Continuation of Employment. Nothing in this Plan or in any option
granted pursuant to this Plan shall confer upon any Optionee any right to
continue in the employ of the Company or of a related entity, or to interfere in
any way with the right of the Company or of any related entity to terminate his
or her employment or other relationship with the Company or a related entity at
any time.

 5.13 Modification and Amendment of Option. Subject to the requirements of
Code Section 422 with respect to incentive stock options and to the terms and
conditions and within

Page 7 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 8

the limitations of this Plan, the Plan Administrator may modify or amend
outstanding options granted under this Plan. The modification or amendment of an
outstanding option shall not, without the consent of the Optionee, impair or
diminish any of his or her rights or any of the obligations of the Company under
such option. Except as otherwise provided in this Plan, no outstanding option
shall be terminated without the consent of the Optionee. Unless the Optionee
agrees otherwise, any changes or adjustments made to outstanding incentive stock
options granted under this Plan shall be made in such a manner so as not to
constitute a "modification" as defined in Code Section 424(h) and so as not to
cause any incentive stock option issued hereunder to fail to continue to qualify
as an incentive stock option as defined in Code Section 422(b).

 5.14 Limitation on Value for Incentive Stock Options. As to all incentive
stock options granted under the terms of this Plan, to the extent that the
aggregate fair market value (determined at the time the incentive stock option
is granted) of the stock with respect to which incentive stock options are
exercisable for the first time by the Optionee during any calendar year (under
this Plan and all other incentive stock option plans of the Company, a related
entity or a predecessor corporation) exceeds 100,000, those options (or the
portion of an option) beyond the 100,000 threshold shall be treated as
nonqualified stock options. The previous sentence shall not apply if the
Internal Revenue Service publicly rules, issues a private ruling to the Company,
any Optionee, or any legatee, personal representative or distributee of an
Optionee or issues regulations changing or eliminating such annual limit.

 SECTION 6. Greater Than 10 Shareholders.

 6.1 Exercise Price and Term of Incentive Stock Options. If incentive
stock options are granted under this Plan to employees who own more than 10 of
the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any
related entity, the term of such incentive stock options shall not exceed five
years and the exercise price shall be not less than 110 of the fair market
value of the Class A Common Stock at the time the incentive stock option is
granted. This provision shall control notwithstanding any contrary terms
contained in an option agreement or any other document.

 6.2 Attribution Rule. For purposes of subsection 6.1, in determining
stock ownership, an employee shall be deemed to own the stock owned, directly or
indirectly, by or for his brothers, sisters, spouse, ancestors and lineal
descendants. Stock owned, directly or indirectly, by or for a corporation,
partnership, estate or trust shall be deemed to be owned proportionately by or
for its shareholders, partners or beneficiaries. If an employee or a person
related to the employee owns an unexercised option or warrant to purchase stock
of the Company, the stock subject to that portion of the option or warrant which
is unexercised shall not be counted in determining stock ownership. For purposes
of this Section 6, stock owned by an employee shall include all stock actually
issued and outstanding immediately before the grant of the incentive stock
option to the employee.

 SECTION 7. Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization. The aggregate number
and class of shares for which options may -be granted under this Plan, the
number and class of shares covered by each outstanding option and the exercise
price per share thereof (but not the total

Page 8 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 9

price), and each such option, shall all be proportionately adjusted for any
increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Class A Common Stock of
the Company resulting from a split-up or consolidation of shares or any like
capital adjustment, or the payment of any stock dividend.

 7.1 Effect of Liquidation, Reorganization or Change in Control.

7.1.1 Cash, Stock or Other Property for Stock. Except as provided
in subsection 7.1.2, upon a merger (other than a merger of the Company in which
the holders of Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the merger have the
same proportionate ownership of Class A Common Stock in the surviving
corporation immediately after the merger), consolidation, acquisition of
property or stock, separation, reorganization (other than a mere reincorporation
or the creation of a holding company) or liquidation of the Company, as a result
of which the shareholders of the Company receive cash, stock or other property
in exchange for or in connection with their shares of Class A Common Stock, any
option granted under this Plan shall terminate. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Optionee shall have the right immediately prior to any such merger,
consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, separation, reorganization or
liquidation to exercise such option in whole or in part, to the extent the
vesting requirements set forth in this Plan have been satisfied, unless stated
otherwise in the Optionee's individual option agreement.

 7.1.2 Conversion of Options on Stock for Stock Exchange. If the
shareholders of the Company receive capital stock of another corporation
("Exchange Stock") in exchange for their shares of Class A Common Stock in any
transaction involving a merger (other than a merger of the Company in which the
holders of Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the merger have the same
proportionate ownership of common stock in the surviving corporation immediately
after the merger), consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, separation
or reorganization (other than a mere reincorporation or the creation of a
holding company), all options granted under this Plan shall be converted into
options to purchase shares of Exchange Stock unless the Company and the
corporation issuing the Exchange Stock, in their sole discretion, determine that
any or all such options granted under this Plan shall not be converted into
options to purchase shares of Exchange Stock, but instead shall terminate in
accordance with the provisions of subsection 7.1.1. The amount and price of
converted options shall be determined by adjusting the amount and price of the
options granted under this Plan in the same proportion as used for determining
the number of shares of Exchange Stock the holders of the Class A Common Stock
receive in such merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock,
separation or reorganization. Unless accelerated by the Board, the vesting
schedule set forth in the option agreement shall continue to apply for the
Exchange Stock.

 7.1.3 Change in Control.

 (a) In the event of a "Change in Control", as defined in Section
 7.1.4(b) below, of the Company, except as provided in Section 7.1.3(b) or
 unless otherwise determined by the Board prior to the occurrence of such a
 Change in Control, any options or portions of such options outstanding as of
 the date such a Change in Control is determined to have occurred that are
 not yet fully vested shall not become fully vested merely by the occurrence
 of a Change in Control.

Page 9 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 10

 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 7.1.3(a), each
 outstanding option granted prior to February 16, 2000 (other than those
 options described in Section 7.1.3.(d)) shall be deemed to be amended to
 provide that, and each option granted on or after such date shall provide
 that, unless otherwise expressly determined in a resolution duly adopted by
 the Board on the date of grant or such later date on which the Board may
 ratify such grant, such option shall (1) if the Optionee is a Nonaffiliate
 Director, immediately become fully exercisable upon the occurrence of an
 Acceleration Change of Control of the Company or (2) if the Optionee is
 recognized by the Company or any of the related entities as a regular full
 time employee who is subject to U.S. income tax withholding, immediately
 become fully exercisable upon the termination of the Optionee's employment
 by the Company or any of the related entities without Cause during the
 Accelerated Vesting Period or, in the case of an Optionee who is an
 Executive, upon the termination of the Optionee's employment by the Optionee
 for Good Reason during the Accelerated Vesting Period; provided, however,
 that this Section 7.1.3(b) shall be deemed void ab initio and shall be of no
 force or effect, if it should be determined that any such provision would
 prevent a proposed merger or other business combination that is intended by
 the parties thereto to be accounted for as a pooling of interests from being
 so accounted for.

 (c) With respect to options that, as of February 16, 2000, incorporate
 a definition of change of control that provides for accelerated vesting
 solely in the event that Craig O. McCaw, or an entity or entities he
 controls, no longer controls a majority of the votes of the Company (or
 language to that effect), Section 7.1.3(b) shall supplement such provision
 and each holder of such an option shall be entitled to the benefits of
 Section 7.1.3(b), but Section 7.1.3(b) shall not be deemed to modify,
 replace or impair such options' existing change of control provisions.

 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 7.1.3(b),
 Section 7.1.3(b) shall not apply to the following options granted prior to
 February 16, 2000:

 (i) options granted to any employee whose employment
 relationship is subject, as of February 16, 2000, to severance in
 connection with the relocation of the Company's headquarters from
 Bellevue, Washington to Reston, Virginia, where such employee is entitled
 to benefits under the NEXTLINK Headquarters Relocation Retention and
 Severance Pay Plan and Summary Plan Description for Headquarters
 Personnel;

 (ii) options granted to any employee whose employment
 relationship is subject, as of February 16, 2000, to severance in
 connection with the reorganization and restructuring of the Company's
 regional divisions, where such employee is entitled to benefits under the
 NEXTLINK Severance Pay Plan and Summary Plan Description; and

Page 10 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 11

 (iii) options (A) that, by their terms, incorporate the definition
 of "Change in Control" set forth in Section 7.1.4(b) of this Plan as in
 effect prior to the February 16, 2000 amendment thereto and provide for
 accelerated vesting upon the occurrence of such a "Change in Control", or
 (B) that provide for acceleration upon a change of control pursuant to
 the terms of an employment agreement or otherwise, excluding those
 options referenced in Section 7.1.3(c).

 7.1.4 Definitions.

 (a) For purposes of Section 7.1.3, the following defined terms shall
 have the following meanings:

 "Acceleration Change of Control" shall mean the occurrence of any of the
following events:

 (A) The Company is merged or consolidated or reorganized into or with
 another company or other legal entity, other than a merger or
 consolidation or reorganization into or with an entity that is an
 affiliate of Craig O. McCaw, and as a result of such merger,
 consolidation or reorganization less than a majority of the
 combined voting power of the then-outstanding securities of such
 company or person immediately after such transaction is held
 directly or indirectly in the aggregate by the holders of voting
 securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale or
 transfer, including voting securities issuable upon exercise or
 conversion of options, warrants or other securities or rights;

 (B) The Company sells or otherwise transfers all or substantially all
 of its assets to any other company or other legal entity, other
 than such a sale or transfer to a company or legal entity that is
 an affiliate of Craig O. McCaw, and as a result of such sale or
 other transfer of assets, less than a majority of the combined
 voting power of the then-outstanding securities of such company or
 person immediately after such sale or transfer is held directly or
 indirectly in the aggregate by the holders of voting securities of
 the Company immediately prior to such sale or transfer, including
 voting securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of options,
 warrants or other securities or rights;

 (C) There is a report filed on Schedule 13D or Schedule 14D-1 (or any
 successor schedule, form or report), each as promulgated pursuant
 to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
 Act"), disclosing that any person (as the term "person" is used in
 Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) other
 than Craig O. McCaw and his affiliates has become the beneficial
 owner (as the term "beneficial owner" is defined under Rule 13d-3
 or any successor rule or regulation promulgated under the Exchange
 Act) of securities representing 50 or more of the voting
 securities of the Company, including voting

Page 11 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 12

 securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of options,
 warrants or other securities or rights;

 (D) The Company files a report or proxy statement with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act disclosing in
 response to Form 8-K or Schedule 14A (or any successor schedule,
 form or report or item therein) that a change in control of the
 Company has occurred;

 (E) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of subparagraphs (C) and
 (D) hereof, an "Acceleration Change of Control" shall not be
 deemed to have occurred solely because (x) the Company, (y) an
 entity in which the Company directly or indirectly beneficially
 owns 50 or more of the voting securities, or (z) any
 Company-sponsored employee stock ownership plan or other employee
 benefit plan of the Company, either files or becomes obligated to
 file a report or proxy statement under or in response to Schedule
 13D, Schedule 14D-1, Form 8-K or Schedule 14A (or any successor
 schedule, form or report or item therein) under the Exchange Act,
 disclosing beneficial ownership by it of voting securities,
 whether in excess of 50 or otherwise, or because the Company
 reports that a change of control of the Company has or may have
 occurred or will or may occur in the future by reason of such
 beneficial ownership;

 (F) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of subparagraphs (A)
 through (D) above, no Acceleration Change of Control shall result
 from a merger, consolidation or reorganization of the Company with
 any entity in which Eagle River Investments, L.L.C. has invested
 at least 10,000,000 in equity prior to such merger, consolidation
 or reorganization.

 "Accelerated Vesting Period" means the period beginning on the effective
date of an Acceleration Change of Control and ending on the first anniversary of
such effective date.

 "Cause" means (i) the conviction of a felony involving an intentional act
of fraud, embezzlement or theft in connection with one's duties or otherwise in
the course of one's employment with an Employer, (ii) the intentional and
wrongful damaging of property, contractual interests or business relationships
of an Employer, (iii) the intentional and wrongful disclosure of secret
processes or confidential information of an Employer in violation of an
agreement with or a policy of an Employer, or (iv) intentional conduct contrary
to an Employer's announced policies or practices (including those contained in
the Corporation's Employee Handbook) where either:

 (A) the nature and/or severity of the conduct or its consequences
 typically would have resulted in immediate termination based on
 the Corporation's established employee termination or disciplinary
 practices in place on the Reference Date; or

Page 12 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 13

 (B) the employee has been provided with written notice detailing the
 relevant policy or practice and the nature of the objectionable
 conduct or other violation, and within 20 business days of the
 receipt of such notice the employee has not remedied the violation
 or ceased to engage in the objectionable conduct.

 "Executive" means any individual employed by the Company or any of the
related entities in a position having a salary grade of EX3, EX2 or EX1 (as the
Company's salary grades are established and in existence on February 16, 2000,
and adjusting as appropriate for any changes to the Company's system of
classifying its employees by salary grades implemented subsequent to such date).

 "Good Reason" means that an Executive shall have made a good faith
determination that one or more of the following has occurred:

 (i) any significant and adverse change in the Executive's duties,
 responsibilities and authority, as compared in each case to the
 corresponding circumstances in place on the Reference Date;

 (ii) a relocation of the Executive's principal work location as
 established on the Reference Date to a location that is more than
 30 miles away from such location;

 (iii) a reduction in the Executive's salary or bonus potential that is
 not in either case agreed to by the Executive, or any other
 significant adverse financial consequences associated with the
 Executive's employment as compared to the corresponding
 circumstances in place on the Reference Date; or

 (iv) a breach by any Employer of its obligations under any agreement to
 which the Employer and the Executive are parties that is not cured
 within 20 business days following the Employer's receipt of a
 written notice from the Executive specifying the particulars of
 such breach in reasonable detail.

 "Nonaffiliate Director" means a person who (i) is serving (or who has
been elected or appointed and has agreed to serve) as a member of the Board,
(ii) is not an officer or employee of the Company or any of the related entities
or a beneficial owner of 10 percent or more of the outstanding common stock of
the Company and (iii) was not elected or appointed as a member of the Board
pursuant to or in connection with any contractual or other commitment on the
part of the Company to cause such person to be elected or appointed, or to
nominate or otherwise advance such person for election or appointment, as a
member of the Board.

 "Reference Date" means the day before the effective date of any
Acceleration Change of Control of the Company.

Page 13 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 14

 (b) Solely with respect to options outstanding as of February 16, 2000
 in which the grant agreement evidencing such option incorporates the
 definition of "Change in Control" set forth in this Plan as in effect prior
 to this amendment and provide for accelerated vesting upon the occurrence of
 such a "Change of Control", the following definition shall apply:

 A "Change in Control" shall mean (a) the first approval by the Board or
by the stockholders of the Company of an Extraordinary Event, (b) a Purchase, or
(c) a Board Change.

 An "Extraordinary Event", for purposes of Section 7.1.4(b), shall mean
any of the following actions:

 (i) any consolidation or merger of the Company in which the Company is
 not the continuing or surviving corporation or pursuant to which shares of
 Class A Common Stock would be converted into cash, securities or other
 property, other than a merger of the Company in which the holders of common
 stock immediately prior to the merger have substantially the same
 proportionate ownership of common stock of the surviving corporation
 immediately after the merger;

 (ii) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or
 a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, the assets
 of the Company; or

 (iii) the adoption of any plan or proposal for liquidation or
 dissolution of the Company.

 A "Purchase", for purposes of Section 7.1.4(b), shall mean the
acquisition by any person (as such term is defined in Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act) of any shares of Class A Common Stock or securities convertible
into Class A Common Stock) without the prior approval of a majority of the
Continuing Directors (as defined below) of the Company, if after making such
acquisition such person is the beneficial owner (as such term is defined in Rule
13d-3 under the Exchange Act) directly or indirectly of securities of the
Company representing 20 or more of the combined voting power of the Company's
then outstanding securities (calculated as provided in paragraph (d) of such
Rule 13d-3).

 A "Board Change", for purposes of Section 7.1.4(b), shall have occurred
if individuals who constitute the Board of the Company at the time of adoption
of this Plan (the "Continuing Directors") cease for any reason to constitute at
least a majority of the Board, provided that any person becoming a Director
subsequent to the date of adoption of this Plan whose nomination for election
was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Continuing Directors (other
than a nomination of an individual whose initial assumption of office is in
connection with an actual threatened election contest relating to the election
of the Directors of the Company, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of
Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act) shall be deemed to be a Continuing
Director.

Page 14 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 15

 7.2 Fractional Shares. In the event of any adjustment in the number of
shares covered by any option, any fractional shares resulting from such
adjustment shall be disregarded and each such option shall cover only the number
of full shares resulting from such adjustment.

 7.3 Determination of Board to Be Final. All Section 7 adjustments shall
be made by the Board, and its determination as to what adjustments shall be
made, and the extent of such adjustments, shall be final, binding and
conclusive. Unless an Optionee agrees otherwise, any change or adjustment to an
incentive stock option shall be made in such a manner so as not to constitute a
"modification" as defined in Code Section 424(h) and so as not to cause his or
her incentive stock option issued under this Plan to fail to continue to qualify
as an incentive stock option as defined in Code Section 422(b).

 SECTION 8. Securities Regulation. Shares shall not be issued with respect
to an option granted under this Plan unless the exercise of such option and the
issuance and delivery of such shares pursuant to the exercise of such option
shall comply with all relevant provisions of law, including, without limitation,
any applicable state securities laws, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the
requirements of any stock exchange upon which the shares may then be listed, and
shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect
to such compliance, including the availability of an exemption from registration
for the issuance and sale of any shares under this Plan. Inability of the
Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, the authority
deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary for the lawful issuance and sale
of any shares under this Plan or the unavailability of an exemption from
registration for the issuance and sale of any shares under this Plan shall
relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the nonissuance or sale of
such shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.

 As a condition to the exercise of an option, the Company may require the
Optionee to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the
shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention
to sell or distribute such shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company,
such a representation is required by any relevant provision of the
aforementioned laws. At the option of the Company, a stop-transfer order against
any shares of stock may be placed on the official stock books and records of the
Company, and a legend indicating that the stock may not be pledged, sold or
otherwise transferred unless an opinion of counsel is provided (concurred in by
counsel for the Company) stating that such transfer is not in violation of any
applicable law or regulation, may be stamped on stock certificates in order to
assure exemption from registration. The Plan Administrator may also require such
other action or agreement by the Optionees as may from time to time be necessary
to comply with the federal and state securities laws. THIS PROVISION SHALL NOT
OBLIGATE THE COMPANY TO UNDERTAKE REGISTRATION OF THE OPTIONS OR STOCK
HEREUNDER.

 Should any of the Company's capital stock of the same class as the stock
subject to options granted under this Plan be listed on a national securities
exchange, all stock issued under this Plan if not previously listed on such
exchange shall be authorized by that exchange for listing on such exchange prior
to the issuance of such stock.

Page 15 - STOCK OPTION PLAN
 16

 SECTION 9. Amendment and Termination.

 9.1 Board Action. The Board may at any time suspend, amend or terminate
this Plan, provided that except as set forth in Section 7, the approval of the
Company's shareholders is necessary within 12 months before or after the
adoption by the Board of any amendment which will:

 (a) increase the number of shares which are to be reserved for the
issuance of options under this Plan;

 (b) permit the granting of stock options to a class of persons
other than those presently permitted to receive stock options under this Plan;
or

 (c) require shareholder approval under applicable law, including
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.

 Any amendment to this Plan that would constitute a "modification"
to incentive stock options outstanding on the date of such amendment shall not
be applicable to outstanding incentive stock options, but shall have prospective
effect only, unless individual Optionees agree otherwise.

 9.2 Automatic Termination. Unless sooner terminated by the Board, this
Plan shall terminate ten years from the earlier of (a) the date on which this
Plan is adopted by the Board or (b) the date on which this Plan is approved by
the shareholders of the Company. No option may be granted after such termination
or during any suspension of this Plan. The amendment or termination of this Plan
shall not, without the consent of the option holder, alter or impair any rights
or obligations under any option previously granted under this Plan.

 SECTION 10. Effectiveness of This Plan. This Plan shall become effective
upon adoption by the Board so long as it is approved by the Company's
shareholders any time within 12 months before or after the adoption of this
Plan.

Page 16 - STOCK OPTION PLAN

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.3>
 8
 CHANGE OF CONTROL RETENTION BONUS

1
 EXHIBIT 10.3

 NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
 CHANGE OF CONTROL RETENTION BONUS AND SEVERANCE PAY PLAN

 1. General Statement of Purpose. The Board of Directors (the "Board") of
NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. (the "Company") has considered the effect that a
change of control of the Company may have on key employees of the Company and
its subsidiaries. Given the level of acquisition and change of control activity
in today's business environment, the Board recognizes and understands the
concerns such employees have for their careers. The possible occurrence of a
change-of-control transaction may cause key employees to consider major career
changes in an effort to assure financial security for themselves and their
families. The Company desires to assure fair treatment of its key employees in
the event of a change of control and to allow them to make critical career
decisions without undue time pressure and financial uncertainty, thereby
increasing their willingness to remain with the Company notwithstanding the
outcome of a possible change-of-control transaction.

 The Company recognizes that the possibility of a change of control exists
and desires to assure itself of both the present and future continuity of
management, desires to establish certain retention and severance benefits for
certain of its Covered Employees (as defined below) applicable in a change of
control, and wishes to insure that its Covered Employees are not practically
disabled from discharging their duties in respect of a proposed or actual
transaction involving a change of control.

 2. Effective and Termination Dates. The Plan shall be effective as of
February 16, 2000 (the "Effective Date"). The Plan will automatically terminate
when all benefits payable hereunder have been paid.

 3. Definitions. Where the following words and phrases appear in the Plan,
they shall have the respective meanings set forth below:

 (a) "Base Salary" means, with respect to each Covered Employee, the annual
base salary, exclusive of any bonus, special pay (including any retention pay)
or other benefits he or she may receive, but without giving effect to any salary
reductions authorized by the Covered Employee under any qualified or
non-qualified deferred compensation plan of an Employer, in effect (i) on the
date immediately preceding the date of the relevant Change of Control or (ii) on
the date of the Covered Employee's termination of employment with his or her
Employer, whichever is the highest.

 (b) "Cause" shall mean with respect to any Covered Employee:

 (i) conviction of a felony involving an intentional act of fraud,
 embezzlement or theft in connection with his employment with an Employer;

 (ii) intentional wrongful damage to property, contractual interests or
 business relationships of an Employer;

 1
 2

 (iii) intentional wrongful disclosure of secret processes or
 confidential information of an Employer in violation of any agreement with
 or policy of the Employer; or

 (iv) conduct contrary to an Employer's announced policies or practices
 (including those contained in the Corporation's Employee Handbook) where
 either:

 (A) the nature and/or severity of the conduct or its consequences
 typically would have resulted in immediate termination based on
 the Corporation's established employee termination or
 disciplinary practices in place before the Reference Date (as
 defined in Section 3(h)(i) below); or

 (B) the Covered Employee has been provided with written notice
 detailing the relevant policy or practice and the nature of the
 objectionable conduct or other violation and within 20 business
 days of the receipt of such notice the Covered Employee has not
 remedied the violation or ceased to engage in the objectionable
 conduct.

For purposes of the Plan, no act or failure to act on the part of the Covered
Employee shall be deemed "intentional" if it was due primarily to an error in
judgment or negligence, but shall be deemed "intentional" only if done or
omitted to be done by the Covered Employee not in good faith and without
reasonable belief that his action or omission was in the best interest of his or
her Employer. Nothing herein will limit the right of the Covered Employee or his
beneficiaries to contest the validity or propriety of any such determination.

 (c) "Change of Control" shall mean the occurrence of any of the following
events:

 (A) The Company is merged or consolidated or reorganized into or
 with another company or other legal entity, other than a merger
 or consolidation or reorganization into or with an entity that
 is an affiliate of Craig O. McCaw, and as a result of such
 merger, consolidation or reorganization less than a majority of
 the combined voting power of the then-outstanding securities of
 such company or person immediately after such transaction is
 held directly or indirectly in the aggregate by the holders of
 voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale
 or transfer, including voting securities issuable upon exercise
 or conversion of options, warrants or other securities or
 rights;

 (B) The Company sells or otherwise transfers all or substantially
 all of its assets to any other company or other legal entity,
 other than such a sale or transfer to a company or legal entity
 that is an affiliate of Craig O. McCaw, and as a result of such
 sale or other transfer of assets, less than a majority of the
 combined voting power of the then-outstanding securities of such
 company or person immediately after such sale or transfer is
 held directly or indirectly in the aggregate by the holders of
 voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale
 or transfer, including voting securities issuable upon exercise
 or conversion of options, warrants or other securities or
 rights;

 2
 3

 (C) There is a report filed on Schedule 13D or Schedule 14D-1 (or
 any successor schedule, form or report), each as promulgated
 pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 "Exchange Act"), disclosing that any person (as the term
 "person" is used in Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the
 Exchange Act) other than Craig O. McCaw and his affiliates has
 become the beneficial owner (as the term "beneficial owner" is
 defined under Rule 13d-3 or any successor rule or regulation
 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of securities representing
 50 or more of the voting securities of the Company, including
 voting securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of
 options, warrants or other securities or rights;

 (D) The Company files a report or proxy statement with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act
 disclosing in response to Form 8-K or Schedule 14A (or any
 successor schedule, form or report or item therein) that a
 change in control of the Company has occurred;

 (E) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of subparagraphs (C)
 and (D) hereof, a "Change of Control" shall not be deemed to
 have occurred solely because (x) the Company, (y) an entity in
 which the Company directly or indirectly beneficially owns 50 
 or more of the voting securities, or (z) any Company-sponsored
 employee stock ownership plan or other employee benefit plan of
 the Company, either files or becomes obligated to file a report
 or proxy statement under or in response to Schedule 13D,
 Schedule 14D-1, Form 8-K or Schedule 14A (or any successor
 schedule, form or report or item therein) under the Exchange
 Act, disclosing beneficial ownership by it of voting securities,
 whether in excess of 50 or otherwise, or because the Company
 reports that a change of control of the Company has or may have
 occurred or will or may occur in the future by reason of such
 beneficial ownership;

 (F) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of subparagraphs (A)
 through (D) above, no Change of Control shall result from a
 merger, consolidation or reorganization of the Company with any
 entity in which Eagle River Investments, L.L.C. has invested at
 least 10,000,000 in equity prior to such merger, consolidation
 or reorganization.

 (d) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any
successor thereto.

 (e) "Covered Employee" means any individual recognized by an Employer as a
regular full-time employee of an Employer who is subject to U.S. income tax
withholding to whom the Plan applies pursuant to Section 4(a) below.

 (f) "Employee Benefits" means, with respect to any Covered Employee, all
life insurance, medical insurance (including dental and vision care) and
disability plans and programs in which the Covered Employee was entitled to
participate immediately prior to the relevant Change of Control.

 (g) "Employer" means the Company, each of its wholly owned subsidiaries and
limited liability companies, any other subsidiary of the Company to which the
Plan has been extended by the Board (or by the Compensation Committee of the
Board) and which has adopted the Plan, and, as applicable, each such entity's
successor.

 3
 4

 (h) "Good Reason" means, with respect to any Covered Employee:

 (i) any significant and adverse change in the Covered Employee's duties,
 responsibilities and authority, as compared in each case to the
 corresponding circumstances in place on the date immediately preceding the
 first occurrence of a Change of Control after the Effective Date (the
 "Reference Date"); or

 (ii) a relocation of the principal work location at which the Covered
 Employee is based on the Reference Date to a location more than 30 miles
 away from such location; or

 (iii) a reduction in Base Salary or bonus potential not agreed to by the
 Covered Employee, or any other significant adverse financial consequences
 associated with the Covered Employee's employment in comparison to the
 corresponding circumstances in place on the Reference Date; or

 (iv) a breach by any Employer of its obligations under any agreement to
 which such Employer and the Covered Employee are parties, that remains
 uncured after 20 business days following such Employer's receipt of a
 written notice from the Covered Employee specifying the particulars in
 reasonable detail.

Any good faith determination by the Covered Employee that "Good Reason" exists
will be presumptively correct for purposes of this Plan.

 (i) "Plan" means the NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. Change of Control
Retention Bonus and Severance Pay Plan.

 (j) "Retention Bonus" means the Retention Bonus described in Section 4(b).

 (k) "Severance Compensation" means Severance Pay and other benefits provided
by Section 5(a) and (b).

 (l) "Severance Pay" means the amounts payable as set forth in Section 5(a)
and (b).

 (m) "Severance Period" means the period of time commencing on the date of
the first occurrence of a Change of Control and continuing until the earlier of
(i) the first anniversary of such date or (ii) the Covered Employee's death.

 (n) "Target Bonus" means the amount obtained by multiplying the Covered
Employee's target bonus percentage as established and in effect for the Covered
Employee (i) on the Reference Date, or (ii) on the date of the Covered
Employee's termination of employment with his or her Employer, whichever is the
highest, by the Covered Employee's Base Salary.

 4. Eligibility; Termination Following a Change of Control.

4
 5

 (a) Subject to the limitations described below, the Plan applies to all
individuals who are recognized by an Employer as regular full-time salaried
employees in any of the following salary grade levels (as determined on February
16, 2000, and adjusting as appropriate for any changes to the Company's system
of classifying employees by salary grade level implemented subsequent to such
date): EX3, EX2, EX1, E8 and E7, who are employed by an Employer on or after the
date that (x) the Company enters into a definitive agreement providing for a
Change of Control, (y) a third party publicly announces a bona fide intention to
commence a tender offer for outstanding voting securities of the Company or
otherwise to take actions that are reasonably designed and expected to result in
a Change of Control or (z) a Change of Control otherwise occurs (the date
described in the foregoing clauses (x), (y) or (z), as appropriate, the "Trigger
Date").

 (b) Subject to the last sentence of this Section 4(b), in the event of a
Change of Control, a Covered Employee shall be entitled to receive a Retention
Bonus in the amount described on Exhibit A for such Covered Employee. The
Retention Bonus shall be payable in two installments. The first installment
shall be paid on the effective date of any Change of Control. The second
installment shall be paid on the first anniversary of the relevant Change of
Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Covered Employee's employment is
terminated by an Employer after the occurrence of a Trigger Date, and a Change
of Control occurs prior to the first anniversary of such Trigger Date, then if
such termination is without Cause and before the full amount of the Retention
Bonus is paid to the Covered Employee, the Covered Employee shall be paid the
entire remaining portion of the Retention Bonus in full on the later of (x) the
effective date of the Change of Control or (y) the date of such termination of
employment. If a majority of the members of the Board in office on the date
immediately preceding the relevant Trigger Date (or a majority of the members of
the Compensation Committee thereof on such date) should determine (after
consultation with the Company's independent auditors) that the grant of any
right to receive a Retention Bonus pursuant to this Section 4(b) would prevent
the relevant proposed merger or other business combination transaction
contemplated to constitute a Change of Control (and intended by the Company and
the other party or parties thereto to be accounted for as a pooling of
interests) from meeting all criteria required for pooling of interests
accounting treatment, then such Board members (or members of the Compensation
Committee thereof) shall be authorized to modify the amount or any of the other
terms otherwise applicable to any Covered Employee's Retention Bonus, or the
group of Covered Employees entitled to receive any such Retention Bonus, but in
each case only to the extent determined to be necessary to permit such relevant
transaction to be accounted for as a pooling of interests.

 (c) A Covered Employee will be entitled to the Severance Compensation
described in Section 5 if (i) the Covered Employee's employment is terminated by
an Employer during the Severance Period and such termination is without Cause
and is not described in Subsection (e) of this Section, or (ii) in the case of
each Covered Employee as to whom Exhibit B indicates that this Section 4(c)(ii)
applies to such Covered Employee, the Covered Employee voluntarily terminates
his employment with his Employer during the Severance Period for Good Reason.

 (d) A termination of employment described in Subsection (c) of this Section
will not affect any rights that the Covered Employee may have pursuant to any
agreement, policy, plan, program or arrangement of the Company or any other
Employer providing Employee Benefits, which rights shall

5
 6

be governed by the terms thereof, except that any severance benefits provided
thereunder shall be reduced to the extent of the Severance Compensation actually
provided to such Covered Employee under and pursuant to this Plan.

 (e) Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section, a Covered
Employee will not be entitled to Severance Compensation if his employment with
an Employer is terminated during the Severance Period for Cause or because:

 (i) of the Covered Employee's retirement or voluntary withdrawal from
 employment, other than as described in Subsection (c)(ii) or Subsection
 (c)(iii) of this Section;

 (ii) of the Covered Employee's death;

 (iii) the Covered Employee becomes permanently disabled within the
 meaning of, and begins actually to receive disability benefits pursuant to,
 the long-term disability plan in effect for, or applicable to, the Covered
 Employee;

 (iv) of the Covered Employee's failure to return to work after a
 temporary lay-off; or

 (v) of the Covered Employee's withdrawal or loss of employment due to
 personal leave, other than as described in Subsection (c)(ii) or Subsection
 (c)(iii) of this Section.

 5. Severance Compensation.

 (a) If a Covered Employee's employment is terminated in circumstances that
entitle the Covered Employee to Severance Compensation pursuant to Section 4(c),
the Company will pay to the Covered Employee as Severance Pay in a single lump
sum payment the amounts described on Exhibit C on the payroll date of the next
full payroll cycle after the termination date, and will continue to provide to
the Covered Employee the Employee Benefits for the period set forth on Exhibit
C.

 (b) Without limiting the rights of a Covered Employee at law or in equity,
if the Company fails to make any payment or provide any benefit required to be
made or provided hereunder on a timely basis, the Company will pay interest on
the amount or value thereof at an annualized rate of interest equal to the
so-called composite "prime rate" as quoted from time to time during the relevant
period in the Eastern Edition of The Wall Street Journal plus the lesser of 5 
or the maximum rate of interest allowed by law. Such interest will be payable as
it accrues on demand. Any change in such prime rate or maximum rate will be
effective on and as of the date of such change.

 (c) Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the rights
and obligations under this Section and under Section 8 will survive any
termination or expiration of the Plan.

 (d) Anything in this Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, but subject to
the last sentence of this Section 5(d), in the event that it shall be determined
that any payment or distribution of cash or other compensation or benefit by the
Company or any of its affiliates to or for the benefit of any Covered

6
 7

Employee, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to
the terms of this Plan or otherwise pursuant to or by reason of any other
agreement, policy, plan, program or arrangement (a "Payment"), would be subject
to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor
provision thereto), by reason of being considered "contingent on a change in
ownership or control" of the Company, within the meaning of Section 280G of the
Code (or any successor provision thereto) or to any similar tax imposed by state
or local law, or any interest or penalties with respect to such tax (such tax or
taxes, together with any such interest and penalties, being hereafter
collectively referred to as the "Excise Tax"), then the Covered Employee will be
entitled to receive from the Company an additional payment or payments
(collectively, a "Gross-Up Payment"). The Gross-Up Payment will be in an amount
such that, after payment by the Covered Employee of all taxes (including any
interest or penalties imposed with respect to such taxes), including any Excise
Tax imposed upon the Gross-Up Payment, the Covered Employee retains an amount of
the Gross-Up Payment equal to the Excise Tax imposed on the Payment. The
Gross-Up Payment shall be paid to the Covered Employee prior to the date on
which any Payment part or all of which is subject to the Excise Tax is made to
the Covered Employee. The Covered Employee shall cooperate in all reasonable
respects with the Company (but at the Company's sole cost and expense) to
attempt to minimize any such tax liability (such cooperation not to include
foregoing or deferring any payments or benefits to which he or she is otherwise
entitled), and if the Covered Employee later receives a refund of any part of
the Excise Tax, such Covered Employee shall promptly after receipt of such
refund pay back to the Company so much of the Gross-Up Payment as is required to
avoid a windfall. If a majority of the members of the Board in office on the day
immediately preceding the relevant Trigger Date (or a majority of the members of
the Compensation Committee thereof on such date) should determine (after
consultation with the Company's independent auditors) that the grant of any
right to receive a Gross-Up Payment pursuant to this Section 5(d) would prevent
the relevant proposed merger or other business combination transaction
contemplated to constitute a Change of Control (and intended by the Company and
the other party or parties thereto to be accounted for as a pooling of
interests) from meeting all criteria required for pooling of interests
accounting treatment, then such Board members (or members of the Compensation
Committee thereof) shall be authorized to modify the amount of or any of the
other terms otherwise applicable to any Covered Employees's right to receive a
Gross-Up Payment, but in each case only to the extent determined to be necessary
to permit such relevant transaction to be accounted for as a pooling of
interests.

 6. No Mitigation Obligation. The Company hereby acknowledges that it will be
difficult for a Covered Employee to find reasonably comparable employment
following his termination of employment with his Employer. Accordingly, the
provision of Severance Compensation by the Company to a Covered Employee in
accordance with the terms of the Plan is hereby acknowledged by the Company to
be reasonable, and a Covered Employee will not be required to mitigate the
amount of any payment provided for in the Plan by seeking other employment or
otherwise, nor will any profits, income, earnings or other benefits from any
source whatsoever create any mitigation, offset, reduction or any other
obligation on the part of a Covered Employee hereunder or otherwise, except as
expressly provided in Section 4(b).

 7. Certain Payments Not Considered for Other Benefits, etc. Payments of
Severance Pay will not be included as earnings for the purpose of calculating
contributions or benefits under any Employee Benefit plan of the Company or of
any other Employer. Such payments and payments of

7
 8

Severance Pay will not be made from any benefit plan funds, and shall constitute
an unfunded, unsecured obligation of the Company.

 8. Arbitration. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this
Plan or the breach thereof, shall be settled by arbitration in the Washington,
D.C. area in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware by three
arbitrators, one of whom shall be appointed by the Company, one by the Covered
Employee and the third of whom shall be appointed by the first two arbitrators.
If the first two arbitrators cannot agree on the appointment of a third
arbitrator, then the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the Chief Judge of
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The
arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the rules of the American
Arbitration Association, except with respect to the selection of arbitrators,
which shall be as provided in this Section 8. Judgment upon the award rendered
by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

 9. Employment Rights. Nothing expressed or implied in the Plan shall create
any right or duty on the part of an Employer or a Covered Employee to have the
Covered Employee remain in the employment of an Employer at any time prior to or
following a Change of Control.

 10. Withholding of Taxes. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable
under the Plan all federal, state, city or other taxes as shall be required
pursuant to any law or government regulation or ruling.

 11. Successors and Binding Effect.

 (a) The Company shall require any successor (including without limitation
any persons acquiring directly or indirectly all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the Company whether by purchase, merger,
consolidation, reorganization or otherwise, and such successor shall be deemed
the Company for the purposes of the Plan) to assume and agree to perform the
obligations under the Plan in the same manner and to the same extent the Company
would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. The Plan
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor
to the Company, but shall not otherwise be assignable, transferable or delegable
by the Company.

 (b) The rights under the Plan shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by each Covered Employee's personal or legal representatives,
executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees and/or legatees.

 (c) The rights under the Plan are personal in nature and neither the Company
nor any Covered Employee shall, without the consent of the other, assign,
transfer or delegate the Plan or any rights or obligations hereunder except as
expressly provided in this Section 11. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, a Covered Employee's right to receive payments hereunder shall not be
assignable, transferable or delegable, whether by pledge, creation of a security
interest or otherwise, other than by a transfer by his or her will or by the
laws of descent and distribution and, in the event of any attempted assignment
or transfer contrary to this Section, the Company shall have no liability to pay
any amount so attempted to be assigned, transferred or delegated.

8
 9

 (d) The obligation of the Company to make payments and/or provide benefits
hereunder shall represent an unsecured obligation of the Company.

 (e) The Company recognizes that each Covered Employee will have no adequate
remedy at law for breach by the Company of any of the agreements contained
herein and, in the event of any such breach, the Company hereby agrees and
consents that each Covered Employee shall be entitled to a decree of specific
performance, mandamus or other appropriate remedy to enforce performance of
obligations of the Company under the Plan.

 12. Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and
performance of the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware,
without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws of such State.

 13. Validity. If any provisions of the Plan or the application of any
provision hereof to any person or circumstance is held invalid, unenforceable or
otherwise illegal, the remainder of the Plan and the application of such
provision to any other person or circumstances shall not be affected, and the
provision so held to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal shall be
reformed to the extent (and only to the extent) necessary to make it
enforceable, valid and legal.

 14. Captions. The captions in the Plan are for convenience of reference only
and do not define, limit or describe the scope or intent of the Plan or any part
hereof and shall not be considered in any construction hereof.

 15. Construction. The masculine gender, where appearing in the Plan, shall
be deemed to include the feminine gender and the singular shall be deemed to
include the plural, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary.

 16. Administration of the Plan.

 (a) In General: The Plan shall be administered by the Company, which shall
be the named fiduciary under the Plan.

 (b) Delegation of Duties: The Company may delegate any of its administrative
duties, including, without limitation, duties with respect to the processing,
review, investigation, approval and payment of any Retention Bonus or Severance
Pay to a named administrator or administrators.

 (c) Regulations: The Company shall promulgate any rules and regulations it
deems necessary in order to carry out the purposes of the Plan or to interpret
the terms and conditions of the Plan; provided, however, that no rule,
regulation or interpretation shall be contrary to the provisions of the Plan.

 (d) Claims Procedure: Except as otherwise provided in the Plan (including,
without limitation, in the final sentence of the definition of the term "Good
Reason", in the final sentence of Section 4(b) and in the final sentence of
Section 5(d)), the Company shall determine the rights of any

9
 10

employee of the Company to any Retention Bonus or Severance Compensation
hereunder. Any employee or former employee of any Employer who believes that he
has not received any benefit under the Plan to which he believes he is entitled,
may file a claim in writing with the Human Resources Department of the Company.
The Company shall, no later than 90 days after the receipt of a claim, either
allow or deny the claim by written notice to the claimant. If a claimant does
not receive written notice of the Company's decision on his claim within such
90-day period, the claim shall be deemed to have been denied in full.

 A denial of a claim by the Company, wholly or partially, shall be written in
a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant and shall include:

 (i) the specific reason or reasons for the denial;

 (ii) specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the
 denial is based;

 (iii) a description of any additional material or information necessary
 for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such
 material or information is necessary; and

 (iv) an explanation of the claim review procedure.

A claimant whose claim is denied (or his duly authorized representative) may,
within 30 days after receipt of denial of his claim, request a review of such
denial by the Company by filing with the Secretary of the Company a written
request for review of his claim. If the claimant does not file a request for
review with the Company within such 30-day period, the claimant shall be deemed
to have acquiesced in the original decision of the Company on his claim. If a
written request for review is so filed within such 30-day period, the Company
shall conduct a full and fair review of such claim. During such full review, the
claimant shall be given the opportunity to review documents that are pertinent
to his claim and to submit issues and comments in writing. The Company shall
notify the claimant of its decision on review within 60 days after receipt of a
request for review. Notice of the decision on review shall be in writing. If the
decision on review is not furnished to the claimant within such 60-day period,
the claim shall be deemed to have been denied on review. The existence of the
claims determination and review procedures set forth in this Section 16(d) shall
not impose on any Covered Employee any obligation or requirement to exhaust his
remedies or to commence proceedings under this Section 16(d) prior to seeking an
arbitration of any controversy or claim pursuant to Section 8 hereof, nor shall
the provision of this Section 16(d) operate to limit any Covered Employee's
rights to seek or obtain specific performance or other remedies pursuant to
Section 11(e) hereof.

 (e) Requirement of Receipt: Upon receipt of a Retention Bonus or any
Severance Compensation hereunder, the Company reserves the right to require any
Covered Employee to execute a receipt evidencing the amount and payment of such
Retention Bonus or Severance Compensation.

 17. Amendment and Termination. The Company reserves the right, except as
hereinafter provided, at any time and from time to time, to amend, modify,
change or terminate the Plan,

10
 11

including any Exhibit hereto; provided, however, that except as expressly
permitted by the final sentences of Sections 4(b) and 5(d) hereof, after the
Effective Date, any such amendment, modification, change or termination that
adversely affects the rights of any Covered Employee under the Plan will not
take effect and be applicable to any Covered Employee if either (A) (1) a
Trigger Date (as defined in Section 4(a) of this Plan) occurs within six months
after the date on which such amendment, modification, change or termination is
made and (2) a Change of Control related to or growing out of the specific event
causing the occurrence of the Trigger Date occurs thereafter or (B) such
amendment, modification, change or termination is made at any time (1) during
the period between the occurrence of a relevant Trigger Date and the occurrence
of the related Change of Control related to or growing out of the specific event
causing the occurrence of the Trigger Date or (2) at or after the occurrence of
a Change of Control (and before all payments and benefits hereunder associated
with such Change of Control are paid or made available as contemplated herein),
without (in each of the circumstances described in the foregoing clauses (A) and
(B)) the written consent of such Covered Employee.

 18. Other Plans, etc. If the terms of this Plan are inconsistent with the
provisions of any other plan, program, contract or arrangement of an Employer
with respect to any of the Covered Employees, to the extent such plan, program,
contract or arrangement may be amended by the Employer, the terms of the Plan
(insofar as they may be applicable to any such Covered Employee) will be deemed
to so amend such plan, program, contract or arrangement, and the terms of the
Plan will govern.

 11
 12

 NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
 CHANGE OF CONTROL RETENTION BONUS AND SEVERANCE PAY PLAN

 EXHIBIT A

RETENTION BONUS
 ---------------

 Position Retention Bonus
 -------- ---------------
 
Top Management (Tier 1)(1) 150 of Base Salary plus 150 
 of Target Bonus

Top Management (Tier 2)(2) 100 of Base Salary plus 100 of
 Target Bonus

Other Senior Management(3) 50 of Base Salary

- --------
(1) All employees in employee classification EX3.

(2) All employees in employee classifications EX2 and EX1.

(3) All employees in employee classifications E8 and E7.

 A-1
 13

 NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
 CHANGE OF CONTROL RETENTION BONUS AND SEVERANCE PAY PLAN

 EXHIBIT B

 Covered Employees Subject to Section 4(c)(ii)
 (terminations for "Good Reason")

 Employees in employee classifications EX3, EX2 and EX1.

 B-1
 14

 NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
 CHANGE OF CONTROL RETENTION BONUS AND SEVERANCE PAY PLAN

 EXHIBIT C

POSITION SEVERANCE PAY BENEFITS
- ---------------------------- -------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
 
Top Management(1) 200 of Base Salary and Target Bonus 2 Years

Other Senior Management(2) 100 of Base Salary and Target Bonus 1 Year

The above amounts shall be reduced by For any Covered Employee who becomes
 any severance pay or allowance covered under another group health
 mandated by statute or other law or plan, benefits under the Company's
 other arrangement of or with the group health plan will be coordinated
 Company; provided, however, that the as provided in the Company's plan.
 above amounts are in addition to any
 compensation to which a Covered
 Employee may be entitled under the
 notice provisions of the Worker
 Adjustment and Retraining Notification
 Act of 1988.

- ---------------------------- -------------------------------------- -----------------------------------

- ---------------
(1) All employees in employee classifications EX3, EX2 and EX1.

(2) All employees in employee classifications E8 and E7.

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.5>
 9
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT RE: WENDY P. MCCAW

1

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of November 4, 1997, is
between NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Washington corporation (the "Company")
and Wendy P. McCaw.

 WHEREAS, Wendy P. McCaw currently owns 9,722,649 shares of Class
B common stock, .02 par value, of the Company, (the "Class B Common Stock");
and

 WHEREAS, the Company wishes to grant Wendy P. McCaw and her
controlled affiliates holding shares of capital stock of the Company
(collectively, "WPM") certain registration rights with respect to the shares of
Class A common stock, par value .02 per share of the Company (the "Class A
Common Stock") for which the shares of Class B Common Stock are convertible that
WPM may acquire in the future, as provided further herein.

 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises herein contained and
other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereto agree as follows:

 1. Definitions.

 As used in this Agreement:

 (i) the terms "register," "registered" and "registration" refer to a
registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement in
compliance with the Act (and any post-effective amendments filed or required to
be filed) and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration
statement;

 (ii) the term "Registrable Securities" means (A) all shares of Class
A Common Stock owned by WPM as of the date hereof, (B) any shares of Class A
Common Stock acquired by WPM through conversion of Class B Common Stock or
otherwise and (C) any capital stock of the Company issued as a dividend or other
distribution with respect to, or in exchange for or in replacement of, the
shares of Class A Common Stock referred to in clause (A) or (B) above;

 (iii) the term "Other Holders" shall mean those parties that are a
signatory to that certain Registration Rights Agreement dated January 15, 1997
among the Company and the parties listed on Schedule A hereto;

 (iv) "Commission" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission
or any other federal agency at the time administering the Act;

 (v) "Registration Expenses" shall mean all third-party expenses
incurred by the Company in compliance with Sections 2 and 3 hereof, including,
without limitation, all registration and filing fees, printing expenses, fees
and disbursements of counsel for the Company and the underwriters, if any, blue
sky fees and expenses and the third-party expenses of any special audits
incident to or required by any such registration (but excluding the compensation
of regular employees of the Company, which shall be paid in any event by the
Company);

 (vi) "Selling Expenses" shall mean all underwriting discounts and
selling commissions applicable to the sale of securities and all fees and
disbursements of counsel for each of the holders of registered securities;

 (vii) "Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and

 (viii) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934.

2

2. Requested Registration.

 (i) Request for Registration. If the Company shall receive from WPM,
at any time after the earlier of (x) the announcement of the Company's first
quarter 1998 financial results or (y) June 30, 1998, a written request that the
Company effect any registration with respect to all or a part of the Registrable
Securities, the Company will, subject to compliance with any applicable
underwriters' lock-up agreements in effect as of the date hereof:

 (A) promptly give written notice of the proposed registration
 qualification or compliance to all Other Holders; and

 (B) as soon as practicable, use its diligent best efforts to
 effect such registration (including, without limitation, the execution of
 an undertaking to file post-effective amendments, appropriate
 qualification under applicable blue sky or other state securities laws and
 appropriate compliance with applicable regulations issued under the Act)
 as may be so requested and as would permit or facilitate the sale and
 distribution as soon as is practicable of all or such portion of such
 Registrable Securities as are specified in such request, together with all
 or such portion of the Registrable Securities of any Holder or Holders
 joining in such request as are specified in a written request received by
 the Company within twenty (20) business days after written notice from the
 Company is given under Section 2(i)(A) above; provided that the Company
 shall not be obligated to effect, or take any action to effect, any such
 registration pursuant to this Section 2:

 (a) In any particular jurisdiction in which the Company would
 be required to execute a general consent to service of process in
 effecting such registration, qualification or compliance, unless the
 Company is already subject to service in such jurisdiction and
 except as may be required by the Act or applicable rules or
 regulations thereunder;

 (b) After the Company has effected one (1) such registration
 pursuant to this Section 2 and such registration has been declared
 or ordered effective and the sales of such Registrable Securities
 shall have closed;

 (c) If the securities requested by WPM and all Other Holders
 to be registered pursuant to such request have an anticipated
 aggregate public offering price (before any underwriting discounts
 and commissions) of less than 10,000,000.

 The registration statement filed pursuant to the request of WPM may,
subject to the provisions of Section 2(ii) below, include other securities of
the Company which are held by officers or directors of the Company, or which are
held by persons who, by virtue of agreements with the Company, are entitled to
include their securities in any such registration, but the Company shall have no
absolute right to include any of its securities in any such registration.

 The registration rights set forth in this Section 2 are personal to
WPM and shall not be assignable, by operation of law or otherwise, to any third
party not affiliated with WPM.

 (ii) Underwriting. If WPM intends to distribute the Registrable
Securities covered by WPM's request by means of an underwriting, they shall so
advise the Company as a part of their request made pursuant to Section 2.

 If officers or directors of the Company holding other securities of
the Company shall request inclusion in any registration pursuant to Section 2,
or if holders of securities of the Company other than Registrable Securities who
are entitled, by contract with the Company or otherwise, to have securities
included in such a registration (the "Other Stockholders") request such
inclusion, WPM shall offer to include the securities of such officers, directors
and Other Stockholders in the underwriting and may

 2
 3

condition such offer on their acceptance of the further applicable provisions of
this Section 2. WPM and the Company shall (together with all officers, directors
and Other Stockholders proposing to distribute their securities through such
underwriting) enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the
representative of the underwriter or underwriters selected for such underwriting
by WPM and reasonably acceptable to the Company. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Section 2, if the representative advises WPM that marketing
factors require a limitation on the number of shares to be underwritten, the
securities of the Company held by officers or directors of the Company and the
securities held by Other Stockholders (other than the Other Holders) shall be
excluded from such registration to the extent so required by such limitation.
If, after the exclusion of such shares, further reductions are still required,
the number of shares included in the registration by WPM and each Other Holder
shall be reduced on a pro rata basis (based on the number of shares proposed to
be sold by WPM or such Other Holders), by such minimum number of shares as is
necessary to comply with such request. No Registrable Securities or any other
securities excluded from the underwriting by reason of the underwriter's
marketing limitation shall be included in such registration. If any officer,
director or Other Stockholder who has requested inclusion in such registration
as provided above disapproves of the terms of the underwriting, such person may
elect to withdraw therefrom by written notice to the Company, the underwriter
and WPM. The securities so withdrawn shall also be withdrawn from registration.
If the underwriter has not limited the number of Registrable Securities or other
securities to be underwritten, the Company may include its securities for its
own account in such registration if the representative so agrees and if the
number of Registrable Securities and other securities which would otherwise have
been included in such registration and underwriting will not thereby be limited.

 (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company shall furnish to
WPM a certificate signed by the President or Chief Executive Officer of the
Company stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the
Company, it would be seriously detrimental to the Company and its shareholders
for such registration statement to be filed and it is therefore essential to
defer the filing of such registration statement, then the Company shall have the
right to defer such filing for a period of not more than 120 days after receipt
of the request of WPM; provided, however, that the Company may not utilize this
right more than once in any twelve (12) month period.

 3. Company Registration.

 (i) If, at any time, the Company shall determine to register any of
its equity securities either for its own account or for the account of a
security holder or holders exercising their respective demand registration
rights, other than a registration relating solely to employee benefit plans, or
a registration relating solely to a Commission Rule 145 transaction, or a
registration on any registration form which does not permit secondary sales or
does not include substantially the same information as would be required to be
included in a registration statement covering the sale of Registrable
Securities, the Company will:

 (A) promptly give to WPM a written notice thereof (which shall
 include a list of the jurisdictions in which the Company intends to
 attempt to qualify such securities under the applicable blue sky or other
 state securities laws); and

 (B) include in such registration (and any related
 qualification under blue sky laws or other compliance), and in any
 underwriting involved therein, all the Registrable Securities specified in
 a written request or requests, made by WPM within twenty (20) days after
 receipt of the written notice from the Company described in clause (i)
 above, except as set forth in Section 3(ii) below. Such written request
 may specify all or a part of the WPM's Registrable Securities.

 (ii) Underwriting. If the registration of which the Company gives
notice is for a registered public offering involving an underwriting, the
Company shall so advise WPM as a part of the written notice given pursuant to
Section 3(i)(A). In such event, the right of WPM to registration pursuant to
this Section 3 shall be conditioned upon WPM's participation in such
underwriting and the inclusion of WPM's Registrable Securities in the
underwriting to the extent provided herein. WPM shall (together with the

 3
 4

Company and the Other Stockholders distributing their securities through such
underwriting) enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the
representative of the underwriter or underwriters selected for underwriting by
the Company. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 3, if the
representative determines that marketing factors require a limitation on the
number of shares to be underwritten, the representative may (subject to the
allocation priority set forth below) limit the number of Registrable Securities
to be included in the registration and underwriting. The Company shall so advise
all holders of securities requesting registration, and the number of shares of
securities that are entitled to be included in the registration and underwriting
shall be allocated in the following manner: The securities of the Company held
by officers, directors and Other Stockholders (other than the Other Holders) of
the Company (other than securities held by holders who by contractual right
initiated the demand for such registration ("Demanding Holders")) shall be
excluded from such registration and underwriting to the extent required by such
limitation, and, if a limitation on the number of shares is still required, the
number of shares that may be included in the registration and underwriting by
WPM and each of the Other Holders and Demanding Holders shall be reduced, on a
pro rata basis (based on the number of shares proposed to be sold by WPM and
such Other Holders or Demanding Holders), by such minimum number of shares as is
necessary to comply with such limitation. If any of WPM or such Other Holders or
Demanding Holders or any officer, director or Other Stockholder disapproves of
the terms of any such underwriting, he may elect to withdraw therefrom by
written notice to the Company and the underwriter. Any Registrable Securities or
other securities excluded or withdrawn from such underwriting shall be withdrawn
from such registration.

 (iii) Number and Transferability. WPM shall be entitled to have
their shares included in an unlimited number of registrations pursuant to this
Section 3. The registration rights granted pursuant to this Section 3 are
personal to WPM and shall not be assignable, by operation of law or otherwise to
any third party not affiliated with WPM.

 4. Expenses of Registration. All Registration Expenses and Selling
Expenses incurred in connection with any registration, qualification or
compliance pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement shall be borne by the holders
of the securities so registered pro rata on the basis of the number of shares so
registered. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event the
Company includes shares in any registration, qualification or compliance
pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement, the Company shall pay the Registration
Expenses in proportion to the Company's share of the total number of shares
included in such registration. All Registration Expenses incurred in connection
with any registration, qualification or compliance pursuant to Section 3 of this
Agreement shall be borne by the Company (or the Demanding Holders if so provided
in the applicable contract), and all Selling Expenses incurred in connection
with any such registration, qualification or compliance shall be borne by the
holders of securities so registered pro rata on the basis of the number of
shares so registered.

 5. Registration Procedures. In the case of each registration
effected by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the Company will keep WPM as
applicable, advised in writing as to the initiation of each registration and as
to the completion thereof. The Company will:

 (i) Keep such registration effective for a period of one
 hundred eighty (180) days or until WPM, has completed the distribution
 described in the registration statement relating thereto, whichever first
 occurs; provided, however, that (A) such 180-day period shall be extended
 for a period of time equal to the period during which WPM will refrain
 from selling any securities included in such registration in accordance
 with provisions in Section 9 hereof; and (B) in the case of any
 registration of Registrable Securities on Form S-3 which are intended to
 be offered on a continuous or delayed basis, such 180-day period shall be
 extended until all such Registrable Securities are sold, provided that
 Rule 415, or any successor rule under the Act, permits an offering on a
 continuous or delayed basis, and provided further that applicable rules
 under the Act governing the obligation to file a post-effective amendment
 permit, in lieu of filing a post-effective amendment which (1) includes
 any prospectus required by Section 10(a) of the Act or (2) reflects facts
 or events representing a material or fundamental change in the information
 set forth in the registration statement, the incorporation by reference of
 information required to be included in (1)

 4
 5

 and (2) above to be contained in periodic reports filed pursuant to
 Section 12 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act in the registration statement.

 (ii) Furnish such number of prospectuses and other documents
 incident thereto as WPM, from time to time may reasonably request;
 provided, however, that WPM and the other holders of securities so
 registered, pro rata on the basis of the number of their shares so
 included in such registration, reimburse the Company for expenses
 incurred in performing its obligations under this Section 5.

 (iii) Prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and
 supplements to such registration statement and the prospectus used in
 connection with such registration statement as may be necessary to comply
 with the provisions of the Act with respect to the disposition of all
 securities covered by such registration statement.

 (iv) Use its best efforts to register and qualify the
 securities covered by such registration statement under such other
 securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as shall be reasonably
 requested by WPM, provided that the Company shall not be required in
 connection therewith or as a condition thereto to qualify to do business
 or to file a general consent to service of process in any such states or
 jurisdictions.

 (v) In the event of any underwritten public offering, enter
 into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual
 and customary form, with the managing underwriter of such offering. WPM
 shall also enter into and perform their obligations under such an
 agreement.

 (vii) Furnish, at the request of WPM, on the date that WPM's
 Registrable Securities are delivered to the underwriters for sale in
 connection with a registration pursuant to this Agreement, if such
 securities are being sold through underwriters, or, if such securities are
 not being sold through underwriters, on the date that the registration
 statement with respect to such securities becomes effective, (A) an
 opinion, dated such date, of the counsel representing the Company for the
 purposes of such registration, in form and substance as is customarily
 given to underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the
 underwriters, if any, and to WPM and (B) a letter dated such date, from
 the independent certified public accountants of the Company, in form and
 substance as is customarily given by independent certified public
 accountants to underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed
 to the underwriters, if any, and to WPM.

 6. Indemnification.

 (i) The Company will indemnify WPM and each of the officers,
directors and partners and each person controlling each of the WPM entities
(collectively the "WPM Indemnified Parties"), with respect to each registration
which has been effected pursuant to this Agreement, and each underwriter, if
any, and each person who controls any underwriter, against all claims, losses,
damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arising out of or based
on any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact
contained in any prospectus, offering circular or other document (including any
related registration statement, notification or the like) incident to any such
registration, qualification or compliance, or based on any omission (or alleged
omission) to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or any violation by the
Company of the Act or any rule or regulation thereunder applicable to the
Company and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection
with any such registration, qualification or compliance, and will reimburse each
of the WPM Indemnified Parties, each such underwriter and each person who
controls any such underwriter, for any legal and any other expenses reasonably
incurred in connection with investigating and defending any such claim, loss,
damage, liability or action, provided that the Company will not be liable in any
such case to the extent that any such claim, loss, damage, liability or expense
arises out of or is based on any untrue statement or omission based upon written
information furnished to the Company by WPM or the

 5
 6

underwriter and stated to be specifically for use therein.

 (ii) WPM will, if Registrable Securities held by WPM are included in
the securities as to which such registration, qualification or compliance is
being effected, indemnify the Company, each of its directors and officers and
each underwriter, if any, of the Company's securities covered by such a
registration statement, each person who controls the Company or such underwriter
within the meaning of the Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, each
Other Stockholder and each of their officers, directors, and partners, and each
person controlling such Other Stockholder against all claims, losses, damages
and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arising out of or based on any
untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained in
any such registration statement, prospectus, offering circular or other document
made by WPM, or any omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements by WPM
therein not misleading, and will reimburse the Company and such Other
Stockholders, directors, officers, partners, persons, underwriters or control
persons for any legal or any other expenses reasonably incurred in connection
with investigating or defending any such claim, loss, damage, liability or
action, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue
statement (or alleged untrue statement) or omission (or alleged omission) is
made in such registration statement, prospectus, offering circular or other
document in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished
to the Company by WPM and stated to be specifically for use therein; provided,
however, that the obligations of WPM hereunder shall be limited to an amount
equal to the net proceeds to of securities sold as contemplated herein.

 (iii) Each party entitled to indemnification under this Section 6
(the "Indemnified Party") shall give notice to the party required to provide
indemnification (the "Indemnifying Party") promptly after such Indemnified Party
has actual knowledge of any claim as to which indemnity may be sought, and shall
permit the Indemnifying Party to assume the defense of any such claim or any
litigation resulting therefrom; provided that counsel for the Indemnifying
Party, who shall conduct the defense of such claim or any litigation resulting
therefrom, shall be approved by the Indemnified Party (whose approval shall not
unreasonably be withheld) and the Indemnified Party may participate in such
defense at such party's expense (unless the Indemnified Party shall have
reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of interest between the
Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party in such action, in which case the
fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party),
and provided further that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give notice as
provided herein shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations
under this Section 6 unless the Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced
thereby. No Indemnifying Party, in the defense of any such claim or litigation,
shall, except with the consent of each Indemnified Party, consent to entry of
any judgment or enter into any settlement which does not include as an
unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such
Indemnified Party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or
litigation. Each Indemnified Party shall furnish such information regarding
itself or the claim in question as an Indemnifying Party may reasonably request
in writing and as shall be reasonably required in connection with the defense of
such claim and litigation resulting therefrom.

 (iv) If the indemnification provided for in this Section 6 is held
by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an Indemnified Party
with respect to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense referred to
herein, then the Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified
Party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such
Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense
in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the
Indemnifying Party on the one hand and of the Indemnified Party on the other in
connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such loss,
liability, claim, damage or expense, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and of the
Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things,
whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the
omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the
Indemnifying Party or by the Indemnified Party and the parties' relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
statement or omission.

 6
 7

(v) Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the provisions
on indemnification and contribution contained in the underwriting agreement
entered into in connection with any underwritten public offering contemplated by
this Agreement are in conflict with the foregoing provisions, the provisions in
such underwriting agreement shall be controlling.

 (vi) The foregoing indemnity agreement of the Company and WPM is
subject to the condition that, insofar as they relate to any loss, claim,
liability or damage made in a preliminary prospectus but eliminated or remedied
in the amended prospectus on file with the Commission at the time the
registration statement in question becomes effective or the amended prospectus
filed with the Commission pursuant to Commission Rule 424(b) (the "Final
Prospectus"), such indemnity agreement shall not inure to the benefit of any
underwriter if a copy of the Final Prospectus was furnished to the underwriter
and was not furnished to the person asserting the loss, liability, claim or
damage at or prior to the time such action is required by the Act.

 7. Information by WPM. WPM shall furnish to the Company such
information regarding WPM and the distribution proposed by WPM as the Company
may reasonably request in writing and as shall be reasonably required in
connection with any registration, qualification or compliance referred to in
this Agreement.

 8. Rule 144 Reporting.

 With a view to making available the benefits of certain rules and
regulations of the Commission which may permit the sale of restricted securities
to the public without registration, the Company agrees to:

 (i) make and keep public information available as those terms
 are understood and defined in Rule 144, at all times from and after ninety
 (90) days following the effective date of the first registration under the
 Act filed by the Company for an offering of its securities to the general
 public;

 (ii) use its best efforts to file with the Commission in a
 timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company
 under the Act and the Exchange Act at any time after it has become subject
 to such reporting requirements; and

 (iii) so long as WPM owns any Registrable Securities, furnish
 to WPM upon request, a written statement by the Company as to its
 compliance with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 (at any time from
 and after ninety (90) days following the effective date of the first
 registration statement filed by the Company for an offering of its
 securities to the general public), and of the Act and the Exchange Act (at
 any time after it has become subject to such reporting requirements), a
 copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company, and
 such other reports and documents so filed as WPM may reasonably request in
 availing themselves of any rule or regulation of the Commission allowing
 WPM to sell any such securities without registration.

 9. "Market Stand-off" Agreement. WPM agree, if requested by the
Company and an underwriter of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company,
not to sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any Class A Common Stock (or
other securities) of the Company held by WPM during the 180 day period following
the effective date of the initial registration statement of the Company relating
to any such securities filed under the Act and during the 90 day period
following any subsequent registration statement filed under the Act.

 If requested by the underwriters, WPM shall execute a separate
agreement to the foregoing effect. The Company may impose stop-transfer
instructions with respect to the shares (or securities) subject to the foregoing
restriction until the end of such period.

 7
 8

10. Termination. The registration rights set forth in this Agreement
shall not be available to WPM if, in the opinion of counsel to the Company, all
of the Registrable Securities then owned by WPM could be sold in any 90-day
period pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (without giving effect to the
provisions of Rule 144(k)). In addition, the registration rights set forth in
this Agreement shall terminate upon the transfer or assignment of the
Registrable Securities by WPM to any non-affiliated third party.

 11. Notices. All communications provided for hereunder shall be sent
by first-class mail or facsimile and (a) if addressed to WPM, addressed to WPM
at the address or fax number contained on Schedule B to this Agreement, or at
such other address or fax number as WPM shall have furnished to the Company in
writing or (b) if addressed to the Company, at 155 108th Avenue NE, 8th Floor,
Bellevue, Washington 98004, Attention: General Counsel, or fax number (206)
519-8910 or at such other address or fax number, or to the attention of such
other officer, as the Company shall have furnished to WPM in writing. Notices
sent by first-class mail shall be deemed received three days after the date of
deposit of such notice in the United States mail. Notices sent by facsimile
shall be deemed received upon receipt by the notified party's facsimile machine.

 12. No Assignment. This Agreement is personal to WPM and shall not
be assignable, by operation of law or otherwise to any third party not
affiliated with WPM.

 13. Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings of the several
sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for reference only and
shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

 14. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in
accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of
the State of Washington.

 15. No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company will not on or after the
date of this Agreement enter into any agreement with respect to its securities
that is inconsistent with the rights granted to WPM in this Agreement or
otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof.

 16. Amendments and Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be
amended or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by the party sought
to be bound.

 17. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in
any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this agreement to be
executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

By: /s/ Wendy P. McCaw
 -------------------------------
 Wendy P. McCaw

 NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

By: /s/ R. Bruce Easter, Jr.
 -------------------------------
 Name: R. Bruce Easter, Jr.
 -----------------------
 Title: Vice President
 ----------------------

 8
 9

SCHEDULE A

 OTHER HOLDERS' ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES

EAGLE RIVER INVESTMENTS, L.L.C.
c/o C. James Judson
2300 Carillon Point
Kirkland, WA 98033
Fax: (206)828-8060

NEXTLINK, INC.
c/o R. Bruce Easter, Jr.
155 108th Avenue N.E., Suite 810
Bellevue, WA 98004
Fax: (206)519-8910

BWP, INC.
c/o Robert Kingery
700 S.W. Washington, 8th Floor
Portland, OR 97205
Fax: (503)727-6821

ROWENA FAMILY LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
c/o Scot Jarvis
4153 Issaquah Pine Lake Road
Issaquah, WA 98029
Fax: (206)392-9944

PENNS LIGHT COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
c/o Gary Rawding
925 Berkshire Blvd.
Wyomissing, PA 91610
Fax: (610)288-5666

PROBE VENTURES CORP.
c/o Victor Schnee
Three Wing Drive, Suite 240
Cedar Knolls, NJ 07927-1000
Fax: (201)285-1519

CITY SIGNAL, INC.
c/o Richard Postma
Miller, Johnson, Snell & Cummiskey
800 Calder Plaza Building
Grand Rapids, MI 49503
Fax: (616)459-6708

U.S. NETWORK CORPORATION
c/o Ron Gavillet
10 South Riverside Plaza, Suite 401
Chicago, IL 60606-3709
Fax: (312)906-3636

 9
 10

G. ANDREW BARFUSS
1499 North Cherry Blossom Drive
Farmington, UT 84025-3900
Fax: (801)451-9708

J. MERRILL BEAN
1972 North 2600 East
Layton, UT 84040
Fax: (801)451-9708

JOAN BEAN
1972 North 2600 East
Layton, UT 84040
Fax: (801)451-9708

SCOT JARVIS
4153 Issaquah Pine Lake Road
Issaquah, Washington 98029
Fax: (206) 392-9944

 10

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 10
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT RE: CRAIG O. MCCAW

1
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of June 30, 1999, is
between NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company")
and Craig O. McCaw ("COM").

 WHEREAS, COM currently owns directly 535,369 shares of Class B
common stock, .02 par value, of the Company, (the "Class B Common Stock"); and

 WHEREAS, the Company wishes to grant COM and certain of his
Affiliates, as hereinafter defined, certain registration rights with respect to
the shares of Class A common stock, par value .02 per share of the Company (the
"Class A Common Stock") into which the shares of Class B Common Stock are
convertible, as provided further herein.

 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises herein contained and
other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereto agree as follows:

 1. Definitions.

 As used in this Agreement:

 (i) the terms "register," "registered" and "registration" refer to a
registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement in
compliance with the Act (and any post-effective amendments filed or required to
be filed) and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration
statement;

 (ii) the term "Registrable Securities" means (A) any shares of Class
A Common Stock acquired by COM or any COM Affiliate through conversion of Class
B Common Stock and (B) any capital stock of the Company issued as a dividend or
other distribution with respect to, or in exchange for or in replacement of, the
shares of Class A Common Stock referred to in clause (A) above;

 (iii) the term "Other Holders" shall mean those parties that are a
signatory to that certain Registration Rights Agreement dated January 15, 1997
among the Company and the parties listed on Schedule A hereto,Wendy P. McCaw and
her affiliates, as defined in that certain Registration Rights Agreement dated
November 7, 1997, and any COM Affiliate;

 (iv) the term "Holder" shall mean COM or any COM Affiliate that
holds Registrable Securities;

 (v) "Commission" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission
or any other federal agency at the time administering the Act;

 (vi) "Registration Expenses" shall mean all third-party expenses
incurred by the Company in compliance with Sections 2 and 3 hereof, including,
without limitation, all registration and filing fees, printing expenses, fees
and disbursements of counsel for the Company and the underwriters, if any, blue
sky fees and expenses and the third-party expenses of any special audits
incident to or required by any such registration (but excluding the compensation
of regular employees of the Company, which shall be paid in any event by the
Company);

Page - 1 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

2

(vii) "Selling Expenses" shall mean all underwriting discounts and
selling commissions applicable to the sale of securities and all fees and
disbursements of counsel for each of the holders of registered securities;

 (viii) "Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and

 (ix) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

 (x) "COM Affiliates" means any entity, or employee or member of any
entity, over which COM has direct or indirect majority voting control.

 2. Requested Registration.

 (i) Request for Registration. If the Company shall receive from a
 Holder, a written request that the Company effect any registration with
respect to all or a part of the Registrable Securities, the Company will,
subject to compliance with any applicable underwriters' lock-up agreements in
effect as of the date of such request:

 (A) promptly give written notice of the proposed registration
 qualification or compliance to all Other Holders ; and

 (B) as soon as practicable, use its diligent best efforts to
 effect such registration (including, without limitation, the execution of
 an undertaking to file post-effective amendments, appropriate
 qualification under applicable blue sky or other state securities laws and
 appropriate compliance with applicable regulations issued under the Act)
 as may be so requested and as would permit or facilitate the sale and
 distribution as soon as is practicable of all or such portion of such
 Registrable Securities as are specified in such request, together with all
 or such portion of the Registrable Securities of any Holder or Holders
 joining in such request as are specified in a written request received by
 the Company within twenty (20) business days after written notice from the
 Company is given under Section 2(i)(A) above; provided that the Company
 shall not be obligated to effect, or take any action to effect, any such
 registration pursuant to this Section 2:

 (a) In any particular jurisdiction in which the Company would
 be required to execute a general consent to service of process in
 effecting such registration, qualification or compliance, unless the
 Company is already subject to service in such jurisdiction and
 except as may be required by the Act or applicable rules or
 regulations thereunder;

 (b) After the Company has effected one (1) such registration
 pursuant to this Section 2 and such registration has been declared
 or ordered effective and the sales of such Registrable Securities
 shall have closed;

 (c) If the securities requested by COM and all Other Holders
 to be registered pursuant to such request have an anticipated
 aggregate public offering price (before any underwriting discounts
 and commissions) of less than 10,000,000.

 The registration statement filed pursuant to the request of COM may,
subject to the

Page - 2 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 3

provisions of Section 2(ii) below, include other securities of the Company which
are held by officers or directors of the Company, or which are held by persons
who, by virtue of agreements with the Company, are entitled to include their
securities in any such registration, but the Company shall have no absolute
right to include any of its securities in any such registration.

 The registration rights set forth in this Section 2 are personal to
COM and shall not be assignable, by operation of law or otherwise, to any third
party other than a COM Affiliate.

 (ii) Underwriting. If COM or a COM Affiliate intends to distribute
the Registrable Securities covered by their request by means of an underwriting,
the initiating Holder shall so advise the Company as a part of their request
made pursuant to Section 2.

 If officers or directors of the Company holding other securities of
the Company shall request inclusion in any registration pursuant to Section 2,
or if holders of securities of the Company other than Registrable Securities who
are entitled, by contract with the Company or otherwise, to have securities
included in such a registration (the "Other Stockholders") request such
inclusion, COM shall offer to include the securities of such officers, directors
and Other Stockholders in the underwriting and may condition such offer on their
acceptance of the further applicable provisions of this Section 2. COM, any COM
Affiliate participating in the registration, and the Company shall (together
with all officers, directors and Other Stockholders proposing to distribute
their securities through such underwriting) enter into an underwriting agreement
in customary form with the representative of the underwriter or underwriters
selected for such underwriting by COM and reasonably acceptable to the Company.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2, if the representative
advises the Holders that marketing factors require a limitation on the number of
shares to be underwritten, the securities of the Company held by officers or
directors of the Company and the securities held by Other Stockholders (other
than the Other Holders) shall be excluded from such registration to the extent
so required by such limitation. If, after the exclusion of such shares, further
reductions are still required, the number of shares included in the registration
by COM and each Other Holder shall be reduced on a pro rata basis (based on the
number of shares proposed to be sold by COM or such Other Holders), by such
minimum number of shares as is necessary to comply with such request. No
Registrable Securities or any other securities excluded from the underwriting by
reason of the underwriter's marketing limitation shall be included in such
registration. If any officer, director or Other Stockholder who has requested
inclusion in such registration as provided above disapproves of the terms of the
underwriting, such person may elect to withdraw therefrom by written notice to
the Company, the underwriter and COM. The securities so withdrawn shall also be
withdrawn from registration. If the underwriter has not limited the number of
Registrable Securities or other securities to be underwritten, the Company may
include its securities for its own account in such registration if the
representative so agrees and if the number of Registrable Securities and other
securities which would otherwise have been included in such registration and
underwriting will not thereby be limited.

 (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company shall furnish to
the Holders a certificate signed by the President or Chief Executive Officer of
the Company stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of
the Company, it would be seriously detrimental to the Company and its
shareholders for such registration statement to be filed and it is therefore
essential to defer the filing of such registration statement, then the Company
shall have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than 120 days
after receipt of the request of the initiating Holder; provided, however, that
the Company may not utilize this right more than once in any twelve (12) month
period.

Page - 3 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 4

3. Company Registration.

 (i) If, at any time, the Company shall determine to register any of
its equity securities either for its own account or for the account of a
security holder or holders exercising their respective demand registration
rights, other than a registration relating solely to employee benefit plans, or
a registration relating solely to a Commission Rule 145 transaction, or a
registration on any registration form which does not permit secondary sales or
does not include substantially the same information as would be required to be
included in a registration statement covering the sale of Registrable
Securities, the Company will:

 (A) promptly give to each of the Holders a written notice
 thereof (which shall include a list of the jurisdictions in which the
 Company intends to attempt to qualify such securities under the applicable
 blue sky or other state securities laws); and

 (B) include in such registration (and any related
 qualification under blue sky laws or other compliance), and in any
 underwriting involved therein, all the Registrable Securities specified in
 a written request or requests, made by the Holders within twenty (20) days
 after receipt of the written notice from the Company described in clause
 (i) above, except as set forth in Section 3(ii) below. Such written
 request may specify all or a part of Registrable Securities held by COM or
 a COM Affiliate.

 (ii) Underwriting. If the registration of which the Company gives
notice is for a registered public offering involving an underwriting, the
Company shall so advise each of the Holders as a part of the written notice
given pursuant to Section 3(i)(A). In such event, the right of each of the
Holders to registration pursuant to this Section 3 shall be conditioned upon
such Holders' participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such
Holders' Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided
herein. The Holders whose shares are to be included in such registration shall
(together with the Company and the Other Stockholders distributing their
securities through such underwriting) enter into an underwriting agreement in
customary form with the representative of the underwriter or underwriters
selected for underwriting by the Company. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Section 3, if the representative determines that marketing factors require
a limitation on the number of shares to be underwritten, the representative may
(subject to the allocation priority set forth below) limit the number of
Registrable Securities to be included in the registration and underwriting. The
Company shall so advise all holders of securities requesting registration, and
the number of shares of securities that are entitled to be included in the
registration and underwriting shall be allocated in the following manner: The
securities of the Company held by officers, directors and Other Stockholders
(other than the Other Holders) of the Company (other than securities held by
holders who by contractual right initiated the demand for such registration
("Demanding Holders")) shall be excluded from such registration and underwriting
to the extent required by such limitation, and, if a limitation on the number of
shares is still required, the number of shares that may be included in the
registration and underwriting by COM and each of the Other Holders and Demanding
Holders shall be reduced, on a pro rata basis (based on the number of shares
proposed to be sold by COM and such Other Holders or Demanding Holders), by such
minimum number of shares as is necessary to comply with such limitation. If any
of COM or such Other Holders or Demanding Holders or any officer, director or
Other Stockholder disapproves of the terms of any such underwriting, he may
elect to withdraw therefrom by written notice to the Company and the
underwriter. Any Registrable Securities or other securities excluded or
withdrawn from such underwriting shall be withdrawn from such registration.

 (iii) Number and Transferability. Each of the Holders shall be
entitled to have his

Page - 4 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 5

shares included in an unlimited number of registrations pursuant to this Section
3. The registration rights granted pursuant to this Section 3 are personal to
the Holders and shall not be assignable, by operation of law or otherwise to any
third party that is not a COM Affiliate.

 4. Expenses of Registration. All Registration Expenses and Selling
Expenses incurred in connection with any registration, qualification or
compliance pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement shall be borne by the holders
of the securities so registered pro rata on the basis of the number of shares so
registered. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event the
Company includes shares in any registration, qualification or compliance
pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement, the Company shall pay the Registration
Expenses in proportion to the Company's share of the total number of shares
included in such registration. All Registration Expenses incurred in connection
with any registration, qualification or compliance pursuant to Section 3 of this
Agreement shall be borne by the Company (or the Demanding Holders if so provided
in the applicable contract), and all Selling Expenses incurred in connection
with any such registration, qualification or compliance shall be borne by the
holders of securities so registered pro rata on the basis of the number of
shares so registered.

 5. Registration Procedures. In the case of each registration
effected by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the Company will keep the
Holders advised in writing as to the initiation of each registration and as to
the completion thereof. The Company will:

 (i) Keep such registration effective for a period of one
 hundred eighty (180) days or until the Holders have completed the
 distribution described in the registration statement relating thereto,
 whichever first occurs; provided, however, that (A) such 180-day period
 shall be extended for a period of time equal to the period during which
 the Holders will refrain from selling any securities included in such
 registration in accordance with provisions in Section 9 hereof; and (B) in
 the case of any registration of Registrable Securities on Form S-3 which
 are intended to be offered on a continuous or delayed basis, such 180-day
 period shall be extended until all such Registrable Securities are sold,
 provided that Rule 415, or any successor rule under the Act, permits an
 offering on a continuous or delayed basis, and provided further that
 applicable rules under the Act governing the obligation to file a
 post-effective amendment permit, in lieu of filing a post-effective
 amendment which (1) includes any prospectus required by Section 10(a) of
 the Act or (2) reflects facts or events representing a material or
 fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration
 statement, the incorporation by reference of information required to be
 included in (1) and (2) above to be contained in periodic reports filed
 pursuant to Section 12 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act in the registration
 statement.

 (ii) Furnish such number of prospectuses and other documents
 incident thereto as each of the Holders from time to time may reasonably
 request; provided, however, that COM and the other holders of securities
 so registered, pro rata on the basis of the number of their shares so
 included in such registration, shall reimburse the Company for expenses
 incurred in performing its obligations under this Section 5.

 (iii) Prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and
 supplements to such registration statement and the prospectus used in
 connection with such registration statement as may be necessary to comply
 with the provisions of the Act with respect to the disposition of all
 securities covered by such registration statement.

Page - 5 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 6

(iv) Use its best efforts to register and qualify the
 securities covered by such registration statement under such other
 securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as shall be reasonably
 requested by the Holders, provided that the Company shall not be required
 in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to qualify to do
 business or to file a general consent to service of process in any such
 states or jurisdictions.

 (v) In the event of any underwritten public offering, enter
 into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual
 and customary form, with the managing underwriter of such offering. Each
 Holder participating in such underwriting shall also enter into and
 perform his obligations under such an agreement.

 (vi) Furnish, at the request of any Holder requesting
 registration pursuant to this Agreement, on the date that such Registrable
 Securities are delivered to the underwriters for sale in connection with a
 registration pursuant to this Agreement, if such securities are being sold
 through underwriters, or, if such securities are not being sold through
 underwriters, on the date that the registration statement with respect to
 such securities becomes effective, (A) an opinion, dated such date, of the
 counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such registration, in
 form and substance as is customarily given to underwriters in an
 underwritten public offering, addressed to the underwriters, if any, and
 to the Holders requesting registration and (B) a letter dated such date,
 from the independent certified public accountants of the Company, in form
 and substance as is customarily given by independent certified public
 accountants to underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed
 to the underwriters, if any, and to the Holders requesting registration of
 Registrable Securities.

 6. Indemnification.

 (i) The Company will indemnify COM, each COM Affiliate and each of
the officers, directors and partners and each person controlling each of the COM
entities (collectively the "COM Indemnified Parties"), with respect to each
registration which has been effected pursuant to this Agreement, and each
underwriter, if any, and each person who controls any underwriter, against all
claims, losses, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arising
out of or based on any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a
material fact contained in any prospectus, offering circular or other document
(including any related registration statement, notification or the like)
incident to any such registration, qualification or compliance, or based on any
omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or
any violation by the Company of the Act or any rule or regulation thereunder
applicable to the Company and relating to action or inaction required of the
Company in connection with any such registration, qualification or compliance,
and will reimburse each of the COM Indemnified Parties, each such underwriter
and each person who controls any such underwriter, for any legal and any other
expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating and defending any
such claim, loss, damage, liability or action, provided that the Company will
not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such claim, loss, damage,
liability or expense arises out of or is based on any untrue statement or
omission based upon written information furnished to the Company by COM, or
other COM indemnified parties, or the underwriter and stated to be specifically
for use therein.

 (ii) COM will, if Registrable Securities held by COM are
 included in the securities as to which such registration,
 qualification or compliance is being effected, indemnify

Page - 6 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 7

the Company, each of its directors and officers and each
 underwriter, if any, of the Company's securities covered by
 such a registration statement, each person who controls the
 Company or such underwriter within the meaning of the Act
 and the rules and regulations thereunder, each Other
 Stockholder and each of their officers, directors, and
 partners, and each person controlling such Other
 Stockholder against all claims, losses, damages and
 liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arising out of
 or based on any untrue statement (or alleged untrue
 statement) of a material fact contained in any such
 registration statement, prospectus, offering circular or
 other document made by COM, or any omission (or alleged
 omission) to state therein a material fact required to be
 stated therein or necessary to make the statements by COM
 therein not misleading, and will reimburse the Company and
 such Other Stockholders, directors, officers, partners,
 persons, underwriters or control persons for any legal or
 any other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with
 investigating or defending any such claim, loss, damage,
 liability or action, in each case to the extent, but only
 to the extent, that such untrue statement (or alleged
 untrue statement) or omission (or alleged omission) is made
 in such registration statement, prospectus, offering
 circular or other document in reliance upon and in
 conformity with written information furnished to the
 Company by COM or other COM indemnified parties and stated
 to be specifically for use therein; provided, however, that
 the obligations of COM hereunder shall be limited to an
 amount equal to the net proceeds to of securities sold as
 contemplated herein.

 (iii) Each party entitled to indemnification under this Section 6
(the "Indemnified Party") shall give notice to the party required to provide
indemnification (the "Indemnifying Party") promptly after such Indemnified Party
has actual knowledge of any claim as to which indemnity may be sought, and shall
permit the Indemnifying Party to assume the defense of any such claim or any
litigation resulting therefrom; provided that counsel for the Indemnifying
Party, who shall conduct the defense of such claim or any litigation resulting
therefrom, shall be approved by the Indemnified Party (whose approval shall not
unreasonably be withheld) and the Indemnified Party may participate in such
defense at such party's expense (unless the Indemnified Party shall have
reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of interest between the
Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party in such action, in which case the
fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party),
and provided further that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give notice as
provided herein shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations
under this Section 6 unless the Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced
thereby. No Indemnifying Party, in the defense of any such claim or litigation,
shall, except with the consent of each Indemnified Party, consent to entry of
any judgment or enter into any settlement which does not include as an
unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such
Indemnified Party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or
litigation. Each Indemnified Party shall furnish such information regarding
itself or the claim in question as an Indemnifying Party may reasonably request
in writing and as shall be reasonably required in connection with the defense of
such claim and litigation resulting therefrom.

 (iv) If the indemnification provided for in this Section 6 is held
by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an Indemnified Party
with respect to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense referred to
herein, then the Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified
Party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such
Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense
in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the

Page - 7 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 8

Indemnifying Party on the one hand and of the Indemnified Party on the other in
connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such loss,
liability, claim, damage or expense, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and of the
Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things,
whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the
omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the
Indemnifying Party or by the Indemnified Party and the parties' relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
statement or omission.

 (v) Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the provisions
on indemnification and contribution contained in the underwriting agreement
entered into in connection with any underwritten public offering contemplated by
this Agreement are in conflict with the foregoing provisions, the provisions in
such underwriting agreement shall be controlling.

 (vi) The foregoing indemnity agreement of the Company and COM is
subject to the condition that, insofar as they relate to any loss, claim,
liability or damage made in a preliminary prospectus but eliminated or remedied
in the amended prospectus on file with the Commission at the time the
registration statement in question becomes effective or the amended prospectus
filed with the Commission pursuant to Commission Rule 424(b) (the "Final
Prospectus"), such indemnity agreement shall not inure to the benefit of any
underwriter if a copy of the Final Prospectus was furnished to the underwriter
and was not furnished to the person asserting the loss, liability, claim or
damage at or prior to the time such action is required by the Act.

 7. Information by the Holders. Each of the Holders and each Other
Stockholder holding securities included in any registration shall furnish to the
Company such information regarding such Holder or Other Stockholder and the
distribution proposed by such Holder or Other Stockholder as the Company may
reasonably request in writing and as shall be reasonably required in connection
with any registration, qualification or compliance referred to in this
Agreement.

 8. Rule 144 Reporting.

 With a view to making available the benefits of certain rules and
regulations of the Commission which may permit the sale of restricted securities
to the public without registration, the Company agrees to:

 (i) make and keep public information available as those terms
 are understood and defined in Rule 144, at all times from and after ninety
 (90) days following the effective date of the first registration under the
 Act filed by the Company for an offering of its securities to the general
 public;

 (ii) use its best efforts to file with the Commission in a
 timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company
 under the Act and the Exchange Act at any time after it has become subject
 to such reporting requirements; and

 (iii) so long as the Holder owns any Registrable Securities,
 furnish to the Holder upon request, a written statement by the Company as
 to its compliance with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 (at any time
 from and after ninety (90) days following the effective date of the first
 registration statement filed by the Company for an offering of its
 securities to the general

Page - 8 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 9

public), and of the Act and the Exchange Act (at any time after it has
 become subject to such reporting requirements), a copy of the most recent
 annual or quarterly report of the Company, and such other reports and
 documents so filed as the Holder may reasonably request in availing
 himself of any rule or regulation of the Commission allowing the Holder to
 sell any such securities without registration.

 9. "Market Stand-off" Agreement. Each Holder will agree, if
requested by the Company and an underwriter of Common Stock (or other
securities) of the Company, not to sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any
Class A Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company held by such Holder
during the 90 day period following any registration statement filed under the
Act to register Common Stock of the Company.

 If requested by the underwriters, the Holders shall execute a
separate agreement to the foregoing effect. The Company may impose stop-transfer
instructions with respect to the shares (or securities) subject to the foregoing
restriction until the end of such period.

 10. Termination. The registration rights set forth in this Agreement
shall not be available to COM or the COM Affiliates if, in the opinion of
counsel to the Company, all of the Registrable Securities then owned by COM and
the COM Affiliates could be sold in any 90-day period pursuant to Rule 144 under
the Act (without giving effect to the provisions of Rule 144(k)). In addition,
the registration rights set forth in this Agreement shall terminate upon the
transfer or assignment of the Registrable Securities to any non-affiliated third
party.

 11. Notices. All communications provided for hereunder shall be sent
by first-class mail or facsimile and (a) if addressed to COM, addressed to COM
at the address or fax number contained on Schedule B to this Agreement, or at
such other address or fax number as COM shall have furnished to the Company in
writing or (b) if addressed to the Company, at 500 108th Avenue NE, 8th Floor,
Bellevue, Washington 98004, Attention: General Counsel, or fax number (425)
519-8910 or at such other address or fax number, or to the attention of such
other officer, as the Company shall have furnished to COM in writing. Notices
sent by first-class mail shall be deemed received three days after the date of
deposit of such notice in the United States mail. Notices sent by facsimile
shall be deemed received upon receipt by the notified party's facsimile machine.

 12. No Assignment. This Agreement is personal to COM and shall not
be assignable, by operation of law or otherwise to any third party other than a
COM Affiliate.

 13. Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings of the several
sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for reference only and
shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

 14. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and
enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed
by, the laws of the State of Delaware

 15. No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company will not on or after the
date of this Agreement enter into any agreement with respect to its securities
that conflicts with or would limit the rights granted to COM in this Agreement
or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof.

 16. Amendments and Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be
amended or

Page - 9 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 10

waived except by an instrument in writing signed by the party sought to be
bound.

 17. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in
any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this agreement to be
executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

By: /s/ Craig O. McCaw
 ------------------------------
 Craig O. McCaw

 NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

By: /s/ R. Bruce Easter
 ------------------------------
 Name: R. Bruce Easter
 ----------------------
 Title: Vice President
 ----------------------

Page - 10 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

11

SCHEDULE A

 OTHER HOLDERS' ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES

EAGLE RIVER INVESTMENTS, L.L.C.
c/o C. James Judson
2300 Carillon Point
Kirkland, WA 98033
Fax: (425) 828-8061

NEXTLINK, INC. c/o R. Bruce Easter, Jr.
500 108th Avenue N.E., Suite 2200
Bellevue, WA 98004
Fax: (425) 519-8910

BWP, INC.
c/o Robert Kingery
707 S.W. Washington, 8th Floor
Portland, OR 97205
Fax: (503) 727-6821

ROWENA FAMILY LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
c/o Scot Jarvis
4153 Issaquah Pine Lake Road
Issaquah, WA 98029
Fax: (425) 392-9944

PENNS LIGHT COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
c/o Gary Rawding
925 Berkshire Blvd.
Wyomissing, PA 91610
Fax: (610) 288-5666

PROBE VENTURES CORP.
c/o Victor Schnee
Three Wing Drive, Suite 240
Cedar Knolls, NJ 07927-1000
Fax: (201) 285-1519

CITY SIGNAL, INC.
c/o Richard Postma
Miller, Johnson, Snell & Cummiskey
800 Calder Plaza Building
Grand Rapids, MI 49503
Fax: (616) 459-6708

Page - 11 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 12

U.S. NETWORK CORPORATION
c/o Ron Gavillet
10 South Riverside Plaza, Suite 401
Chicago, IL 60606-3709
Fax: (312) 906-3636

G. ANDREW BARFUSS
1499 North Cherry Blossom Drive
Farmington, UT 84025-3900
Fax: (801)451-9708

J. MERRILL BEAN
1972 North 2600 East
Layton, UT 84040
Fax: (801)451-9708

JOAN BEAN
1972 North 2600 East
Layton, UT 84040
Fax: (801)451-9708

SCOT JARVIS
4153 Issaquah Pine Lake Road
Issaquah, Washington 98029
Fax: (206) 392-9944

WENDY P. MCCAW
C/O Greg Parker
Ampersand Holdings, Inc.
1301 Santa Barbara St.
Santa Barbara, CA. 93101
Fax: (805) 884-0249

Page - 12 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

13

 SCHEDULE B

 CRAIG O. McCAW'S ADDRESS FOR NOTICES

Craig O. McCaw
Eagle River, Inc.
2300 Carillon Point
Kirkland, WA 98083-2908
Fax: (425) 828-8061

Page - 13 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 11
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT RE: CLASS A STOCK

1

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 Dated as of January 20, 2000

 between

 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.

and

 The Purchasers Listed on the Signature Pages Hereto

2

 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of January 20, 2000 between
NEXTLINK Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company") and the
entities listed on the signature pages hereto under the caption "Purchasers"
(each a "Purchaser" and, collectively, the "Purchasers").

 The Company and the Purchasers have entered it into a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") dated as of December 7, 1999 pursuant to
which simultaneously herewith, the Purchasers are purchasing (i) an aggregate of
584,375 shares of the Company's Series C Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per
share (the "Series C Preferred Stock") and (ii) an aggregate of 265,625 shares
of the Company's Series D Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the
"Series D Preferred Stock" and, collectively with the Series C Preferred Stock,
the "Preferred Shares").

 As part of, and as consideration for, the acquisition of the Preferred
Shares by the Purchasers from the Company on the date hereof and from time to
time hereafter, the Company hereby grants to the Purchasers certain registration
and other rights with respect to its shares of Class A Common Stock as more
fully set forth herein.

 Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:

 1. Definitions. As used herein, unless the context otherwise
requires, the following terms have the following respective meanings:

 "Certificate of Incorporation" means the Certificate of Incorporation of
the Company, as it may be amended or restated hereafter from time to time.

 "Commission" means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other
Federal agency at the time administering the Securities Act.

 "Common Stock" means any shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01
per share, of the Company, now or hereafter authorized to be issued, and any and
all securities of any kind whatsoever of the Company which may be exchanged for
or converted into Common Stock, any and all securities of any kind whatsoever of
the Company which may be issued on or after the date hereof in respect of, in
exchange for, or upon conversion of shares of Common Stock pursuant to a merger,
consolidation, stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization of the Company or
otherwise.

 "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
any similar Federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the Commission
thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. Reference to a
particular section of the Exchange Act shall include a reference to the
comparable section, if any, of any such similar Federal statute.

3

 "Person" means a corporation, an association, a partnership, an
organization, a business, a trust, an individual, or any other entity or
organization, including a government or political subdivision or an
instrumentality or agency thereof.

 "Registrable Securities" means (i) any shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable upon the conversion of any Preferred Shares held by the Purchasers and
(ii) any shares of Common Stock issued with respect to the Common Stock referred
to in clause (i) by way of a stock dividend, stock split or reverse stock split
or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger,
consolidation or otherwise. As to any particular Registrable Securities, such
securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (a) when a registration
statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become
effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been disposed
of in accordance with such registration statement, (b) when such securities
shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for them not bearing a
legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and
subsequent public distribution of them shall not require registration of them
under the Securities Act, (c) when such securities are eligible for sale under
Rule 144(k) or any successor provision, or (d) when such securities shall have
been sold as permitted by, and in compliance with, the Securities Act.

 "Registration Expenses" means all expenses incident to the registration
and disposition of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2 hereof,
including, without limitation, all registration, filing and applicable national
securities exchange fees, all fees and expenses of complying with state
securities or blue sky laws (including fees and disbursements of counsel to the
underwriters or the Purchasers in connection with "blue sky" qualification of
the Registrable Securities and determination of their eligibility for investment
under the laws of the various jurisdictions), all word processing, duplicating
and printing expenses, all messenger and delivery expenses, the fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Company and of its independent public
accountants, including the expenses of "cold comfort" letters or any special
audits required by, or incident to, such registration, all fees and
disbursements of underwriters (other than underwriting discounts and
commissions), all transfer taxes, and all fees and expenses of counsel to the
Purchasers; provided, however, that Registration Expenses shall exclude, and the
Purchasers shall pay, underwriting discounts and commissions in respect of the
Registrable Securities being registered.

 "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any
similar Federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the Commission
thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. References to a
particular section of the Securities Act shall include a reference to the
comparable section, if any, of any such similar Federal statute.

- 2 -
 4

 2. Registration Under Securities Act, etc.

 2.1 Registration on Request.

 (a) Request. At any time or from time to time after the
Purchasers are permitted to transfer Registrable Securities pursuant to Section
4.15 of the Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers shall have the right to require
the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of all or part
of the Registrable Securities, by delivering a written request therefor to the
Company specifying the number of shares of Registrable Securities and the
intended method of distribution. The Company shall (i) use its reasonable best
efforts to effect the registration under the Securities Act (including by means
of a shelf registration pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act if so
requested in such request and if the Company is then eligible to use such a
registration) of the Registrable Securities which the Company has been so
requested to register by the Purchasers, for distribution in accordance with the
intended method of distribution set forth in the written request delivered by
the Purchasers, such registration to be effected as expeditiously as possible
(but in any event within 90 days of receipt of a written request), and (ii) if
requested by the Purchasers, use its reasonable best efforts to obtain
acceleration of the effective date of the registration statement relating to
such registration.

 (b) Registration of Other Securities. Whenever the
Company shall effect a registration pursuant to this Section 2.1 in connection
with an underwritten offering by the Purchasers of Registrable Securities, no
securities other than Registrable Securities shall be included among the
securities covered by such registration if inclusion of such other securities
would result in a request by the managing underwriters for a reduction in the
number of Registrable Securities requested to be so registered, except as
required by the terms of registration rights agreements in effect on the date
hereof.

 (c) Registration Statement Form. Registrations under
this Section 2.1 shall be on such appropriate registration form of the
Commission as, subject to clause (a)(i) above, shall be selected by the Company
and as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers. The Company agrees to
include in any such registration statement all information which, in the opinion
of counsel to the Purchasers and counsel to the Company, is necessary or
desirable to be included therein.

 (d) Expenses. The Company shall pay all Registration
Expenses in connection with any registration requested pursuant to this Section
2.1.

 (e) Effective Registration Statement. A registration
requested pursuant to this Section 2.1 shall not be deemed to have been effected
(including for purposes of paragraph (h) of this Section 2.1) (i) unless a
registration

- 3 -
 5

statement with respect thereto has become effective and has been kept
continuously effective for a period of at least 365 days (or such shorter period
which shall terminate when all the Registrable Securities covered by such
registration statement have been sold pursuant thereto), (ii) if after it has
become effective, such registration is interfered with by any stop order,
injunction or other order or requirement of the Commission or other governmental
agency or court for any reason not attributable to the Purchasers and has not
thereafter become effective, or (iii) if the conditions to closing specified in
the underwriting agreement, if any, entered into in connection with such
registration are not satisfied or waived.

 (f) Selection of Underwriters. The underwriters of each
underwritten offering of the Registrable Securities so to be registered shall be
selected by the Purchasers, subject to the Company's approval, which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld.

 (g) Right to Withdraw. If the managing underwriter of
any underwritten offering shall advise the Purchasers that the Registrable
Securities covered by the registration statement cannot be sold in such offering
within a price range acceptable to the Purchasers, then the Purchasers shall
have the right to notify the Company in writing that they have determined that
the registration statement be abandoned or withdrawn, in which event the Company
shall abandon or withdraw such registration statement. In the event of such
abandonment or withdrawal, such request shall not be counted for purposes of the
requests for registration to which the Purchasers are entitled pursuant to this
Section 2.1, and the Purchasers shall pay, or reimburse the Company for, all
Registration Expenses related thereto.

 (h) Limitations on Registration on Request. The
Purchasers shall be entitled to require the Company to effect, and the Company
shall be required to effect, three registrations in the aggregate pursuant to
this Section 2.1.

 (i) Postponement. The Company shall be entitled once in
any six-month period to postpone for a reasonable period of time (but not
exceeding 60 days) (the "Postponement Period") the filing of any registration
statement required to be prepared and filed by it pursuant to this Section 2.1
if the Company determines, in its reasonable judgment, that such registration
and offering would materially interfere with any material financing, corporate
reorganization or other material transaction involving the Company or any
subsidiary, or would require premature disclosure thereof, and promptly gives
the Purchasers written notice of such determination, containing a general
statement of the reasons for such postponement (which the Purchasers shall
maintain in strict confidence in accordance with the Confidentiality Agreement
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) and an approximation of the anticipated
delay. If the Company shall so postpone the filing of a registration statement,
(i) the Company shall use its

- 4 -
 6

reasonable best efforts to limit the delay to as short a period as is
practicable and (ii) the Purchasers shall have the right to withdraw the request
for registration by giving written notice to the Company at any time and, in the
event of such withdrawal, such request shall not be counted for purposes of the
requests for registration to which the Purchasers are entitled pursuant to this
Section 2.1.

 (j) Shelf Registration. If the Purchasers request that
the Company effect a registration of Registrable Securities by means of shelf
registration pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (a "Shelf
Registration Statement"), in addition to the other requirements contained
herein, the Company shall, at its cost, use its reasonable best efforts to keep
the Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective in order to permit the
Prospectus forming part thereof to be usable by the Purchasers until such time
as all the Registrable Securities covered by the Shelf Registration Statement
have been sold pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement or cease to be
outstanding (the "Effectiveness Period"); provided, however, that the
Effectiveness Period in respect of the Shelf Registration Statement shall be
extended to the extent required to permit dealers to comply with the applicable
prospectus delivery requirements under the Securities Act and as otherwise
provided herein.

 2.2 Incidental Registration.

 (a) Right to Include Registrable Securities. If the
Company at any time proposes to register any of its securities for the account
of any other stockholder under the Securities Act by registration on Form S-1,
S-2 or S-3 or any successor or similar form(s) (except registrations on any such
Form or similar form(s) solely for registration of securities in connection with
an employee benefit plan or dividend reinvestment plan or a merger or
consolidation or incidental to an issuance of securities under Rule 144A under
the Securities Act), it will each such time give prompt written notice to the
Purchasers of its intention to do so and of the Purchasers' rights under this
Section 2.2. At any time or from time to time after the Purchasers are permitted
to transfer Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 4.15 of the Purchase
Agreement, upon the written request of the Purchasers (which request shall
specify the maximum number of Registrable Securities intended to be disposed of
by the Purchasers), made as promptly as practicable and in any event within 30
days after the receipt of any such notice (10 days if the Company states in such
written notice or gives telephonic notice to the Purchasers, with written
confirmation to follow promptly thereafter, stating that (i) such registration
will be on Form S-3 and (ii) such shorter period of time is required because of
a planned filing date), the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
effect the registration under the Securities Act of all Registrable Securities
which the Company has been so requested to register by the Purchasers; provided,
however, that if, at any time after giving written notice of its intention to
register any securities and prior to the effective date of the registration
statement filed in connection

- 5 -
 7

with such registration, the Company shall determine for any reason not to
register or to delay registration of such securities, the Company shall give
written notice of such determination and its reasons therefor (which the
Purchasers will hold in strict confidence in accordance with the Confidentiality
Agreement) to the Purchasers and (i) in the case of a determination not to
register, shall be relieved of its obligation to register any Registrable
Securities in connection with such registration (but not from any obligation of
the Company to pay the Registration Expenses in connection therewith), without
prejudice, however, to the rights of the Purchasers to request that such
registration be effected as a registration under Section 2.1 and (ii) in the
case of a determination to delay registering, shall be permitted to delay
registering any Registrable Securities, for the same period as the delay in
registering such other securities. No registration effected under this Section
2.2 shall relieve the Company of its obligation to effect any registration upon
request under Section 2.1. The Company will pay all Registration Expenses in
connection with any registration of Registrable Securities requested pursuant to
this Section 2.2.

 (b) Right to Withdraw. The Purchasers shall have the
right to withdraw its request for inclusion of its Registrable Securities in any
registration statement pursuant to this Section 2.2 at any time prior to the
execution of an underwriting agreement with respect thereto by giving written
notice to the Company of its request to withdraw.

 (c) Priority in Incidental Registrations. If the
managing underwriter of any underwritten offering shall inform the Company by
letter of its belief that the number of Registrable Securities requested to be
included in such registration, when added to the number of other securities to
be offered in such registration, would materially adversely affect such
offering, then the Company shall include in such registration, to the extent of
the number and type which the Company is so advised can be sold in (or during
the time of) such offering without so materially adversely affecting such
offering (the "Section 2.2 Sale Amount") and to the fullest extent permitted by
the terms of applicable registration rights agreements in effect on the date
hereof, the securities proposed by the other stockholders triggering such
incidental registration, the Registrable Securities requested by the Purchasers
to be included in such registration pursuant to Section 2.2(a) and any other
securities of the Company requested to be included in such registration by any
other holder having the right to include securities on a pro rata basis (in an
amount in the aggregate equal to the Section 2.2 Sale Amount), based on the pro
rata amount of shares of Common Stock held, or obtainable by exercise or
conversion of other securities of the Company, by the Purchasers or such holder.

 (d) Plan of Distribution. Any participation by holders
of Registrable Securities in a registration by the Company shall be in
accordance with the

- 6 -
 8

Company's plan of distribution, provided that the Purchasers shall in
consultation with the Company have the right to select a co-managing
underwriter.

 2.3 Registration Procedures. If and whenever the Company
is required to use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of any
Registrable Securities under the Securities Act as provided in Sections 2.1 and
2.2 hereof, the Company shall as expeditiously as possible:

 (a) prepare and file with the Commission as soon as
 practicable the requisite registration statement to effect such
 registration (and shall include all financial statements required
 by the Commission to be filed therewith) and thereafter use its
 reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to
 become effective; provided, however, that before filing such
 registration statement (including all exhibits) or any amendment
 or supplement thereto or comparable statements under securities or
 blue sky laws of any jurisdiction, the Company shall as promptly
 as practicable furnish such documents to the Purchasers and each
 underwriter, if any, participating in the offering of the
 Registrable Securities and their respective counsel, which
 documents will be subject to the review and comments of the
 Purchasers, each underwriter and their respective counsel; and
 provided, further, however, that the Company may discontinue any
 registration of its securities which are not Registrable
 Securities at any time prior to the effective date of the
 registration statement relating thereto;

 (b) notify the Purchasers of the Commission's requests
 for amending or supplementing the registration statement and the
 prospectus, and prepare and file with the Commission such
 amendments and supplements to such registration statement and the
 prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to
 keep such registration statement effective and to comply with the
 provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition
 of all Registrable Securities covered by such registration
 statement for such period as shall be required for the disposition
 of all of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the
 intended method of distribution thereof; provided, that except
 with respect to any such registration statement filed pursuant to
 Rule 415 under the Securities Act, such period need not exceed 365
 days;

 (c) furnish, without charge, to the Purchasers and each
 underwriter such number of conformed copies of such registration
 statement and of each such amendment and supplement thereto (in
 each case including all exhibits), such number of copies of the
 prospectus contained in such registration statement (including
 each preliminary prospectus and any

- 7 -
 9

 summary prospectus) and any other prospectus filed under Rule 424
 under the Securities Act, in conformity with the requirements of
 the Securities Act, and such other documents, as the Purchasers
 and such underwriters may reasonably request;

 (d) use its reasonable best efforts (i) to register or
 qualify all Registrable Securities and other securities covered by
 such registration statement under such securities or blue sky laws
 of such States of the United States of America where an exemption
 is not available and as the Purchasers or any managing underwriter
 shall reasonably request, (ii) to keep such registration or
 qualification in effect for so long as such registration statement
 remains in effect, and (iii) to take any other action which may be
 reasonably necessary or advisable to enable the Purchasers to
 consummate the disposition in such jurisdictions of the securities
 to be sold by the Purchasers, except that the Company shall not
 for any such purpose be required to qualify generally to do
 business as a foreign corporation in any jurisdiction wherein it
 would not but for the requirements of this subsection (d) be
 obligated to be so qualified or to consent to general service of
 process in any such jurisdiction;

 (e) use its reasonable best efforts to cause all
 Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement to
 be registered with or approved by such other federal or state
 governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary in the
 opinion of counsel to the Company and counsel to the Purchasers to
 consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities;

 (f) furnish to the Purchasers and each underwriter, if
 any, participating in the offering of the securities covered by
 such registration statement, a signed counterpart of (i) an
 opinion of counsel for the Company, and (ii) a "comfort" letter
 signed by the independent public accountants who have certified
 the Company's or any other entity's financial statements included
 or incorporated by reference in such registration statement,
 covering substantially the same matters with respect to such
 registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and,
 in the case of the accountants' comfort letter, with respect to
 events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are
 customarily covered in opinions of issuer's counsel and in
 accountants' comfort letters delivered to the underwriters in
 underwritten public offerings of securities (and dated the dates
 such opinions and comfort letters are customarily dated) and, in
 the case of the legal opinion, such other legal matters;

- 8 -
 10

 (g) promptly notify the Purchasers and each managing
 underwriter, if any, participating in the offering of the
 securities covered by such registration statement (i) when such
 registration statement, any pre-effective amendment, the
 prospectus or any prospectus supplement related thereto or
 post-effective amendment to such registration statement has been
 filed, and, with respect to such registration statement or any
 post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective; (ii)
 of any request by the Commission for amendments or supplements to
 such registration statement or the prospectus related thereto or
 for additional information; (iii) of the issuance by the
 Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of such
 registration statement or the initiation of any proceedings for
 that purpose; (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any
 notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification
 of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities
 or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction or the initiation of any
 proceeding for such purpose; (v) at any time when a prospectus
 relating thereto is required to be delivered under the Securities
 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a
 result of which, the prospectus included in such registration
 statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a
 material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be
 stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
 misleading, in the light of the circumstances under which they
 were made, and in the case of this clause (v), at the request of
 the Purchasers promptly prepare and furnish to the Purchasers and
 each managing underwriter, if any, participating in the offering
 of the Registrable Securities, a reasonable number of copies of a
 supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be
 necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
 such securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
 therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances under
 which they were made; and (vi) at any time when the
 representations and warranties of the Company contemplated by
 Section 2.4(a) or (b) hereof cease to be true and correct;

 (h) otherwise comply with all applicable rules and
 regulations of the Commission, and make available to its security
 holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement
 covering the period of at least twelve months beginning with the
 first full calendar month after the effective date of such
 registration statement, which earnings statement shall satisfy the
 provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158
 promulgated thereunder, and promptly furnish to the Purchasers a
 copy of any amendment or supplement to such registration statement
 or prospectus;

 - 9 -
 11

 (i) provide and cause to be maintained a transfer agent
 and registrar (which, in each case, may be the Company) for all
 Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement from
 and after a date not later than the effective date of such
 registration;

 (j) (i) use its reasonable best efforts to cause all
 Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement to
 be listed on the NASDAQ "national market system" or the principal
 securities exchange on which similar securities issued by the
 Company are then listed (if any), if the listing of such
 Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules of such
 exchange, or (ii) if no similar securities are then so listed, use
 its reasonable best efforts to (x) cause all such Registrable
 Securities to be listed on a national securities exchange or (y)
 failing that, secure designation of all such Registrable
 Securities as a NASDAQ "national market system security" within
 the meaning of Rule 11Aa2-1 of the Commission or (z) failing that,
 to secure NASDAQ authorization for such shares and, without
 limiting the generality of the foregoing, to arrange for at least
 two market makers to register as such with respect to such shares
 with the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.;

 (k) deliver promptly to counsel to the Purchasers and
 each underwriter, if any, participating in the offering of the
 Registrable Securities, copies of all correspondence between the
 Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all
 memoranda relating to discussions with the Commission or its staff
 with respect to such registration statement;

 (l) use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the
 withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of the
 registration statement;

 (m) provide a CUSIP number for all Registrable
 Securities, no later than the effective date of the registration
 statement; and

 (n) in connection with any underwritten public offering,
 make available its senior executive officers, directors and
 chairman and otherwise provide reasonable assistance to the
 underwriters (taking into account the needs of the Company's
 business) in their marketing of Registrable Securities.

The Company may require the Purchasers to furnish the Company such information
regarding the Purchasers and the distribution of the Registrable Securities as
the Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing.

- 10 -
 12

 The Purchasers agrees that upon receipt of any notice from the
Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in paragraph
(g)(iii) or (v) of this Section 2.3, the Purchasers will, to the extent
appropriate, discontinue their disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to
the registration statement relating to such Registrable Securities until, in the
case of paragraph (g)(v) of this Section 2.3, their receipt of the copies of the
supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by paragraph (g)(v) of this
Section 2.3 and, if so directed by the Company, will deliver to the Company (at
the Company's expense) all copies, other than permanent file copies, then in
their possession, of the prospectus relating to such Registrable Securities
current at the time of receipt of such notice. If the disposition by the
Purchasers of their securities is discontinued pursuant to the foregoing
sentence, the Company shall extend the period of effectiveness of the
registration statement by the number of days during the period from and
including the date of the giving of notice to and including the date when the
Purchasers shall have received copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus
contemplated by paragraph (g)(v) of this Section 2.3; and, if the Company shall
not so extend such period, the Purchasers' request pursuant to which such
registration statement was filed shall not be counted for purposes of the
requests for registration to which the Purchasers are entitled pursuant to
Section 2.1 hereof.

 2.4 Underwritten Offerings.

 (a) Requested Underwritten Offerings. If requested by
the underwriters for any underwritten offering by the Purchasers pursuant to a
registration requested under Section 2.1, the Company shall enter into a
customary underwriting agreement (in the form of underwriting agreement used at
such time by the managing underwriter(s)) with a managing underwriter or
underwriters selected by the Purchasers. Such underwriting agreement shall be
satisfactory in form and substance to the Purchasers and shall contain such
representations and warranties by, and such other agreements on the part of, the
Company and such other terms as are generally prevailing in agreements of the
managing underwriter(s), including, without limitation, their customary
provisions relating to indemnification and contribution. The Purchasers shall be
party to such underwriting agreement and may, at their option, require that any
or all of the representations and warranties by, and the other agreements on the
part of, the Company to and for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be
made to and for the benefit of the Purchasers and that any or all of the
conditions precedent to the obligations of such underwriters under such
underwriting agreement be conditions precedent to the obligations of the
Purchasers.

 (b) Incidental Underwritten Offerings. In the case of a
registration pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, if the Company shall have
determined to enter into any underwriting agreements in connection therewith,
all of the Registrable Securities to be included in such registration shall be
subject to such underwriting

- 11 -
 13

agreements. The Purchasers may, at their option, require that any or all of the
representations and warranties by, and the other agreements on the part of, the
Company to and for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and
for the benefit of the Purchasers and that any or all of the conditions
precedent to the obligations of such underwriters under such underwriting
agreement be conditions precedent to the obligations of the Purchasers.

 2.5 Preparation; Reasonable Investigation. In connection with
the preparation and filing of each registration statement under the Securities
Act pursuant to this Agreement, the Company will give the Purchasers, their
underwriters, if any, and their respective counsel, accountants and other
representatives and agents the opportunity to participate in the preparation of
such registration statement, each prospectus included therein or filed with the
Commission, and each amendment thereof or supplement thereto, and give each of
them such access to its books and records and such opportunities to discuss the
business of the Company with its officers and employees and the independent
public accountants who have certified its financial statements, and supply all
other information reasonably requested by each of them, as shall be necessary or
appropriate, in the opinion of the Purchasers and such underwriters' respective
counsel, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the
Securities Act.

 2.6 Indemnification.

 (a) Indemnification by the Company. The Company agrees
that in the event of any registration of any securities of the Company under the
Securities Act, the Company shall, and hereby does, indemnify and hold harmless
the Purchasers, their respective directors, officers, members, partners, agents
and affiliates and each other Person who participates as an underwriter in the
offering or sale of such securities and each other Person, if any, who controls
the Purchasers or any such underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act,
against any losses, claims, damages, or liabilities, joint or several, to which
the Purchasers or any such director, officer, member, partner, agent or
affiliate or underwriter or controlling person may become subject under the
Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or
liabilities, joint or several (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or
threatened, in respect thereof), arise out of or are based upon (i) any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any
registration statement under which such securities were registered under the
Securities Act, any preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or summary
prospectus contained therein, or any amendment or supplement thereto, (ii) any
omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in light of the
circumstances in which they were made not misleading, or (iii) any violation by
the Company of any federal, state or common law rule or regulation applicable to
the Company and relating to action required of or inaction by the Company in
connection with any such registration, and the Company shall

- 12 -
 14

reimburse the Purchasers and each such director, officer, member, partner, agent
or affiliate, underwriter and controlling Person for any legal or any other
expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or
defending any such loss, claim, liability, action or proceeding; provided that
the Company shall not be liable in any such case to the Purchasers or any such
director, officer, member, partner, agent, affiliate, or controlling person to
the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, liability (or action or proceeding
in respect thereof) or expense arises out of or is based upon an untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in
such registration statement, any such preliminary prospectus, final prospectus,
summary prospectus, amendment or supplement in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company through an instrument duly
executed by or on behalf of the Purchasers, specifically stating that it is for
use in the preparation thereof. Such indemnity shall remain in full force
regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Purchasers or any
such director, officer, member, partner, agent, affiliate, underwriter or
controlling Person and shall survive the transfer of such securities by the
Purchasers.

 (b) Indemnification by the Purchasers. As a condition to
including any Registrable Securities in any registration statement, the Company
shall have received an undertaking reasonably satisfactory to it from the
Purchasers so including any Registrable Securities to indemnify and hold
harmless (in the same manner and to the same extent as set forth in paragraph
(a) of this Section 2.6) the Company, and each director of the Company, each
officer of the Company and each other Person, if any, who controls the Company
within the meaning of the Securities Act, with respect to any statement or
alleged statement in or omission or alleged omission from such registration
statement, any preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or summary prospectus
contained therein, or any amendment or supplement thereto, but only to the
extent such statement or alleged statement or omission or alleged omission was
made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to
the Company through an instrument duly executed by the Purchasers specifically
stating that it is for use in the preparation of such registration statement,
preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, summary prospectus, amendment or
supplement; provided, however, that the liability of such indemnifying party
under this Section 2.6(b) shall be limited to the amount of proceeds (net of
expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions) received by such
indemnifying party in the offering giving rise to such liability. Such indemnity
shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by
or on behalf of the Company or any such director, officer or controlling Person
and shall survive the transfer of such securities by the Purchasers.

 (c) Notices of Claims, etc. Promptly after receipt by an
indemnified party of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding
involving a claim referred to in the preceding subsections of this Section 2.6,
such indemnified party

- 13 -
 15

shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying
party, give written notice to the latter of the commencement of such action or
proceeding; provided, however, that the failure of any indemnified party to give
notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its
obligations under the preceding subsections of this Section 2.6, except to the
extent that the indemnifying party is actually prejudiced by such failure to
give notice, and shall not relieve the indemnifying party from any liability
which it may have to the indemnified party otherwise than under this Section
2.6. In case any such action or proceeding is brought against an indemnified
party, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate therein and,
unless in the opinion of outside counsel to the indemnified party a conflict of
interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist in respect
of such claim, to assume the defense thereof, jointly with any other
indemnifying party similarly notified to the extent that it may wish, with
counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however,
that if the defendants in any such action or proceeding include both the
indemnified party and the indemnifying party and if in the opinion of outside
counsel to the indemnified party there may be legal defenses available to such
indemnified party and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or
in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, the indemnified party
or parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to defend such action
or proceeding on behalf of such indemnified party or parties, provided, however,
that the indemnifying party shall be obligated to pay for only one counsel and
one local counsel for all indemnified parties. After notice from the
indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the
defense thereof and approval by the indemnified party of such counsel, the
indemnifying party shall not be liable to such indemnified party for any legal
expenses subsequently incurred by the latter in connection with the defense
thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation (unless the first proviso
in the preceding sentence shall be applicable). No indemnifying party shall be
liable for any settlement of any action or proceeding effected without its
written consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the
indemnified party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement
which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the
claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability
in respect to such claim or litigation.

 (d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in
this Section 2.6 shall for any reason be held by a court to be unavailable to an
indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) hereof in respect of any loss,
claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect thereof, then, in lieu of
the amount paid or payable under subsection (a) or (b) hereof, the indemnified
party and the indemnifying party under subsection (a) or (b) hereof shall
contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including
legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating the
same), (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of
the indemnifying party on the one hand, and the indemnified party on the other,
which resulted in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect
thereof, with respect

- 14 -
 16

to the statements or omissions which resulted in such loss, claim, damage or
liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not
permitted by applicable law or if the allocation provided in this clause (ii)
provides a greater amount to the indemnified party than clause (i) above, in
such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect not only the relative fault
but also the relative benefits received by the indemnifying party and the
indemnified party from the offering of the securities covered by such
registration statement as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if
contributions pursuant to this Section 2.6(d) were to be determined by pro rata
allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take into account
the equitable considerations referred to in the preceding sentence of this
Section 2.6(d). No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to
contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. In addition, no Person shall be obligated to contribute
hereunder any amounts in payment for any settlement of any action or claim
effected without such Person's consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld. Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (d) to the contrary, no
indemnifying party (other than the Company) shall be required to contribute any
amount in excess of the proceeds (net of expenses and underwriting discounts and
commissions) received by such party from the sale of the Registrable Securities
in the offering to which the losses, claims, damages or liabilities of the
indemnified parties relate.

 (e) Other Indemnification. Indemnification and
contribution similar to that specified in the preceding subsections of this
Section 2.6 (with appropriate modifications) shall be given by the Company and
the Purchasers with respect to any required registration or other qualification
of securities under any federal, state or blue sky law or regulation of any
governmental authority other than the Securities Act. The indemnification
agreements contained in this Section 2.6 shall be in addition to any other
rights to indemnification or contribution which any indemnified party may have
pursuant to law or contract and shall remain operative and in full force and
effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any indemnified
party and shall survive the transfer of any of the Registrable Securities by the
Purchasers.

 (f) Indemnification Payments. The indemnification and
contribution required by this Section 2.6 shall be made by periodic payments of
the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and
when bills are received or expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred.

 2.7 Unlegended Certificates. In connection with the offering of
any Registrable Securities registered pursuant to this Section 2, the Company
shall (i) facilitate the timely preparation and delivery to the Purchasers and
the underwriters, if

- 15 -
 17

any, participating in such offering, of unlegended certificates representing
ownership of such Registrable Securities being sold in such denominations and
registered in such names as requested by the Purchasers or such underwriters and
(ii) instruct any transfer agent and registrar of such Registrable Securities to
release any stop transfer orders with respect to any such Registrable
Securities.

 2.8 Manner of Sale. So long as the Purchasers own in excess of
2.5 of the fully diluted Common Stock (after giving effect to the exercise of
all outstanding options, warrants and other rights to purchase Common Stock
whether or not such options, warrants or other rights are then exercisable (the
"Threshold Amount")), the Purchasers agree that, except as provided below or
except with the written consent of the Company (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld), the Purchasers shall sell or otherwise effectuate a
distribution of Registrable Securities only (i) pursuant to one or more firm
commitment underwritten public offerings or (ii) in one or more block trades.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above, at any time while the
Purchasers own an amount of Common Stock in excess of the Threshold Amount, the
Purchasers shall have the right to effectuate a distribution of Registrable
Securities in any other manner, including pursuant to a Shelf Registration
Statement, if in the opinion of a nationally recognized investment banker
selected by the Company and the Purchasers, distributions of Registrable
Securities made in the manner proposed by the Purchasers would not adversely
affect the market for the Common Stock. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
to restrict the Purchasers from transferring any of the Common Stock at any time
in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement.

 2.9 No Required Sale. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed
to create an independent obligation on the part of the Purchasers to sell any
Registrable Securities pursuant to any effective registration statement.

 3. Rule 144. The Company shall take all actions reasonably necessary
to enable holders of Registrable Securities to sell such securities without
registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions
provided by (i) Rule 144, or (ii) any similar rule or regulation hereafter
adopted by the Commission including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, filing on a timely basis all reports required to be filed by the
Exchange Act. Upon the request of the Purchasers, the Company will deliver to
such holder a written statement as to whether it has complied with such
requirements.

 4. Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement may be amended, modified or
supplemented only by written agreement of the party against whom enforcement of
such amendment, modification or supplement is sought.

 5. [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED].

- 16 -
 18

 6. Notice. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be deemed to have been
given when received by the party to whom such notice is to be given at its
address set forth below, or such other address for the party as shall be
specified by notice given pursuant hereto:

 (a) If to the Purchasers, to:

 c/o Forstmann Little & Co.
 767 Fifth Avenue
 New York, NY 10153
 Attention: Sandra J. Horbach

 With a copy to:

 Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson
 One New York Plaza
 New York, New York 10004
 Attention: Robert C. Schwenkel, Esq.

 (b) If to the Company, to it at:

 NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
 1505 Farm Credit Drive
 McLean, VA 22102
 Attn: Gary Begeman, Esq.

 with a copy to:

 Willkie Farr & Gallagher
 787 Seventh Avenue
 New York, NY 10019
 Attn: Bruce R. Kraus, Esq.

 7. Assignment; Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement may
not be assigned by the Company, without the prior written consent of the
Purchasers. The Purchasers may, at their election, at any time or from time to
time, assign their rights under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any
purchaser or other transferee of shares of Common Stock held by them; provided,
however, that any rights to withdraw shares from inclusion in a registration
statement pursuant to Section 2 shall be made only by the Purchasers for
themselves and all such purchasers and transferees; and provided further, that
no such

- 17 -
 19

assignment will increase the total number of registrations pursuant to Section
2.1 or underwritten offerings the Company is required to effect hereunder.

 8. Remedies. The parties hereto agree that money damages or other
remedy at law would not be sufficient or adequate remedy for any breach or
violation of, or a default under, this Agreement by them and that, in addition
to all other remedies available to them, each of them shall be entitled to an
injunction restraining such breach, violation or default or threatened breach,
violation or default and to any other equitable relief, including without
limitation specific performance, without bond or other security being required.
In any action or proceeding brought to enforce any provision of this Agreement
(including the indemnification provisions thereof), the successful party shall
be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys' fees in addition to its costs and
expenses and any other available remedy.

 9. No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company will not, on or after the
date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities
which is inconsistent with the rights granted to the Purchasers in this
Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. The Company further
represents and warrants that the rights granted to the Purchasers hereunder do
not in any way conflict with and are not inconsistent with any other agreements
to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound.

 10. Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings of the several
sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for reference only and
shall not control or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

 11. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in
accordance with, and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be
governed by, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the
conflicts of law principles thereof. Each of the parties hereto hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally consents to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts of the State of New York and the United States of America located
in the County of New York for any action or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (and agrees
not to commence any action or proceeding relating thereto except in such
courts), and further agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or
document by U.S. registered mail to its respective address set forth in Section
6 hereof shall be effective service of process for any action or proceeding
brought against it in any such court. Each of the parties hereto hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of
any action or proceeding arising out of this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby in the courts of the State of New York or the United States
of America located in the County of New York, and hereby further irrevocably and
unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that
any such

- 18 -
 20

action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an
inconvenient forum.

 12. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all such
counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

 13. Invalidity of Provision. The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this Agreement in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement, including that provision, in any
other jurisdiction. If any restriction or provision of this Agreement is held
unreasonable, unlawful or unenforceable in any respect, such restriction or
provision shall be interpreted, revised or applied in a manner that renders it
lawful and enforceable to the fullest extent possible under law.

 14. Further Assurances. Each party hereto shall do and perform or
cause to be done and performed all further acts and things and shall execute and
deliver all other agreements, certificates, instruments, and documents as any
other party hereto reasonably may request in order to carry out the intent and
accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.

 15. Entire Agreement; Effectiveness. This Agreement constitutes the
entire agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral
and written, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof.

- 19 -
 21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed
and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.

NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

By: /s/ Gary D. Begeman
 -------------------------------------
 Name:
 Title:

FORSTMANN LITTLE & CO.
 SUBORDINATED DEBT AND EQUITY
 MANAGEMENT BUYOUT PARTNERSHIP-
 VII, L.P.

 By: FLC XXXIII Partnership
 its general partner

By: /s/ Winston W. Hutchins
 -------------------------------------
 Winston W. Hutchins,
 a general partner

 FORSTMANN LITTLE & CO. EQUITY
 PARTNERSHIP-VI, L.P.

 By: FLC XXXII Partnership, L.P.
 its general partner

By: /s/ Winston W. Hutchins
 -------------------------------------
 Winston W. Hutchins,
 a general partner

22

FL FUND, L.P.

 By: FLC XXXI Partnership, L.P.
 its general partner

 By: FLC XXIX Partnership, L.P.
 a general partner

 By: /s/ Winston W. Hutchins
 -----------------------------------
 Winston W. Hutchins,
 a general partner

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.10>
 12
 LETTER AGREEMENT

1

June 9, 1999

Janice Loichle
c/o NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
17177 North Laurel Park Drive, Suite 265
Livonia, Michigan 48152

Dear Jan:

 This letter confirms the terms of your employment relationship with
NEXTLINK for the period beginning June 9, 1999 to coincide with your appointment
to the office of Vice President, Chief Integration Officer, and establishes
incentives for you to remain employed through December 31, 2000.

Duties and Responsibilities

 You will be employed as Vice President, Chief Integration Officer and your
duties and responsibilities will include, but not be limited to, those normal to
your position and as identified by the Chief Executive Officer or Board of
Directors. You will devote your full business-time efforts to your duties and
responsibilities and agree that you will not directly or indirectly engage or
participate in any activities that would conflict with the best interests of
NEXTLINK, in any material respect.

Compensation

 You will receive a salary equal to the salary that you earned prior to
this agreement while you were NEXTLINK's Vice President, Chief of Local Exchange
Operations. You will be paid this salary, minus all lawful and agreed upon
payroll deductions, in the same manner as shall be applicable to all employees.
Your salary may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with our standard
procedures and policies.

 You will also be eligible for an annual bonus in the same target amount
that had been previously identified for you for 1999. The amount of the bonus
shall be determined in the reasonable discretion of the Board of Directors,
based on your performance and on the performance of NEXTLINK. You may be
eligible for bonuses in subsequent years in accordance with our standard
practices.

Stock Options

 Throughout 1999 and 2000, the options that have been granted to you to
date will continue to vest and become exercisable in accordance with the terms
of the NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. Stock Option Plan and the corresponding
letter agreements related to your options (including in the event you
voluntarily terminate your employment). Provided you are still employed by
NEXTLINK as of December 31, 2000, then on December 31, 2000 all of your options
that remain unvested shall vest immediately.

 From the date of this agreement through December 31, 2000, you will not be
eligible for any additional stock option grants. If, however, you remain
employed by NEXTLINK after December 31, 2000, you will be eligible for
additional option grants, but only as approved by the Compensation Committee in
its sole discretion.

2

Ms. Janice Loichle
June 9, 1999
Page 2

In the event of a change of control of NEXTLINK, the unvested portions of
the following options granted to you shall immediately vest in full:

NO. OF UNDERLYING
 -----------------
 GRANT NO. GRANT DATE SHARES
 --------- ---------- ------

42 NQ............ 8/19/96 37,514
 43 NQ............ 1/28/97 8,827
 456 NQ........... 6/30/97 14,123
 607 NQ........... 7/28/97 8,827
 3045 NQ.......... 8/14/98 55,000
 97-4177 NQ....... 12/17/98 20,000

provided, however, that if within six months from the date of this letter the
Company enters into an agreement with respect to a transaction to be accounted
for as a "pooling of interests", then without any further action on the part of
the Company this provision shall not apply and shall be of no further force or
effect; provided further that if such agreement is subsequently terminated, this
provision shall be reinstated, subject to the provisos of this sentence, if
applicable. For purposes of this agreement, a "change of control" is limited to
Craig O. McCaw, or an entity or entities he controls, no longer controlling of a
majority of the votes of the Company. For these purposes, "control" means
ownership, or the right to vote, the number of shares of capital stock that
represents a majority of the total voting power of an entity.

 Except as modified by this agreement, all other terms of the NEXTLINK
Communications, Inc. Stock Option Plan and all letter agreements with respect to
options granted to you shall remain in effect.

Employment Status

 Your employment will remain terminable at will, by either you or NEXTLINK.
However, in the event that, prior to December 31, 2000, NEXTLINK terminates your
employment without cause, then (1) NEXTLINK will pay you the compensation that
you would receive under this agreement through December 31, 2000, either in a
lump sum or by continuation of your salary (at NEXTLINK's sole discretion) and
(2) all of your stock options shall vest immediately on the effective date of
the termination of your employment. For the purposes of this agreement "cause"
shall be defined as the following circumstances:

 (i) a failure to substantially perform your duties and functions as
 contemplated under this agreement if such failure constitutes gross
 neglect or willful malfeasance;

 (ii) committing fraud or embezzlement or engaging in any conduct that
 results in you being convicted of a felony;

 (iii) acting in a manner which is reasonably likely to be materially
 detrimental or damaging to NEXTLINK's reputation, business, operations or
 relations with our employees, suppliers or customers; or

 (iv) committing any other material breach of this agreement.

3

Ms. Janice Loichle
June 9, 1999
Page 3

Miscellaneous Terms

You will be entitled to participate in all fringe benefits and incentive
compensation plans, including, without limitation, any medical, dental and life
insurance plans or policies, any pension and retirement plans and any disability
plans, as may be authorized and adopted from time to time by NEXTLINK and that
are available from time to time to our senior executives.

 You will be entitled to vacation and sick leave, with pay, in accordance
with NEXTLINK's policy in effect from time to time.

 In connection with this letter agreement, you have agreed to execute
NEXTLINK's standard nondisclosure agreement, in the form attached to this
letter.

 This describes the essential terms and conditions of your employment, all
of which have been voluntarily agreed upon. Any change in the essential terms
and conditions of this agreement will be written in a supplemental agreement
that must be signed by both you and NEXTLINK before it is effective. If any
term, covenant, condition or provision of this agreement or the application
thereof to any person or circumstance shall, at any time, or to any extent, be
determined invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof shall not
be affected thereby and shall be deemed valid and fully enforceable to the
extent permitted by law. If any suit or action arising out of or related to this
agreement is brought by any party, the prevailing party or parties shall be
entitled to recover the costs and fees (including without limitation reasonable
attorneys' fees, the fees and costs of experts and consultants, copying, courier
and telecommunication costs, and deposition costs and all other costs of
discovery) incurred by such party or parties in such suit or action, including
without limitation any post-trial or appellate proceeding, or in the collection
or enforcement of any judgment or award entered or made in such suit or action.
NEXTLINK may assign its rights and obligations under this agreement to another.

 Please indicate your acceptance of the terms set forth above by signing a
copy of this letter below. Jan, I look forward to working with you, and to your
continued contribution to NEXTLINK's growth and success.

 Yours very truly,

/s/ Steve Hooper
 Steve Hooper
 Chief Executive Officer

Agreed and accepted:

/s/ Jan Loichle
- ----------------------
 Jan Loichle

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 13
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

1
 EXECUTION COPY

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

 This Employment Agreement is entered into by and between Nathaniel A.
Davis ("Executive") and NEXTLINK Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Employer" or the "Company"), to be effective on and as of January 3, 2000.

 WITNESSETH:

 WHEREAS, Employer is engaged in the business of providing high-quality,
non-mobile telecommunications services to the rapidly growing business market;
and

 WHEREAS, Executive has skills and experience in telephony generally and
with the technology associated with NEXTLINK's business specifically; and

 WHEREAS, Employer desires to obtain Executive's services for the conduct
of its business, and Executive desires to be employed in such business by and
for Employer;

 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants
herein set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

 1. Employment. Employer hereby employs Executive as President and Chief
Operating Officer, and Executive hereby accepts such employment upon the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth.

 2. Duties.

 a. Executive shall serve as President and Chief Operating Officer of
employer, reporting directly to the Chairman of the Board, and shall perform his
services as such within the framework of the policies, objectives and Bylaws of
Employer. In such capacity, Executive (I) shall exercise general supervisory
responsibility and management authority over the development and operation of
Employer's network including without limitation, the engineering, design and
construction of Employer's local and long distance telephony systems and the
related marketing and sales organizations and (ii) shall perform

 1
 2

such other duties commensurate with his position as may be assigned to him from
time to time by Employer's board of directors (the "Board of Directors").

 b. Executive shall devote substantially all his business time,
attention and energies to the performance of his duties and functions under this
Employment Agreement and shall not during the term of his employment hereunder
be engaged in any other substantial business activity for gain, profit or other
pecuniary advantage. Executive shall faithfully, loyally and diligently perform
his assigned duties and functions and shall not engage in any activities
whatsoever which conflict with his obligations to Employer during the term of
his employment hereunder.

3. Term. The term of this Employment Agreement shall commence on the date
hereof (the "Commencement Date") and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to
paragraph 12 hereof, shall continue through January 3, 2004 (the "Initial
Term"), and thereafter shall continue unless and until such time as (i) either
party hereto notifies the other, upon sixty (60) days prior written notice, that
this Employment Agreement will be terminated at the end of the Initial Term or
the later expiration of such sixty day notice period, or (ii) Executive's
employment is otherwise terminated pursuant to paragraph 12 hereof (the
"Extended Term") (the Initial Term, together with the Extended Term, if any,
being referred to herein as the "Employment Term").

 4. Compensation. Employer shall pay to Executive, in consideration of
and as compensation for the services agreed to be rendered by Executive
hereunder, the following:

 a. Base Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay to
Executive a Base Salary of 375,000 per annum; provided that the amount of such
Base Salary shall be reviewed at least annually and may, in Employer's sole
discretion, be increased by Employer from time to time during the Employment
Term (with the first such review to occur during [September, 2000]) in light of
the conditions then existing and the services then being rendered by Executive,
in which case Executive's Base Salary shall be such higher amount as may be
determined by Employer (such annual Base Salary, as in effect from time to time,
being referred to herein as the "Base Salary"). The Base Salary shall be payable
in accordance with Employer's normal payroll

 2
 3

schedule, less appropriate deductions for federal, state and local income taxes,
FICA contributions and any other deductions required by law or authorized by
Executive.

 b. Annual Performance Bonus. In addition to the Base Salary,
Executive shall be entitled to receive an annual performance bonus (the "Annual
Bonus") during each year of service during the Employment Term (each such year
being referred to as an "Annual Bonus Period"), in an amount, if any, as may be
determined by the compensation committee of the Board of Directors (the
"Compensation Committee") and/or the Board of Directors in their complete
discretion. with a target of 70 of the Base Salary payable during such Annual
Bonus Period, based on Executive's performance against objectives for the prior
year of service. Each Annual Bonus shall be payable in accordance with
Employer's normal annual bonus payment schedule, less appropriate deductions for
federal, state, and local income taxes, FICA contributions and any other
deductions required by law or authorized by Executive.

 c. Options.

 (i) Grant of Compensatory Options. Employer agrees to grant to
Executive, pursuant to Employer's Stock Option Plan ("Plan") and subject to the
terms and conditions set forth in this paragraph 4(c), an option to acquire
675,000 shares (the "Compensatory Options") of Employer's Class A voting common
stock ("Common Stock") on the terms set forth in Annex A hereto. The shares of
Employer's Common Stock that will be issued on exercise of the Compensatory
Options are among the Shares covered by the Form S-8 Registration Statement
previously filed and currently in effect covering awards made under the Plan,
such that, upon issuance and distribution of such shares to Executive, there are
no restrictions under federal or state securities laws on the further transfer
of such shares, other than restrictions imposed by virtue of Executive's status
as an officer or director of the Company or as may otherwise be imposed by law
with respect to unrestricted shares. In addition, the Company shall ensure that
the provisions of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended ("Exchange Act") are applicable to the grant and distribution of the
Compensatory Options, and that the distribution of the Compensatory Options
shall not constitute a "purchase" of the Common Stock pursuant to Section 16(b)
of the Exchange Act.

 3
 4

(ii) Grant of Inducement Options. At or prior to the execution of
this Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
paragraph 4(c), the Employer shall grant to Executive, pursuant to the Plan, an
option to acquire another 150,000 shares of Employer's Common Stock on the terms
set forth in Annex A hereto (the "Inducement Options"). The shares of Employer's
Common Stock that will be issued on exercise of the Inducement Options are among
the shares covered by the Form S-8 Registration Statement previously filed and
currently in effect covering awards made under the Plan, such that, upon
issuance and distribution of such shares to Executive, there are no restrictions
under federal or state securities laws or regulations on the further transfer of
such shares, other than restrictions imposed by virtue of Executive's status as
an officer or director of the Company or as otherwise may be imposed by law with
respect to unrestricted shares. In addition, the Employer shall exercise its
best efforts to ensure that the provisions of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act
are applicable to the grant of the Inducement Options and any subsequent
distribution of the shares issued upon exercise thereof, and that the
distribution of such shares to Executive shall not constitute a "purchase" of
Common Stock pursuant to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. The Compensatory
Options and the Inducement options are collectively referred to as the
"Options".

 4
 5

(iii) Vesting. The Options shall be subject to vesting schedules, as
follows:

NUMBER OF YEARS OF CONTINUOUS SHARES AVAILABLE
 EMPLOYMENT FROM THE EFFECTIVE UPON EXERCISE OF THE
 DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT COMPENSATORY OPTION
 ------------------------------------------------------
 
 1 168,750
 ------------------------------------------------------
 2 168,750
 ------------------------------------------------------
 3 168,750
 ------------------------------------------------------
 4 168,750
 ------------------------------------------------------

NUMBER OF YEARS OF
 CONTINUOUS EMPLOYMENT FROM SHARES AVAILABLE
 THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS UPON EXERCISE OF THE
 AGREEMENT INDUCEMENT OPTIONS
 --------------------------------------------------------
 
 1 0
 --------------------------------------------------------
 2 0
 --------------------------------------------------------
 3 0
 --------------------------------------------------------
 4 150,000
 --------------------------------------------------------

Executive may, in his sole discretion, elect to defer vesting
of the Compensatory or the Inducement Options by delivering to the Employer a
written notice of such election no later than December 31 of the calendar year
immediately preceding the calendar year in which such vesting would otherwise
occur. Any such election shall be irrevocable and shall set a specific date for
the vesting of such Options; provided that Executive may also specify that the
applicable Options shall vest on the earlier of such specified date or the
termination of Executive's employment hereunder. In the event of such election,
Executive shall indemnify and hold harmless Employer from any and all
withholding amounts and penalties and interest associated therewith that may be
assessed by the Internal Revenue Service or any relevant state of local taxing
authority in connection with any such deferral by Executive in the vesting of
any of the Options and the recognition of income associated therewith.

 (iv) Termination. Upon termination of employment for any reason
other than (w) termination by Employer other than for Cause, (x) permanent
disability (as defined below) or (y) death or (z) by Executive upon
establishment of Constructive Termination or upon a Change in Control, the
unvested portion (if any) of the Options shall immediately expire and be

 5
 6

forfeited. If termination of employment occurs because of permanent disability
or death, Executive shall be deemed to have one additional year of continuous
employment from the date of death or permanent disability for purposes of
applying the vesting schedules. If termination of employment occurs upon
establishment of Constructive Termination or upon a Change in Control, vesting
of all of the Options shall occur upon the consummation of such Change in
Control, or upon final effectiveness of such Constructive Termination.

 (v) Exercise of Options. Executive's right to exercise the Options shall
be governed by the terms of the Employer's Stock Option Plan and the individual
option letter agreements issued to Executive.

 (vi) Withholding. Upon the vesting of any Inducement Options, or in
connection with the exercise of any Compensatory Options, Executive shall pay to
Employer an amount equal to such amount as Employer shall be obligated to remit
to the Internal Revenue Service or any relevant state or local taxing authority
as withholding attributable to the compensation evidenced by the Inducement
Options that have vested. At the discretion of the Compensation Committee,
Executive may pay such amount either in cash or by delivery to the Company of a
number of shares of Common Stock (or proceeds from the sale thereof) having a
Fair Market Value equal to such withholding amount (which delivery may be made
by an instruction to the Company to retain a portion of the shares available
upon exercise of the Compensatory Options, or shares available upon exercise of
Inducement Options, otherwise distributable to Executive or by an instruction to
the selling broker to remit such sales proceeds, otherwise distributable to
Executive, to the Company).

 (vii) Adjustments. In the event that the Common Stock is changed
into or exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of Employer or of
another entity (by reason of merger, consolidation, recapitalization,
reclassification, stock split, stock dividend, stock combination or otherwise),
or if there is a distribution of cash, securities or other property made to the
holders of the Common Stock (other than cash dividends made out of current
earnings of Employer) then an appropriate and equitable adjustment shall be made
in the number and kind of securities issuable upon exercise of the Options
hereunder, with a view towards preserving the value to Executive of the rights
granted pursuant to this paragraph 4(c). Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, in the event that an adjustment is required pursuant

 6
 7

to the terms of any options, warrants or convertible securities of Employer
pursuant to any event of the kind specified above, at least an equivalent
adjustment shall be required pursuant to this paragraph 4(c)(vii). In the event
any adjustment is required under this paragraph 4(c)(vii), appropriate
conforming adjustment shall be made to the exercise price of the Compensatory
Options, as appropriate, to all references to numbers of Inducement Options
and/or to the number of shares covered by the Compensatory Options, as
appropriate, contained in this paragraph 4(c), to the definition of Common
Stock, and to any other provisions of this paragraph 4(c) as necessary to
accomplish the intent of this subparagraph (vii).

 5. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

 "Change of Control" shall mean the occurrence of any of the
following events:

 (A) The Company is merged or consolidated or reorganized into
or with another company or other legal entity, other than a merger or
consolidation or reorganization into or with a company or other legal entity
that is an affiliate of Craig O. McCaw, and as a result of such merger,
consolidation or reorganization less than a majority of the combined voting
power of the then-outstanding securities of such company or person immediately
after such transaction is held directly or indirectly in the aggregate by the
holders of voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale or
transfer, including voting securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of
options, warrants or other securities or rights;

 (B) The Company sells or otherwise transfers all or
substantially all of its assets to any other company or other legal entity,
other than a such a sale or transfer to a company or other legal entity that is
an affiliate of Craig O. McCaw, and as a result of such sale or other transfer
of assets, less than a majority of the combined voting power of the
then-outstanding securities of such company or person immediately after such
sale or transfer is held directly or indirectly in the aggregate by the holders
of voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale or transfer,
including voting securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of options,
warrants or other securities or rights;

 7
 8

(C) There is a report filed on Schedule 13D or Schedule 14D-1
(or any successor schedule, form or report), each as promulgated pursuant to the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), disclosing
that any person (as the term "person" is used in Section 13(d)(3) or Section
14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) other than Craig O. McCaw and his affiliates has
become the beneficial owner (as the term "beneficial owner" is defined under
Rule 13d-3 or any successor rule or regulation promulgated under the Exchange
Act) of securities representing 50 or more of the voting securities of the
Company, including voting securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of
options, warrants or other securities or rights;

 (D) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of subparagraphs
(A), (B), (C) and (D) hereof, a "Change of Control" shall not be deemed to have
occurred solely because Craig O. McCaw or one or more of his affiliates, or the
Ampersand Trust or a combination thereof, has converted some or all of the
shares of Class B common stock of the Company held by any of them into shares of
Class A common stock of the Company.

 (E) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of subparagraphs
(C) and (D) hereof, a "Change of Control" shall not be deemed to have occurred
solely because (x) the Company, (y) an entity in which the Company directly or
indirectly beneficially owns 50 or more of the voting securities, or (z) any
Company-sponsored employee stock ownership plan or other employee benefit plan
of the Company, either files or becomes obligated to file a report or proxy
statement under or in response to Schedule 13D, Schedule 14D-1, Form 8-K or
Schedule 14A (or any successor schedule, form or report or item therein) under
the Exchange Act, disclosing beneficial ownership by it of voting securities,
whether in excess of 50 or otherwise, or because the Company reports that a
change of control of the Company has or may have occurred or will or may occur
in the future by reason of such beneficial ownership.

 (F) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of subparagraphs
(A) through (D) above, no Change in Control shall result from a merger,
consolidation or reorganization of the Company with any entity in which Eagle
River Investments, L.L.C. has prior to such merger, consolidation or
reorganization invested at least 10,000,000 in equity.

 8
 9

"Fair Market Value" of a share of Common Stock shall mean, as of any
given date, (i) the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the principal
exchange on which Common Stock then trades, if any, on the day previous to such
date, or, if shares were not traded on the day previous to such date, then on
the next preceding trading day during which a sale occurred; or (ii) if such
Common Stock is not traded on an exchange but is quoted on NASDAQ or a successor
quotation system, (1) the last sales price (if the Common Stock is then listed
as a National Market Issue under the NASDAQ National Market System) or (2) the
mean between the closing representative bid and asked prices (in all other
cases) for the Common Stock on the day previous to such date (or, if shares were
not traded on the day previous to such date, then on the next preceding trading
day during which a sale occurred), as reported by NASDAQ or such successor
quotation systems.

 "Cause" shall have the meaning ascribed in Paragraph 12(b) below.

 "Permanent Disability" shall have the same meaning as "permanent and
total disability," as defined in the Employer's Stock Option Plan.

 6. Additional Options The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
of Employer may, in its discretion, grant to Executive, pursuant to Employer's
Stock Option Plan, additional options to acquire shares of Employer's Common
Stock ("Additional Options").Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms and
conditions of such Additional Options shall be as determined by Employer in its
sole discretion. Executive's rights with respect to any Additional Options shall
be separate from (and in addition to) the rights set forth in paragraph 4(c)
above with respect to the Compensatory Options and Inducement Options.

 7. Benefits. During the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to
participate in all group health, major medical, pension and profit sharing,
401(k) and other benefit plans maintained by Employer and provided generally to
its executive officers, on the same terms as apply to participation therein by
management generally (except as otherwise provided herein). Further, during the
Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all fringe
benefit programs and shall receive all perquisites if and to the extent that
Employer establishes and makes such benefits and perquisites available to

 9
 10

management generally, including, but not limited to, Employer-paid long-term
disability insurance and life insurance coverage.

 8. Expenses. During the Employment Term, Employer shall reimburse
Executive for all reasonable travel, entertainment and other business expenses
incurred or paid by Executive in performing his duties and functions hereunder.
Employer shall reimburse Executive for legal accounting and other expenses
incurred in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement up to a maximum of
 10,000.

 9. Vacations. Executive shall be entitled to such vacations, holidays,
sick leave and personal time off as is allowed under the policies of Employer to
management generally (except as otherwise provided herein).

 10. Non-Competition. During the Employment Term and (except as provided in
paragraph 12 herein) for a period of two years thereafter, Executive shall not
enter into or participate in any business competitive to the business carried on
by Employer. The provisions of this paragraph 10 shall survive the expiration
and/or termination of this Employment Agreement.

 11. Confidential Information. During the Employment Term and for a period
of two years thereafter, Executive will not use for his own advantage or
disclose any proprietary or confidential information relating to the business
operations or properties of Employer, any affiliate of Employer or any of their
respective customers, suppliers, landlords, licensors or licensees. Upon the
expiration or termination of the Employment Term, upon Employer's request,
Executive will surrender and deliver to Employer all documents and information
of every kind relating to or connected with Employer and its affiliates and
their respective businesses, customers, suppliers, landlord, licensors and
licensees. The foregoing confidential information provisions shall not apply to
information which: (i) is or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of
the Executive, (ii) is rightfully received from any third party without
restriction and without breach by Executive of this Employment Agreement; or
(iii) is independently developed by Executive after the term of his employment
hereunder or is independently developed by a competitor of Employer at any time.
The provisions of this paragraph 11 shall survive the expiration and/or
termination of this Employment Agreement.

 10
 11

12. Termination.

 a. Automatic Termination Upon Death. In the event of Executive's
death during the Employment Term, Executive's employment hereunder shall be
automatically terminated upon the date of death. As soon as reasonably
practicable following Executive's death, Employer shall pay to Executive's
Representative (defined below in paragraph 22)(i) Executive's accrued but unpaid
Base Salary and Annual Bonus, through the last day of the month of his death,
and (ii) any amount due hereunder for accrued but unused vacation time as of the
date of death. In addition, Executive's Representative shall be entitled to
exercise Executive's rights with respect to the Compensatory Options and/or the
Inducement Options, as appropriate, as set forth in Paragraph 4(c) above, and
Executive's rights with respect to the Options (other than the Inducement
Options), as provided herein and in the stock option agreement(s) pertaining
thereto.

 b. Termination by Employer. During the Initial Term, Employer shall
be entitled to terminate Executive's employment hereunder only upon the
establishment of "Cause" or the "Permanent Disability" of Executive (as those
terms are defined below) by giving written notice to that effect to Executive.
During any Extended Term, Employer shall be entitled to terminate Executive's
employment hereunder (i) upon the establishment of Cause or the Permanent
Disability of Executive, by giving written notice to that effect to Executive or
(ii) for any other reason or for no reason upon 6 months prior written notice to
Executive.

 For purposes hereof, the term "Cause" means either (1)
Executive's failure to substantially perform his duties and functions as
contemplated hereunder, if such failure constitutes gross neglect or willful
malfeasance and such failure is not remedied within ninety (90) days after
Executive's receipt of written notice from Employer identifying such failure(s);
(2) Executive's committing fraud or embezzlement or otherwise engaging in
conduct that results in Executive being convicted of a felony from which all
appeals have been exhausted; (3) Executive's intentionally acting in a manner
which is materially detrimental or damaging to Employer's reputation, business,
operations or relations with its employees, suppliers or customers, without
taking reasonable steps to remedy such actions promptly after receiving written
notice thereof from Employer; (4) Executive's chronic or habitual abuse of

 11
 12

alcohol or prescription drugs or controlled substances; or (5) Executive's
committing any other material breach of this Employment Agreement without taking
reasonable steps to cease or remedy such breach within thirty (30) days after
Executive's receipt of written notice from Employer specifically identifying the
nature of and circumstances relevant to any such claimed material breach by
Executive.

 For purposes hereof the term "Permanent Disability" means: (i)
Executive's failure to devote full normal working time as required herein to his
employment hereunder for a period of at least 90 consecutive normal business
days (or for at least a majority of the normal business days in any consecutive
180-day period); and (ii) the existence of an illness or incapacity (either
physical or mental) affecting Executive which, in the reasonable opinion of a
Qualified Physician, is likely to be of such character or severity that
Executive would be unable to resume devoting his full normal working time, as
required herein, to his employment hereunder for a period of at least nine
consecutive months; the term "Qualified Physician" means an impartial physician
competent to diagnose and treat the illness or condition which Executive is
believed to be suffering, selected by Employer and reasonably acceptable to
Executive (or if Executive is then incapable of acting for himself, Executive's
Representative), who shall have personally examined Executive and shall have
personally reviewed Executive's relevant medical records; provided Employer
shall bear the costs of such Qualified Physician's services and Executive agrees
to submit to an examination by such Qualified Physician and to the disclosure of
Executive's relevant medical records to such Qualified Physician.

 The date upon which any termination effected pursuant to this
subparagraph 12(b) shall be effective is set forth in subparagraph 12(d), and
the effect of any such termination shall be as described in subparagraphs 12(e)
and (f).

 c. Termination by Executive. During the Initial Term, Executive
shall be entitled to terminate his employment hereunder only upon the
establishment of "Constructive Termination" (as that term is defined below) or
upon a Change of Control, by giving written notice to that effect to Employer.
During any Extended Term, Executive shall be entitled to terminate his
employment hereunder (i) upon the establishment of Constructive Termination or
upon a Change of Control, by giving notice to that effect to Employer or (ii)
for

 12
 13

any other reason or for no reason upon 6 months prior written notice to
Employer.

 For purposes hereof, "Constructive Termination" shall mean
Executive's termination of his employment hereunder as a direct result of (i) a
reduction in Executive's initial Base Salary or in the target Annual Bonus
percentage, (ii) a material change in the nature or extent of Executive's
responsibilities that is inconsistent with Executive's intended position and
status hereunder, (iii) the material breach by the Employer of any provision of
this Agreement which continues without reasonable steps being taken to cure such
breach for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof by Executive to
Employer or (iv) a change in Employee's reporting responsibility such that
Employee no longer reports directly to the Chairman of the Board.

 The date upon which any termination effected pursuant to this
subparagraph 12(c) shall be effective is set forth in subparagraph 12(d), and
the effect of any such termination shall be as described in subparagraphs 12(f)
and (g).

 d. Termination Date. In the event Executive's employment hereunder
is terminated for circumstances constituting Cause, Permanent Disability, Change
of Control or Constructive Termination, such termination shall take effect upon
the termination date set forth in the written notice to that effect given by
Executive to Employer or by Employer to Executive, as the case may be (provided
that if either party disputes the propriety of such termination, the effective
date of termination shall be as established by final resolution of such dispute,
whether by agreement of the parties or award of an arbitrator as contemplated
herein, in favor of the propriety of such termination), and in any other case
termination of Executive's employment hereunder shall take effect on the date
specified in the written notice thereof delivered by Executive to Employer or by
Employer to Executive, as the case may be (the date on which any such
termination takes effect being referred to herein as the "Termination Date").
Employer, at its option, may require Executive to continue to perform his duties
hereunder until the Termination Date or pay to Executive such amount of
compensation and benefits otherwise due hereunder in accordance with Employer's
then existing salary payment schedule or in one lump sum payment.

 13
 14

e. Effect of Termination by Employer For Cause. In the event
Executive's employment is terminated by Employer for Cause, or in the event
Executive voluntarily terminates his employment as contemplated by paragraph
12(c)(ii), at any time during the Employment Term, then (i) Employer shall pay
to Executive Executive's accrued but unpaid Base Salary and Annual Bonus through
the Termination Date; (ii) notwithstanding any of the provisions of Employer's
Stock Option Plan or of any option agreement with respect thereto to the
contrary, any and all of the Options (other than the Inducement Options) that
theretofore have vested may be exercised at any time on or before the thirtieth
day following such Termination Date and, if not so exercised, thereupon
automatically shall be canceled; and (iii) Executive's rights with respect to
the Compensatory Options and/or the Inducement Options, as appropriate, shall be
as stated in paragraph 4(c) above.

 f. Effect of Termination Upon Permanent Disability. In the event
Executive's employment is terminated by Employer upon the permanent disability
of Executive at any time during the Employment Term, then:

(i) Employer shall pay to Executive (x) Executive's accrued
but unpaid Base Salary and Annual Bonus through the Termination Date, (y)
Executive's then existing Base Salary for 12 months from the date written notice
of the termination of Executive's employment is given by Employer, and (z) any
amount due hereunder for accrued but unused vacation time as of the Termination
Date.

 (ii) Employer, at its expense, shall make all benefit
payments, on behalf of Executive and Executive's dependents, for such benefits
Executive otherwise would have been entitled to receive hereunder, for 12 months
following the date written notice of the termination of Executive's employment
is given by Employer.

 (iii) With respect to any of the Options (other than the
Inducement Options) which remain unvested upon such Termination Date,
notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in Employer's Stock Option Plan
and/or any stock option agreement with respect thereto, there shall be immediate
vesting of that portion of such unvested Options which would have vested within
12 months of the date written notice of the termination of

 14
 15

Executive's employment is given by Employer. After giving effect to the
foregoing sentence, any Options (other than the Inducement Options) which remain
unvested shall automatically terminate.

 (iv) Executive's rights with respect to the Compensatory
Options and/or the Inducement Options, as appropriate, shall be as stated in
paragraph 4(c) above.

 g. Effect of Wrongful or Constructive Termination or Termination
Upon a Change of Control.

 (i) In the event Executive's employment is terminated during
the Employment Term by Employer other than for Cause, or by Executive in
circumstances constituting Constructive Termination or upon a Change of Control,
then, from and after such Termination Date:

 (A) Executive shall not be subject to the
non-competition provisions set forth in paragraph 10 hereof.

 (B) Executive shall be entitled to receive the Base
Salary, Annual Bonus, and benefits, which Executive reasonably would have
expected to receive (I) in the period from the Termination Date to the
expiration of the Initial Term (if such Termination Date occurs more than 6
months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term) or (II) during the 6 months
following the date written notice of the termination of Executive's employment
is given by Employer or Executive, as the case may be, (if such Termination Date
occurs after the Initial Term or 6 months prior to the expiration of the Initial
Term). All of such amounts shall be payable upon, and the benefits shall become
effective upon, the Termination Date. The treatment of any Options other than
the Inducement Options shall be governed by the terms of the applicable granting
documents and Annex A.

 (C) Executive's rights with respect to the
Compensatory Options and/or the Inducement Options, as appropriate, shall be as
stated in paragraph 4(c) above.

The foregoing shall be Executive's sole and exclusive remedy for any such
termination of his employment under this subparagraph 12(g).

 15
 16

h. Excess Parachute Payment. In the event that Employer treats any
portion of Executive's payments or benefits hereunder (including, without
limitation, under the foregoing subparagraphs 12(f) and (g)) as an "excess
parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue
Code ("Code") or any comparable provision of state or local tax law, or it is
otherwise asserted (including on an audit of either Employer or Executive) that
any portion of such payments or benefits is such an "excess parachute payment,"
Employer shall prior to the date on which any amount of excise tax (or penalty
or interest) must be paid in respect thereof, promptly make an additional lump
sum payment in cash to Executive in an amount sufficient, after giving effect to
all federal, state and other taxes and charges (including interest and
penalties, if any) with respect to such payment to make Executive whole for all
taxes (including withholding and social security taxes) imposed under Section
4999 of the Code, or any comparable provision of state or local tax law, with
respect to the "excess parachute payment" and all associated interest and
penalty amounts. Executive shall cooperate in all reasonable respects with
Employer to attempt to minimize any such tax liability.

 i. Miscellaneous. In the event of any termination or attempted
termination hereof: (i) if multiple events, occurrences or circumstances are
asserted as bases for such termination or attempted termination, the event,
occurrence or circumstance that is earliest in time, and any termination or
attempted termination found to be proper hereunder based thereon, shall take
precedence over the others; (ii) no termination of this Employment Agreement
shall relieve or release either party from liability hereunder based on any
breach of the terms hereof by such party occurring prior to the Termination
Date; (iii) the terms of this Employment Agreement relevant to performance or
satisfaction of any obligation hereunder expressly remaining to be performed or
satisfied in whole or in part at the Termination Date shall continue in force
until such full performance or satisfaction has been accomplished and otherwise
neither party hereto shall have any other or further remaining obligations to
other party hereunder; and (iv) the vesting and exercise provisions set forth in
Employer's Stock Option Plan and/or any option agreement with respect to the
Options (other than the Inducement Options) shall continue to apply except to
the extent otherwise expressly provided in this paragraph 12 or Annex A.

 16
 17

j. No Set-off; No Duty of Mitigation. There shall be no right of
setoff or counterclaim, in respect of any actual or alleged claim, debt or
obligation, against any payments or benefits required to be made or provided to
Executive hereunder (including, without limitation, pursuant to subparagraphs
12(f) and (g) above). In the event of any termination of Executive's employment
under this paragraph 12, Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other
employment and shall be entitled to all payments or benefits required to be made
or provided to Executive hereunder, without any duty of mitigation of damages
and regardless of any other employment obtained by Executive.

 13. Injunctive Relief. It is agreed that the services of Executive are
unique and that any breach or threatened breach by Executive of any provision of
this Employment Agreement cannot be remedied solely by damages. Accordingly, in
the event of a breach by Executive of his obligations under this Employment
Agreement, Employer shall be entitled to seek and obtain interim restraints and
permanent injunctive relief without proving the inadequacy of damages as a
remedy, restraining Executive and any business, firm, partnership, individual,
corporation or entity participating in such breach or attempted breach. Nothing
herein, however, shall be construed as prohibiting Employer from pursuing any
other remedies available at law or in equity for such breach or threatened
breach, including the recovery of damages and the termination of the services of
Executive.

 14. Arbitration. Any dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to
this Employment Agreement or any claimed breach hereof shall be settled, at the
request of either party, by an arbitration proceeding conducted in accordance
with the rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), with the award
determined to be appropriate by the arbitrator therein to be final,
non-appealable and binding on the parties hereto, and with judgment upon such
award as is rendered in any such arbitration proceeding available for entry and
enforcement in any court having jurisdiction of the parties hereto. The
arbitrator shall be an impartial arbitrator qualified to serve in accordance
with the rules of the AAA and shall be reasonably acceptable to each of the
Employer and the Executive. If no such acceptable arbitrator is so appointed
within 15 days after the initial request for arbitration of such disputed
matter, each of the parties promptly shall designate a person qualified to serve
as an arbitrator in accordance with the rules of the AAA, and the two persons so
designated promptly shall select the arbitrator from among those persons
qualified to serve

 17
 18

in accordance with the rules of the AAA. The arbitration shall be held in the
greater Northern Virginia area, or in such other place as may be agreed upon at
the time by the parties. The expenses of the arbitration proceeding shall be
borne by Employer, but the arbitrator's award may provide that Executive shall
reimburse Employer for an equitable share of such expenses if Executive is not
the prevailing party on any of the issues involved in such arbitration and if
the Executive did not participate in the arbitration or contest the relevant
issue in good faith. The Employer shall pay for and bear the cost of its own and
Executive's experts, evidence and counsel in such arbitration proceeding, but
the arbitrator's award may provide that, in addition to any other amounts or
relief due to Employer, Executive shall reimburse Employer on demand for all of
such costs of Executive's experts, evidence and counsel initially incurred by
Employer, to the extent the award finds such costs properly allocable to any
issue(s) in dispute as to which the award indicates the Employer to be the
prevailing party to the extent the Executive did not participate in the
arbitration or contest the relevant issue in good faith.

 15. Indemnification.

 a. Employer shall indemnify Executive to the fullest extent
permitted by Delaware law as in effect on the date hereof against all costs,
expenses, liabilities and losses (including, without limitation, attorneys'
fees, judgments, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred
by Executive in connection with any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative in which Executive is made, or is
threatened to be made, a party to or a witness in such action, suit or
proceeding by reason of the fact that he is or was an officer, director,
consultant, agent or Executive of the Employer or of any of Employer's
controlled affiliates or is or was serving as an officer, consultant director,
member, Executive, trustee, agent or fiduciary of any other entity at the
request of the Employer (a "Proceeding").

 b. Employer shall advance to Executive all reasonable costs and
expenses incurred by him in connection with a proceeding within 20 days after
receipt by Employer of a written request for such advance, accompanied by an
itemized list of the costs and expenses and Executive's written undertaking to
repay to Employer on demand the amount of such advance if it shall ultimately be
determined that Executive is not entitled to be indemnified against such costs
and expenses.

 18
 19

c. The indemnification provided to Executive hereunder is in
addition to, and not in lieu of, any additional indemnification to which he may
be entitled pursuant to Employer's Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, any
insurance maintained by Employer from time to time providing coverage to
Executive and other officers and directors of Employer, or any separate written
agreement with Executive. The provisions of this paragraph 15 shall survive any
termination of this Employment Agreement.

 16. Amendment and Modification. This Employment Agreement (including the
Annex A hereto) contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior agreements,
arrangements or understandings between the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter hereof, whether written or oral Subject to applicable law and
upon the consent of the Board of Directors of Employer, this Employment
Agreement may be amended, modified and supplemented by written agreement of
Employer and Executive with respect to any of the terms contained herein.

 17. Waiver of Compliance. Any failure of either party to comply with any
obligation, covenant, agreement or condition on its part contained herein may be
expressly waived in writing by the other party, but such waiver or failure to
insist upon strict compliance shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with
respect to, any subsequent or other failure. Whenever this Employment Agreement
requires or permits consent by or on behalf of any party, such consent shall be
given in writing.

 18. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given if delivered by hand, sent by registered or certified U.S. Mail,
postage prepaid, commercial overnight courier service or transmitted by
facsimile and shall be deemed served or delivered to the addressee at the
address for such notice specified below when hand delivered, upon confirmation
of sending when sent by fax, on the day after being sent when sent by overnight
delivery or five (5) days after having been mailed, certified or registered,
with postage prepaid:

 If to Employer If to Executive:
 -------------- ----------------

 19
 20

NEXTLINK Communications, Inc.
 1505 Farm Credit Drive
 McLean, VA 22102
 Facsimile: (703) 762-7580
 Attention: General Counsel

or, in the case of either such party, to such substitute address as such party
may designate from time to time for purposes of notices to be given to such
party hereunder, which substitute address shall be designated as such in a
written notice given to the other party addressed as aforesaid.

 19. Assignment. This Employment Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
Executive and Employer and be binding upon the successors and general assigns of
Employer. This Employment Agreement shall not be assignable, except to the
extent set forth in paragraph 22.

 20. Enforceability. In the event it is determined that this Employment
Agreement is unenforceable in any respect, it is the mutual intent of the
parties that it be construed to apply and be enforceable to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law.

 21. Applicable Law. This Employment Agreement shall be construed and
enforced in accordance with the laws applicable to contracts executed, delivered
and fully to be performed in the State of Virginia.

 22. Beneficiaries: Executive's Representative. Executive shall be entitled
to select (and to change, from time to time, except to the extent prohibited
under any applicable law) a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive any
payments, distributions or benefits to be made or distributed hereunder upon or
following Executive's death. Any such designation shall be made by written
notice to Employer. In the event of Executive's death or of a judicial
determination of Executive's incompetence, references in this Agreement to
Executive shall be deemed, as appropriate, to refer to his designated
beneficiary, to his estate or to his executor or personal representative
("Executive's Representative") solely for the purpose of providing a clear
mechanism for the exercise of Executive's rights hereunder in the case of
Executive's death or Permanent Disability.

 20

 21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Employment Agreement to
be effective on and as of the day and year first above written.

NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

By: /s/ Daniel F. Akerson
 --------------------------------
 Name: Daniel F. Akerson
 Title: Chairman and Chief Executive
 Officer

/s/ Nathaniel A. Davis
 ------------------------------------
 Nathaniel A. Davis

21
 22

ANNEX A
 TO
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 BETWEEN
 NEXTLINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
 AND
 NATHANIEL A. DAVIS
 DATED: JANUARY 3, 2000

The Inducement Options shall be granted as follows:

 Non-qualified Options to acquire 150,000 shares for Employer Class A
 Common Stock awarded on January 4, 2000. The Inducement Options shall vest
 in full on January 4, 2004. The exercise price of the Inducement Options
 is .01 per share.

 The Compensatory Options shall be granted as follows:

 Non-qualified options to acquire 675,000 shares of Employer Class A Common
 Stock awarded on January 4, 2000. The Compensatory Options shall vest
 annually in four equal amounts on the first, second, third and fourth
 anniversary dates of the effective date of the Employment Agreement. The
 exercise price of the Compensatory Options is the closing sale price on
 January 4, 2000, as reported by NASDAQ.

 All Options shall, to the extent not theretofore vested in accordance with
their normal terms, vest on an automatic and accelerated basis (i) in the
circumstances set forth in paragraphs 12(f) and (g) of the Employment Agreement,
or (ii) upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event.

 All Options (upon vesting) will have an exercise period of ten (10) years
after the relevant grant date subject to earlier termination of the exercise
period in the event of termination of Executive's employment either (i) by
Employer in circumstances constituting Cause or (ii) by Executive other than in
circumstances constituting Constructive Termination; in either of which case,
the Options shall be canceled if not exercised within 90 days following the
Termination Date with respect to such termination.

 22
 23

All Options (and all shares issued on exercise of such Options) will be
subject to an effective Form S-8 (or other appropriate form) registration
statement and will be qualified for the treatment afforded under Rule 16b-3.

 To the extent not otherwise provided above, or in the Employment Agreement
of which this Annex A forms a part, the terms applicable to all of the Options
(and of any option agreement entered into in connection therewith) shall be the
standard terms normally applicable to a grant of "non-qualified" stock options
granted pursuant to the NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. Stock Option Plan.

 23

</EX-10.11>

<EX-21>
 14
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

1

EXHIBIT 21

 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Falcon Administration, L.L.C......................... Washington
 INTERNEXT, L.L.C..................................... Delaware
 ITC ................................................. Utah
 LHP, L.L.C........................................... Washington
 NEXTBAND Communications, L.L.C....................... Washington
 NEXTLIGHT, Inc....................................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Alabama, Inc................................ Washington
 NEXTLINK Arizona, Inc................................ Washington
 NEXTLINK California, Inc............................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Capital, Inc................................ Washington
 NEXTLINK Colorado, L.L.C............................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Communications Merger Subsidiary, Inc....... Washington
 NEXTLINK Connecticut, Inc............................ Washington
 NEXTLINK D.C., Inc................................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Delaware, Inc............................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Domestic Holdings, Inc...................... Delaware
 NEXTLINK Employment Services, Inc.................... Delaware
 NEXTLINK Florida, Inc................................ Washington
 NEXTLINK Georgia, Inc................................ Washington
 NEXTLINK Hawaii, Inc................................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Holdings, Inc............................... Nevada
 NEXTLINK Holdings No.2, Inc.......................... Nevada
 NEXTLINK Idaho, Inc.................................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Illinois, Inc............................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Indiana, Inc................................ Washington
 NEXTLINK Interactive, Inc............................ Washington
 NEXTLINK International, Inc.......................... Delaware
 NEXTLINK International Holdings, Inc................. Delaware
 NEXTLINK Kansas, Inc................................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Kentucky, Inc............................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Leasing of Utah, L.L.C...................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Long Distance Services, Inc................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Louisiana, Inc.............................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Maine, Inc.................................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Management Services, Inc.................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Management Services Nevada, Inc............. Washington
 NEXTLINK Maryland, L.L.C............................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Massachusetts, Inc.......................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Michigan, Inc............................... Washington
 NEXTLLNK Mindshare, L.L.C............................ Washington
 NEXTLINK Minnesota, L.L.C............................ Washington
 NEXTLINK Mississippi, Inc............................ Washington
 NEXTLINK Missouri, Inc............................... Washington
 NEXTLINK New Hampshire, Inc.......................... Washington

1

2

NEXTLINK New Jersey, Inc............................. Washington
 NEXTLINK New Mexico, Inc............................. Washington
 NEXTLINK New York, Inc............................... Washington
 NEXTLINK North Carolina, Inc......................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Ohio, Inc................................... Washington
 NEXTLINK One, Inc.................................... Delaware
 NEXTLINK Opportunity, Inc............................ Washington
 NEXTLINK Oregon, Inc................................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Pennsylvania, Inc........................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Pennsylvania Merger Company II, Inc......... Washington
 NEXTLINK Rhode Island, Inc........................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Solutions, Inc.............................. Washington
 NEXTLLNK South Carolina, Inc......................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Technology Services, Inc.................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Tennessee, Inc.............................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Texas, Inc.................................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Utah, Inc................................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Virginia, L.L.C............................. Washington
 NEXTLINK Washington, Inc............................. Washington
 NEXTLINK West Virginia, Inc.......................... Washington
 NEXTLINK Wisconsin, Inc.............................. Washington
 PCO Acquisition Corp................................. Delaware
 Tidal Wave Telecommunication Corporation ............ Pennsylvania

2

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 15
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

1
 EXHIBIT 23

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation of our
reports included in this Form 10-K, and to all references to our firm, into the
Company's previously filed registration statements as follows:

 FILE NUMBER FILE DESCRIPTION
 333-25907 Form S-8 regarding the Company's Stock Option Plan

 333-57813 Form S-3 regarding the Company's offering of 6 1/2 
 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock

 333-51987 Form S-8 regarding the Company's Stock Option Plan

 333-57393 Form S-8 regarding the Company's Employee Stock Purchase
 Plan

 333-71191 Form S-8 regarding the Company's Savings and Retirement
 Plan

 333-86009 Form S-8 regarding the Company's Stock Option Plan

 333-30388 Form S-4 regarding the Company's Exchange Offer with
 respect to its 10 1/2 Senior Notes due 2009 and 12 1/8 
 Senior Discount Notes due 2009

/s/ Arthur Andersen LLP

Seattle, Washington
March 29, 2000

</EX-23>

<EX-27>
 16
 FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE

5
 
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS OF DEC-31-1998 AND THE RELATED STATEMENTS OF
INCOME AND CASH FLOWS FOR THE 12-MONTH PERIOD THEN ENDED AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
 
 1,000

YEAR
 DEC-31-1999
 JAN-01-1999
 DEC-31-1999
 868,463
 1,013,301
 80,746
 4,246
 0
 2,027,767
 1,180,021
 174,134
 4,597,108
 249,217
 3,733,342
 612,352
 0
 1,139,232
 (1,152,354)
 4,597,108
 0
 274,324
 0
 640,854
 0
 0
 283,123
 (558,692)
 0
 (558,692)
 0
 0
 0
 (558,692)
 (5.02)
 (5.02)

</EX-27>

