<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20010206_10-K_edgar_data_319687_0000319687-01-500005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1263153</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>794727</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>373671</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>40</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000319687-01-500005.hdr.sgml : 20010207
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000319687-01-500005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20001231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONTINENTAL AIRLINES INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000319687
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED [4512]
		IRS NUMBER:				742099724
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10323
		FILM NUMBER:		1526418

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1600 SMITH STREET 3303D
		STREET 2:		DEPT HQSEO
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7133245000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PEOPLE EXPRESS AIRLINES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890726

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 S/DuVBprmfPhJIUdO0Yt4NvWH5N4G8kMOsXxmBr7M8cONJl4/MrsfGUVD4MCtqSb
 csKEOgTEziAsY6CyzR10zg==

 0000319687-01-500005.txt : 20010207

10-K
 1
 a10k2000.htm
 CAI 10-K

UNITED STATES 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 (Mark One) 
 [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 
 
 OR 
 
 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________ TO __________ 
 
 Commission File Number 0-9781 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 74-2099724 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

1600 Smith Street, Dept. HQSEO, Houston, Texas 
 
 77002 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 713-324-2950 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Name of Each Exchange 
 On Which Registered 

Class B Common Stock, par value .01 per share 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 

Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No _____ 
 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X] 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was 2.5 billion as of January 22, 2001. 
 __________________ 
 
 As of January 22, 2001, 53,401,756 shares of Class B common stock were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 15, 2001: PART III 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company" or "Continental") is a major United States air carrier engaged in the business of transporting passengers, cargo and mail. Continental is the fifth largest United States airline (as
measured by 2000 revenue passenger miles) and, together with its wholly owned subsidiaries, Continental Express, Inc. ("Express") and Continental Micronesia, Inc. ("CMI"), each a Delaware corporation, served 230 airports worldwide at January 19, 2001. As
of January 19, 2001, Continental flew to 136 domestic and 94 international destinations and offered additional connecting service through alliances with domestic and foreign carriers. Continental directly served 16 European cities, seven South American
cities, Tel Aviv and Tokyo and is one of the leading airlines providing service to Mexico and Central America, serving more destinations there than any other United States airline. Through its Guam hub, CMI provides extensive service in the western
Pacific, including service to more Japanese cities than any other United States carrier. 
 
 As used in this Form 10-K, the terms "Continental" and "Company" refer to Continental Airlines, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. This Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements. In
connection therewith, please see the cautionary statements contained in Item 1. "Business - Risk Factors Relating to the Company" and "Business - Risk Factors Relating to the Airline Industry" which identify important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Domestic Operations 
 
 Continental operates its domestic route system primarily through its hubs at Newark International Airport ("Newark"), George Bush Intercontinental Airport ("Bush Intercontinental") in Houston and Hopkins International Airport
("Hopkins International") in Cleveland. The Company's hub system allows it to transport passengers between a large number of destinations with substantially more frequent service than if each route were served directly. The hub system also allows
Continental to add service to a new destination from a large number of cities using only one or a limited number of aircraft. As of January 19, 2001, Continental operated 55 of the average daily jet departures from Newark, 78 of the average daily jet
departures from Bush Intercontinental, and 50 of the average daily jet departures from Hopkins International (in each case excluding regional jets). Each of Continental's domestic hubs is located in a large business and population center, contributing
to a high volume of "origin and destination" traffic. 
 
 Continental Express . Continental Airlines' jet service at each of its domestic hub cities is coordinated with Express, which operates new-generation regional jets and turboprop aircraft under the name "Continental Express".

As of January 19, 2001, Express served 70 cities in the U.S., ten cities in Mexico and five cities in Canada by regional jets. In addition, commuter feed traffic is currently provided to Continental by other code-sharing partners.
 See "Alliances" below. 
 
 Management believes Express's regional jet and turboprop operations complement Continental's jet operations by allowing more frequent service to small cities than could be provided economically with conventional jet aircraft and by
carrying traffic that connects onto Continental's jets. Continental believes that Express's new regional jets provide greater comfort and enjoy better customer acceptance than turboprop aircraft. The regional jets also allow Express to serve certain
routes that cannot be served by its turboprop aircraft. Continental anticipates that Express's fleet will be entirely comprised of regional jets by 2004. 
 
 International Operations 
 
 Continental directly serves destinations throughout Europe, Canada, Mexico, Central and South America, and the Caribbean, as well as Tokyo and Tel Aviv, and has extensive operations in the western Pacific conducted by CMI. As
measured by 2000 available seat miles, approximately 38.0 of Continental's jet operations, including CMI, were dedicated to international traffic, compared with 36.2 in 1999. As of January 19, 2001, the Company offered 152 weekly departures to 16
European cities and marketed service to 31 other cities through code-sharing agreements. 
 
 The Company's Newark hub is a significant international gateway. From Newark at January 19, 2001, the Company served 16 European cities, five Canadian cities, six Mexican cities, four Central American cities, five South American
cities, ten Caribbean destinations, Tel Aviv and Tokyo and marketed numerous other destinations through code-sharing arrangements with foreign carriers. Continental announced that it will inaugurate daily non-stop service between Newark and Hong Kong,
effective March 1, 2001, and between Newark and London/Stansted, effective May 1, 2001. In addition, the Company announced that it would begin daily non-stop service between Newark and Buenos Aires, Argentina effective December 1, 2001, subject to
government approval. 
 
 The Company's Houston hub is the focus of its operations in Mexico and Central America. As of January 19, 2001, Continental flew from Houston to 20 cities in Mexico, every country in Central America, six cities in South America,
two Caribbean destinations, three cities in Canada, two cities in Europe and Tokyo. Express also serviced seven additional cities in Mexico by regional jets. 
 
 Continental also flies to London, Montreal, Toronto, San Juan and Cancun from its hub in Cleveland. 
 
 Continental Micronesia . CMI is a United States-certificated air carrier transporting passengers, cargo and mail in the western Pacific. From its hub operations based on the island of Guam, CMI provides service to eight
cities in Japan, more than any other United States carrier, as well as other Pacific rim destinations, including Taiwan, the Philippines, Hong Kong, South Korea, Australia and Indonesia. Service to these Japanese cities and certain other Pacific Rim
destinations is subject to a variety of regulatory restrictions limiting the ability of other carriers to serve these markets. 
 
 CMI is the principal air carrier in the Micronesian Islands, where it pioneered scheduled air service in 1968. CMI's route system is linked to the United States market through Tokyo and Honolulu, each of which CMI serves non-stop
from Guam. CMI and Continental also maintain a code-sharing agreement and coordinate schedules on certain flights from the west coast of the United States to Honolulu, and from Honolulu to Guam, to facilitate travel from the United States into CMI's
route system. 
 
 Alliances 
 
 Continental has entered into and continues to develop alliances with domestic carriers. In 1998, the Company entered into a long-term global alliance with Northwest Airlines, Inc. ("Northwest Airlines") (the "Northwest
Alliance"). Contemporaneously with the commencement of the Northwest Alliance, Northwest Airlines Corporation ("Northwest") purchased from a stockholder of the Company approximately 8.7 million shares of Class A common stock, par value .01 per share
("Class A common stock") of the Company. On January 22, 2001, the Company repurchased approximately 6.7 million of such shares for 450 million, and reclassified all issued shares of Class A common stock into Class B common stock, par value .01 per
share ("Class B common stock") (see the "Northwest Transaction"). At the same time, Continental and Northwest Airlines extended the term of the Northwest Alliance through 2025, subject to earlier termination by either carrier in the event of certain
changes in control of either Northwest Airlines or Continental. The Northwest Alliance provides that each carrier will place its code on a large number of the flights of the other and includes reciprocity of frequent flyer programs and executive lounge
access. Significant other joint marketing activities are being undertaken, while preserving the separate identities of the carriers. Northwest Airlines and Continental have also begun to enter into joint contracts with major corporations and travel
agents with the objective of creating access to a broader product line encompassing the route systems of both carriers. Continental has also entered into agreements to code share with certain Northwest Airlines regional affiliates. 
 
 Continental also has domestic code-sharing agreements with America West Airlines, Inc. ("America West"), Gulfstream International Airlines, Inc. ("Gulfstream"), Mesaba Aviation, Inc., Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., Alaska Airlines, Inc.
("Alaska Air"), Horizon Airlines, Inc., Champlain Enterprises, Inc., dba CommutAir and American Eagle Airlines, Inc. Continental also owns 28 of the common equity of Gulfstream. 
 
 In addition to domestic alliances, Continental seeks to develop international alliance relationships that complement the Company's own flying and permit expanded service through its hubs to major international destinations.
International alliances assist the Company in the development of its route structure by enabling the Company to offer more frequencies in a market, by providing passengers connecting service from Continental's international flights to other destinations
beyond an alliance partner's hub, or by expanding the product line that Continental may offer in a foreign destination. 
 
 Continental has implemented international code-sharing agreements with Alitalia Linee Aeree Italiane, S.P.A. ("Alitalia"), Air China, Emirates (the flag carrier of the United Arab Emirates), EVA Airways Corporation, an
airline based in Taiwan, Virgin Atlantic Airways ("Virgin"), Societe Air France ("Air France") and Compania Panamena de Aviacion, S.A. ("Copa"). Continental also owns 49 of the common equity of Copa. 
 
 Certain of Continental's code-sharing agreements involve block-space arrangements (pursuant to which carriers agree to share capacity and bear economic risk for blocks of seats on certain routes). Continental and Air France
purchase blocks of seats on each other's flights between Houston and Newark and Paris. Continental and Virgin exchange blocks of seats on each other's flights between Newark and London, and Continental purchases blocks of seats on eight other routes
flown by Virgin between the United Kingdom and the United States. Continental's block-space arrangement with Alitalia will be terminated effective March 25, 2001. The Company and Air France are continuing to discuss terminating certain portions of their
alliance. 
 
 Most of the Company's larger U.S. competitors are members of global airline groups involving multi-carrier marketing activities. Continental does not currently have an agreement to join such a group, and it is likely that any
group formed by Continental in the future would be smaller than some of these groups. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 As with other carriers, most tickets for travel on Continental are sold by travel agents. Travel agents generally receive commissions measured by a certain percentage of the price of tickets sold. Airlines often pay additional
commissions in connection with special revenue programs. 
 
 E-Ticket . In 2000, Continental expanded its electronic ticketing ("E-Ticket") product to approximately 95 of its destinations. E-Tickets result in lower distribution costs to the Company while providing enhanced customer
and revenue information. Continental recorded over 5.8 billion in E-Ticket sales in 2000, representing 54 of total sales. During 2000, Continental replaced its airport E-Ticket machines with new state-of-the-art eService Centers, self-service kiosks
for customer check-in, in over 50 U.S. airports. Continental and America West were the first U.S. airlines to implement interline E-Ticketing allowing customers to use electronic tickets when their itineraries include travel on both carriers. In 2000,
the Company implemented interline E-Ticketing with Northwest Airlines and plans to implement interline E-Ticketing with its alliance partners and some of the other large U.S. carriers. The Company expects these features to contribute to an increase in
E-Ticket usage and a further reduction in distribution costs. 
 
 Internet . Continental's award winning website, www.continental.com recorded over 320 million in ticket sales in 2000, compared with over 165 million in ticket sales in 1999. The site offers customers direct access to
information such as schedules, reservations, flight status, cargo tracking and Continental Online travel specials, a free weekly email containing special offers for weekend travel. New customer service features in 2000 include flight status notification
via text messaging tools and a downloadable timetable. Combined with online travel agents, the Company recorded over 665 million in ticket sales through the internet during 2000, compared with over 305 million in 1999. 
 
 Other . Continental is using e-commerce to improve distribution for the customer as well as reducing distribution costs. Continental, along with United Air Lines, Inc. ("United"), American Airlines, Inc. ("American"), Delta
Air Lines, Inc. ("Delta") and Northwest Airlines, own a majority interest in a comprehensive travel planning website, ORBITZ, which will offer customers unlimited access to a wide variety of unbiased travel options. To date, 29 U.S. and foreign carriers
have signed up to join the web-based travel service. ORBITZ will provide customers with convenient online access to airline, hotel, car rental and other travel services in addition to internet offers. The site will feature published fares from virtually
all carriers worldwide and will welcome the posting of internet fares from other carriers as well. In addition, Continental has entered into marketing agreements with other web-based travel service companies such as Biz Travel, Hotwire and Site59.com. 
 
 Frequent Flyer Program 
 
 Continental has established a frequent flyer program, "OnePass", designed to encourage repeat travel on its system. Continental's OnePass program currently allows passengers to earn mileage credits by flying Continental and
certain other carriers including Northwest Airlines, America West, Alaska Air, Alitalia, Air France, Qantas Airways, Copa and Gulfstream. The Company also sells mileage credits to credit card companies, phone companies, hotels, car rental agencies and
others participating in the OnePass program. 
 
 Due to the structure of the program and the low level of redemptions as a percentage of total travel, Continental believes that displacement of revenue passengers by passengers using flight awards has historically been minimal.
The number of awards used on Continental represented 7.6 and 7 of Continental's total revenue passenger miles in 2000 and 1999, respectively. 
 
 In 2000, Continental entered into a marketing agreement with MilePoint.com, a new website that allows frequent flyer customers to trade accumulated miles for discounts on online merchandise. To date, the Company, Delta, Northwest
Airlines, US Airways, Inc. ("US Airways"), and America West are participants and equity owners. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of December 31, 2000, the Company had approximately 54,300 employees (48,400 full-time equivalent employees, including approximately 21,150 customer service agents, reservations agents, ramp and other airport personnel, 9,000
flight attendants, 7,600 management and clerical employees, 6,500 pilots, 4,000 mechanics and 150 dispatchers). Labor costs are a significant component of the Company's expenses and can substantially impact airline results. In 2000, labor costs
(including employee incentives) constituted 30.9 of the Company's total operating expenses. While there can be no assurance that the Company's generally good labor relations and high labor productivity will continue, management has established as a
significant component of its business strategy the preservation of good relations with the Company's employees, approximately 41 of whom are represented by unions. 
 
 See Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources" for a table of the Company's, Express's and CMI's principal collective bargaining agreements,
and their respective amendable dates. 

Industry Regulation and Airport Access 
 
 Continental and its subsidiaries operate under certificates of public convenience and necessity issued by the Department of Transportation ("DOT"). Such certificates may be altered, amended, modified or suspended by the DOT if
public convenience and necessity so require, or may be revoked for intentional failure to comply with the terms and conditions of a certificate. 
 
 The airlines are also regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA"), primarily in the areas of flight operations, maintenance, ground facilities and other technical matters. Pursuant to these regulations, Continental
has established, and the FAA has approved, a maintenance program for each type of aircraft operated by the Company that provides for the ongoing maintenance of such aircraft, ranging from frequent routine inspections to major overhauls. 
 
 The DOT allows local airport authorities to implement procedures designed to abate special noise problems, provided such procedures do not unreasonably interfere with interstate or foreign commerce or the national transportation
system. Certain airports, including the major airports at Boston, Washington, D.C., Chicago, Los Angeles, San Diego, Orange County (California) and San Francisco, have established airport restrictions to limit noise, including restrictions on aircraft
types to be used and limits on the number of hourly or daily operations or the time of such operations. In some instances, these restrictions have caused curtailments in services or increases in operating costs, and such restrictions could limit the
ability of Continental to expand its operations at the affected airports. Local authorities at other airports are considering adopting similar noise regulations. 
 
 Airports from time to time seek to increase the rates charged to airlines, and the ability of airlines to contest such increases has been restricted by federal legislation, DOT regulations and judicial decisions. In addition,
some public airports impose passenger facility charges of up to 4.50 per segment for a maximum of 18 per roundtrip. With certain exceptions, these charges are passed on to customers. 
 
 The FAA has designated John F. Kennedy International Airport ("Kennedy") and LaGuardia Airport ("LaGuardia") in New York, O'Hare International Airport in Chicago ("O'Hare") and Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in
Washington, D.C. ("Reagan National") as "high density traffic airports" and has limited the number of departure and arrival slots at those airports. In April 2000, legislation was signed eliminating slot restrictions beginning in 2001 at O'Hare and 2007
at LaGuardia and Kennedy. Elimination of slot restrictions at O'Hare, LaGuardia and Kennedy already began through exemptions for new entrants and small aircraft serving small and non-hub airports. Express has been awarded slot exemptions to provide
service at LaGuardia using regional jets. The Borough of Queens, the City of New York and the Mayor of New York have asked the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit to review and reverse the DOT's decisions awarding slot exemptions at LaGuardia
and Kennedy to Express and other carriers. Subsequent to the award of slot exemptions at LaGuardia, the FAA reduced the number of slot exemptions available there effective January 31, 2001, to ameliorate congestion and delays, and Express will now have
only a limited number of slot exemptions available at LaGuardia. 
 
 The availability of international routes to U.S. carriers is regulated by treaties and related agreements between the United States and foreign governments. The United States typically follows the practice of encouraging foreign
governments to accept multiple carrier designation on foreign routes, although certain countries have sought to limit the number of carriers. Foreign route authorities may become less valuable to the extent that the United States and other countries
adopt "open skies" policies liberalizing entry on international routes. Continental cannot predict what laws and regulations will be adopted or their impact, but the impact could be significant. 
 
 Many aspects of Continental's operations are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state and local laws protecting the environment. Future regulatory developments could adversely affect operations and increase operating costs
in the airline industry. 
 
 Northwest Transaction 
 
 On November 15, 2000, Continental entered into a number of agreements with Northwest and some of its affiliates under which it would, among other things, repurchase approximately 6.7 million shares of Class A common stock owned by
Northwest, reclassify all issued shares of Class A common stock into Class B common stock, make other adjustments to its corporate and alliance relationship with Northwest Airlines and issue to Northwest Airlines one share of preferred stock, designated
as Series B preferred stock ("Series B preferred stock") with blocking rights relating to certain change of control transactions involving Continental and certain matters relating to Continental's rights plan. The transactions closed on January 22, 2001.
 Under the agreements relating to the recapitalization, Continental and Northwest agreed to seek dismissal of the antitrust litigation brought by the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") against Northwest and Continental, which dismissal was granted on
January 22, 2001. See Item 3. "Legal Proceedings - Antitrust Litigation". 
 
 Repurchase of Shares of Class A Common Stock . On January 22, 2001, Continental repurchased from Northwest and an affiliate 6,685,279 shares of Continental Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 450 million
in cash (or approximately 67 per share). 
 
 The shares repurchased represented approximately 77 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock owned by Northwest, excluding shares subject to a limited proxy held by Northwest. This limited proxy terminated upon the
closing of the recapitalization. After giving effect to the repurchase and the reclassification of the issued shares of Class A common stock into Class B common stock, Northwest's general voting power with respect to Continental, including Northwest's
right to vote certain shares under a limited proxy, was reduced from approximately 59.6 to approximately 7.2 . This percentage does not include the share of Series B preferred stock issued to Northwest Airlines in the recapitalization, which does not
have general voting rights but instead has a special class vote on certain change of control transactions as described below. 
 
 Reclassification of Shares of Class A Common Stock . At the effective time of the recapitalization, the remaining 1,975,945 shares of Class A common stock owned by Northwest that Continental did not purchase, as well as all
other issued shares of Class A common stock, were reclassified into Class B common stock at an exchange rate of 1.32 shares of Class B common stock per share of Class A common stock. Unlike the shares of Class A common stock, which were entitled to ten
votes per share, the shares of Class B common stock are entitled to one vote per share. 
 
 Amendment of Master Alliance Agreement . In connection with the recapitalization, the master alliance agreement between Continental and Northwest Airlines, pursuant to which certain joint marketing activities (such as code
sharing, reciprocal frequent flyer programs and executive lounge access) are undertaken, was extended through 2025, with automatic five-year renewals thereafter unless either party gives three years' advance notice of nonrenewal. The master alliance
agreement was also amended so that it will be terminable by either Northwest Airlines or, under certain limited circumstances, Continental with six months' prior written notice in the event of a change of control of Continental, and by either Continental
or Northwest Airlines with six months prior written notice in the event of a change of control of Northwest Airlines. 
 
 Issuance of Series B Preferred Stock . In connection with the transactions described above, including the amendment of the master alliance agreement described above, Continental issued to Northwest Airlines one share of
Series B preferred stock for consideration of 100 in cash. The Series B preferred stock gives Northwest Airlines the right to vote, as a separate class, during the term of the master alliance agreement or, if earlier, until the Series B preferred stock
becomes redeemable, on: 

any amendment to article seven of Continental's certificate of incorporation which relates, in general, to the requirement to obtain the approval of the holder of the Series B preferred stock to amend Continental's rights agreement;

certain business combinations and similar change of control transactions involving Continental and a third party major air carrier with respect to which the stockholders of Continental are entitled to vote; 

any dividend or distribution of all or substantially all of Continental's airline assets; and 

certain reorganizations and restructuring transactions involving Continental. 

Except for the right to vote on any amendment to Continental's certificate of incorporation that would adversely affect the Series B preferred stock, and on any other matter as may be required by law, the Series B preferred stock
does not have any other voting rights. The voting rights of the Series B preferred stock will be eliminated and the Series B preferred stock will, at Continental's option, be redeemable if: 

Northwest Airlines transfers (other than to a successor) or encumbers the Series B preferred stock; 

there is a change of control of Northwest; 

Northwest breaches in certain respects the standstill agreement described below; 

Northwest or certain of its affiliates takes action that results in Northwest or certain of its affiliates becoming an acquiring person under Continental's amended and restated rights agreement; 

the master alliance agreement described above terminates or expires (other than as a result of a breach or wrongful termination by Continental); or 

certain other events. 

Purchase of Right of First Offer . In connection with the recapitalization, Continental paid 1992 Air, Inc. 10 million in cash for its sale to Continental of its right of first offer to purchase the shares of Class A common
stock that the Company purchased from Northwest (which right terminated immediately after the recapitalization). 1992 Air, Inc. is an affiliate of David Bonderman, one of Continental's directors. 
 
 Standstill Agreement . In connection with the recapitalization, Northwest and certain of its affiliates have entered into a standstill agreement with the Company that contains standstill and conduct restrictions that are
substantially similar to those previously contained in the corporate governance agreement that had been in place between the parties. However, the percentage of Continental stock that Northwest and its affiliates may own has been adjusted downward to
reflect their holdings following the recapitalization and will be adjusted downward to reflect any subsequent dispositions by them of Continental common stock, and upward if their percentage ownership increases as a result of decreases in the number of
outstanding shares of Continental common stock. The agreement restricts Northwest and its affiliates from increasing their percentage ownership of shares of Continental stock or otherwise attempting to control or influence the Company. Under the
agreement, Northwest agreed to vote neutrally all of Continental's common stock owned by it after the recapitalization, except that Northwest will be free to vote its shares in its discretion with respect to a change of control of the Company, as defined
in the Series B preferred stock certificate of designations, and will vote neutrally or as recommended by Continental's board of directors with respect to the election of directors. The standstill agreement provides that Northwest will be released from
its obligations if Continental publicly announces that it is seeking, or has entered into an agreement with, a third party to acquire a majority of Continental's voting securities or all or substantially all of Continental's airline assets. 
 
 Amendment of the Rights Agreement . Continental has also amended its rights agreement to take into account, among other things, the effects of the recapitalization and to eliminate Northwest's status as an exempt person that
would not trigger the provisions of the rights agreement. 
 
 Adoption of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation . The Company's certificate of incorporation was amended to: 

reclassify the Company's Class A common stock into 1.32 shares of Class B common stock; 

eliminate all references to Class A and Class D common stock; 

provide that the Company has the authority to issue a total of 210 million shares (as opposed to 310 million shares under the previous certificate of incorporation); 

eliminate the special rights of a Northwest affiliate that owned Class A common stock; 

provide that until the Series B preferred stock becomes redeemable, Continental will not, without the consent of Northwest Airlines, amend its rights agreement or redeem the preferred stock purchase rights under the rights
agreement unless the amendment or redemption does not permit a third party major air carrier to enter into certain transactions that would result in its becoming, but for such amendment or redemption, an acquiring person under the rights agreement; and 

provide that until the Series B preferred stock becomes redeemable, the Company will take all necessary action to have in effect a rights agreement with terms and conditions identical in all material respects to the terms and
conditions of its amended and restated rights agreement and to issue the rights created under that agreement. 

Continental/Northwest Alliance . In November 1998, the Company and Northwest Airlines began implementing a long-term global alliance involving extensive code-sharing, frequent flyer reciprocity, and other cooperative
activities. Implementation of the Northwest Alliance continued throughout 2000. 
 
 The alliance agreement provides that if by January 25, 2002 the Company has not entered into a code share with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines ("KLM") or is not legally able (but for aeropolitical restrictions) to enter into a new
transatlantic joint venture with KLM and Northwest Airlines and place its airline code on certain Northwest Airlines flights, Northwest Airlines can elect to (i) cause good faith negotiations among the Company, KLM and Northwest Airlines as to the impact,
if any, on the contribution to the joint venture described below resulting from the absence of the code share, and the Company will reimburse the joint venture for the amount of any loss until it enters into a code-share arrangement with KLM, or (ii)
terminate (subject to cure rights of the Company) after one year's notice any or all of such alliance agreement and any or all of the agreements contemplated thereunder. As of January 22, 2001, the Company had not entered into a code share with KLM. 
 
 The alliance agreement also provides that subject to the receipt by Northwest Airlines, KLM and the Company of an adequate grant of antitrust immunity and within one year after all contractual and technical impediments have been
removed, the Company shall join, as an economic participant, a new transatlantic joint venture with Northwest Airlines and KLM. The Company has not yet applied for such antitrust immunity, and not all such impediments have been removed. The alliance
agreement provides that Northwest Airlines and KLM will negotiate in good faith with each other and with the Company the share of the new transatlantic joint venture to which the Company will be entitled. If the three carriers are unable to agree on the
profit shares of the new transatlantic joint venture, they will submit the matter to arbitration in accordance with the alliance agreement's dispute resolution procedures. In such a case, the arbitrator(s) will only be permitted to choose one award from
those submitted by each of the carriers. 
 
 Risk Factors Relating to the Company 
 
 High Leverage and Significant Financing Needs . Continental has a higher proportion of debt compared to its equity capital than some of its principal competitors. In addition, Continental has less cash resources than some
of its principal competitors. A majority of Continental's property and equipment is subject to liens securing indebtedness. Accordingly, Continental may be less able than some of its competitors to withstand a prolonged recession in the airline industry
or respond as flexibly to changing economic and competitive conditions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2000, Continental had approximately 3.7 billion (including current maturities) of long-term debt and capital lease obligations and approximately 1.9 billion of Continental-obligated mandatorily redeemable
preferred securities of trust, redeemable common stock and common stockholders' equity. Also at December 31, 2000, Continental had 1.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 
 
 Continental has substantial commitments for capital expenditures, including for the acquisition of new aircraft. As of December 31, 2000, Continental had agreed to acquire or lease a total of 86 additional Boeing jet aircraft
through 2005. The Company anticipates taking delivery of 35 Boeing jet aircraft in 2001. Continental also has options for an additional 105 aircraft (exercisable subject to certain conditions). The estimated aggregate cost of the Company's firm
commitments for Boeing aircraft is approximately 4 billion. Continental currently plans to finance its new Boeing aircraft with a combination of enhanced pass through trust certificates, lease equity and other third-party financing, subject to
availability and market conditions. As of December 31, 2000, Continental had approximately 890 million in financing arranged for such Boeing deliveries. Continental also has commitments or letters of intent for backstop financing for approximately 23 
of the anticipated remaining acquisition cost of future Boeing deliveries. In addition, at December 31, 2000, Continental had firm commitments to purchase 26 spare engines related to the new Boeing aircraft for approximately 158 million, which will be
deliverable through March 2005. 
 
 As of December 31, 2000, Express had firm commitments for 178 Embraer regional jets with options for an additional 100 Embraer regional jets exercisable through 2007. Express anticipates taking delivery of 41 regional jets in
2001. The estimated cost of the Company's firm commitments for Embraer regional jets is approximately 3 billion. Neither Express nor Continental will have any obligation to take any such firm Embraer aircraft that are not financed by a third party and
leased to Continental. 
 
 For 2000, cash expenditures under operating leases relating to aircraft approximated 864 million, compared to 758 million for 1999, and approximated 353 million relating to facilities and other rentals compared to 328 million
in 1999. Continental expects that its operating lease expenses for 2001 will increase over 2000 amounts. 
 
 Additional financing will be needed to satisfy the Company's capital commitments. Continental cannot predict whether sufficient financing will be available for capital expenditures not covered by firm financing commitments. 
 
 Continental's Historical Operating Results . Continental has recorded positive net income in each of the last six years. However, Continental experienced significant operating losses in the previous eight years.
Historically, the financial results of the U.S. airline industry have been cyclical. Continental cannot predict whether current industry conditions will continue. 
 
 Significant Cost of Aircraft Fuel . Fuel costs constitute a significant portion of Continental's operating expense. Fuel costs were approximately 15.6 of operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2000 and 9.7 for
the year ended December 31, 1999 (excluding fleet disposition/impairment losses). Fuel prices and supplies are influenced significantly by international political and economic circumstances. Continental enters into petroleum swap contracts, petroleum
call option contracts and/or jet fuel purchase commitments to provide some short-term protection (generally three to six months) against a sharp increase in jet fuel prices. The Company's fuel hedging strategy could result in the Company not fully
benefiting from certain fuel price declines. If a fuel supply shortage were to arise from OPEC production curtailments, a disruption of oil imports or otherwise, higher fuel prices or reduction of scheduled airline service could result. Significant
changes in fuel costs or continuation of high current jet fuel prices would materially affect Continental's operating results. 
 
 Labor Costs . Labor costs constitute a significant percentage of the Company's total operating costs, and the Company experiences competitive pressure to increase wages and benefits. In July 2000, the Company completed a
three-year program bringing all employees to industry standard wages and also announced and began to implement a phased plan to bring employee benefits to industry standard levels by 2003. The plan provides for increases in vacation, paid holidays,
increased 401(k) Company matching contributions and additional past service retirement credit for most senior employees. 
 
 Certain Tax Matters . At December 31, 2000, Continental had estimated net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs") of 1 billion for federal income tax purposes that will expire through 2021 and federal investment tax credit
carryforwards of 45 million that will expire through 2001. Due to an ownership change of Continental on April 27, 1993, the ultimate utilization of Continental's NOLs and investment tax credits may be limited, as described below. Reflecting this
limitation, Continental had a valuation allowance of 263 million at December 31, 2000. 
 
 Continental had, as of December 31, 2000, deferred tax assets aggregating 677 million, including 366 million related to NOLs. The Company has consummated several transactions that resulted in the recognition of NOLs of the
Company's predecessor. To the extent the Company were to determine in the future that additional NOLs of the Company's predecessor could be recognized in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, such benefit would reduce the value ascribed to
routes, gates and slots. 
 
 Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code ("Section 382") imposes limitations on a corporation's ability to utilize NOLs if it experiences an "ownership change." In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions
increasing the ownership of certain stockholders in the stock of a corporation by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. In the event that an ownership change occurred, utilization of Continental's NOLs would be subject to an annual
limitation under Section 382 determined by multiplying the value of Continental's stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate (which was 5.39 for December 2000). Any unused annual limitation may be carried over
to later years, and the amount of the limitation may under certain circumstances be increased by the built-in gains in assets held by Continental at the time of the change that are recognized in the five-year period after the change. Under current
conditions, if an ownership change were to occur, Continental's annual NOL utilization would be limited to approximately 174 million per year other than through the recognition of future built-in gain transactions. 
 
 In November 1998, Northwest completed its acquisition of certain equity of the Company previously held by Air Partners, L.P. and its affiliates, together with certain Class A common stock of the Company held by other investors,
totaling 8,661,224 shares of the Class A common stock. On January 22, 2001, Continental repurchased 6,685,279 shares of Continental Class A common stock from Northwest and an affiliate. In addition, each issued share of Continental Class A common stock
was reclassified into 1.32 shares of Class B common stock in a nontaxable transaction. The Company does not believe that these transactions resulted in an ownership change for purposes of Section 382. 
 
 Continental Micronesia's Dependence on the Japanese Economy; Currency Risk . Because the majority of CMI's traffic originates in Japan, its results of operations are substantially affected by the Japanese economy and
changes in the value of the yen as compared to the dollar. To reduce the potential negative impact on CMI's earnings, the Company has entered into forward contracts as a hedge against a portion of its expected net yen cash flow position. As of December
31, 2000, the Company had hedged approximately 75 of 2001 projected yen-denominated net cash flows at a rate of 99 yen to 1 US. 
 
 Risks Factors Relating to the Airline Industry 
 
 Competition and Industry Conditions . The airline industry is highly competitive and susceptible to price discounting. Carriers have used discount fares to stimulate traffic during periods of slack demand, to generate cash
flow and to increase market share. Some of Continental's competitors have substantially greater financial resources or lower cost structures than Continental. 
 
 Airline profit levels are highly sensitive to changes in fuel costs, fare levels and passenger demand. Passenger demand and fare levels have in the past been influenced by, among other things, the general state of the economy
(both internationally and domestically), international events, airline capacity and pricing actions taken by carriers. Domestically, from 1990 to 1993, the weak U.S. economy, turbulent international events and extensive price discounting by carriers
contributed to unprecedented losses for U.S. airlines. In the last several years, the U.S. economy has improved and excessive price discounting has abated. Continental cannot predict the extent to which these industry conditions will continue. 
 
 In recent years, the major U.S. airlines have sought to form marketing alliances with other U.S. and foreign air carriers. Such alliances generally provide for "code-sharing", frequent flyer reciprocity, coordinated scheduling of
flights of each alliance member to permit convenient connections and other joint marketing activities. Such arrangements permit an airline to market flights operated by other alliance members as its own. This increases the destinations, connections and
frequencies offered by the airline, which provide an opportunity to increase traffic on its segment of flights connecting with its alliance partners. The Northwest Alliance is an example of such an arrangement, and Continental has existing alliances with
numerous other air carriers. Other major U.S. airlines have alliances or planned alliances more extensive than Continental's. Continental cannot predict the extent to which it will benefit from its alliances or be disadvantaged by competing alliances. 
 
 In recent years, and particularly since its deregulation in 1978, the U.S. airline industry has also undergone substantial consolidation, and it may in the future undergo additional consolidation. For example, in May 2000, United,
the nation's largest commercial airline, announced its agreement to acquire US Airways, the nation's sixth largest commercial airline, subject to regulatory approvals and other conditions. In addition, in January 2001, American announced agreements to
acquire the majority of Trans World Airlines, Inc.'s assets and some of US Airways' assets, subject to regulatory approvals and other conditions. Continental routinely monitors changes in the competitive landscape and engages in analysis and discussions
regarding its strategic position, including alliances and business combination transactions. Continental has had, and anticipates it will continue to have, discussions with third parties regarding strategic alternatives. The impact on Continental of
these pending transactions and any additional consolidation within the U.S. airline industry cannot be predicted at this time. 
 
 Regulatory Matters . Airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal compliance requirements that engender significant costs. In the last several years, the FAA has issued a number of directives and other regulations
relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that have required significant expenditures. Some FAA requirements cover, among other things, retirement of older aircraft, security measures, collision avoidance systems, airborne windshear avoidance
systems, noise abatement, commuter aircraft safety and increased inspections and maintenance procedures to be conducted on older aircraft. Continental expects to continue incurring expenses in complying with the FAA's regulations. 
 
 Additional laws, regulations, taxes and airport rates and charges have been proposed from time to time that could significantly increase the cost of airline operations or reduce revenues. For instance, "passenger bill of rights"
legislation has been introduced in Congress that would, among other things, require the payment of compensation to passengers as a result of certain delays, and limit the ability of carriers to prohibit or restrict usage of certain tickets in manners
currently prohibited or restricted. The DOT has proposed rules that would significantly limit major carriers' ability to compete with new entrant carriers. If adopted, these measures could have the effect of raising ticket prices, reducing revenue and
increasing costs. Restrictions on the ownership and transfer of airline routes and takeoff and landing slots have also been proposed. See "Industry Regulation and Airport Access" above. The ability of U.S. carriers to operate international routes is
subject to change because the applicable arrangements between the United States and foreign governments may be amended from time to time, or because appropriate slots or facilities are not made available. Continental cannot provide assurance that laws or
regulations enacted in the future will not adversely affect it. 
 
 Seasonal Nature of Airline Business; Other . Due to greater demand for air travel during the summer months, revenue in the airline industry in the second and third quarters of the year is generally stronger than revenue in
the first and fourth quarters of the year for most U.S. air carriers. Continental's results of operations generally reflect this seasonality, but have also been impacted by numerous other factors that are not necessarily seasonal, including the extent
and nature of competition from other airlines, fare wars, excise and similar taxes, changing levels of operations, fuel prices, weather, air traffic control delays, foreign currency exchange rates and general economic conditions. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 
 Flight Equipment 
 
 As shown in the following table, Continental's aircraft fleet consisted of 371 jets, 96 regional jets and 70 turboprop aircraft at December 31, 2000. Continental's purchase commitments as of December 31, 2000 are also shown below.

Aircraft 
 Type 

Total 
 Aircraft 

Owned 

Leased 

Orders 

Options 
 
 Seats in 
 Standard Configuration 

Average Age 
 (In Years) 

777-200 
 
 16 
 
 4 
 
 12 
 
 2 
 
 6 
 
 283 
 
 1.7 

767-400ER 
 
 4 
 
 3 
 
 1 
 
 20 
 
 - 
 
 235 
 
 0.2 

767-200ER 
 
 3 
 
 3 
 
 - 
 
 7 
 
 10 
 
 174 
 
 0.1 

757-300 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 15 
 
 5 
 
 210 
 
 - 

757-200 
 
 41 
 
 13 
 
 28 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 172 
 
 3.9 

737-900 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 15 
 
 15 
 
 167 
 
 - 

737-800 
 
 58 
 
 17 
 
 41 
 
 27 
 
 38 
 
 155 
 
 1.3 

737-700 
 
 36 
 
 12 
 
 24 
 
 - 
 
 31 
 
 124 
 
 2.0 

737-500 
 
 66 
 
 15 
 
 51 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 104 
 
 4.7 

737-300 
 
 65 
 
 14 
 
 51 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 124 
 
 13.4 

DC10-30 
 
 17 
 
 4 
 
 13 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 242 
 
 25.5 

MD-80 
 
 65 
 
 17 
 
 48 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 141 
 
 15.9 

371 
 
 102 
 
 269 
 
 86 
 
 105 

ERJ-145XR 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 75 
 
 100 
 
 50 
 
 - 

ERJ-145 
 
 78 
 
 18 
 
 60 
 
 71 
 
 - 
 
 50 
 
 1.9 

ERJ-135 
 
 18 
 
 - 
 
 18 
 
 32 
 
 - 
 
 37 
 
 0.7 

96 
 
 18 
 
 78 
 
 178 
 
 100 

Total jets 
 
 467 
 
 120 
 
 347 

6.7 

ATR-42-320 
 
 31 
 
 9 
 
 22 

46 
 
 10.8 

EMB-120 
 
 20 
 
 10 
 
 10 

30 
 
 11.0 

Beech 1900-D 
 
 19 
 
 - 
 
 19 

19 
 
 4.8 

70 
 
 19 
 
 51 

Total 
 
 537 
 
 139 
 
 398 

7.1 

A majority of the aircraft and engines owned by Continental are subject to mortgages. 
 
 During 2000, Continental put into service a total of 28 new Boeing aircraft which consisted of four 767-400ER aircraft, three 767-200ER aircraft, 16 737-800 aircraft, three 757-200 aircraft and two 777-200 aircraft. Express took
delivery of 22 ERJ-145 aircraft and 12 ERJ-135 aircraft. The Company retired 11 DC10-30's, five 727-200's and four MD-80's in 2000. 
 
 The Company anticipates taking delivery of 35 Boeing jet aircraft in 2001 and the remainder of its firm orders through November 2005. The Company plans to retire 16 jet aircraft in 2001. 
 
 Express anticipates taking delivery of 41 Embraer regional jet aircraft in 2001 and the remainder of its firm orders through the first quarter of 2005. The Company plans to retire 20 turboprop aircraft in 2001. 
 
 See Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Commitments" for a discussion of the Company's order for new firm commitment aircraft and related
financing arrangements. 
 
 Facilities 
 
 The Company's principal facilities are located at Newark, Bush Intercontinental, Hopkins International and A.B. Won Pat International Airport in Guam. Substantially all of these facilities and Continental's other facilities are
leased on a long-term, net-rental basis, and Continental is responsible for maintenance, taxes, insurance and other facility-related expenses and services. At each of its three domestic hub cities and most other locations, Continental's passenger and
baggage handling space is leased directly from the airport authority on varying terms dependent on prevailing practice at each airport. Continental also maintains administrative offices, airport and terminal facilities, training facilities and other
facilities related to the airline business in the cities it serves. 
 
 Continental has entered into agreements with the City of Houston, Texas, the City of Cleveland, Ohio, the New Jersey Economic Development Authority, the Department of Transportation of the State of Hawaii, the Regional Airports
Improvement Corporation, and the Harris County (Houston) Industrial Development Corporation to provide funds for constructing, improving and modifying facilities and acquiring equipment which have been or will be leased to Continental. In connection
therewith, Continental has unconditionally guaranteed the principal and interest on certain bonds totaling approximately 1.6 billion and has entered into long-term leases with the respective authorities under which rental payments will be sufficient to
service the related bonds. The leases generally have terms ranging from 20 to 30 years. 
 
 During 2000, construction continued under Continental's Global Gateway Program at Newark International Airport. The program includes construction of a new concourse in Terminal C and other facility improvements. The project is
currently ahead of schedule and is expected to be completed in 2002. During 2000, Continental also began plans for the construction of the International Services Expansion Program ("ISEP") with the City of Houston at Bush Intercontinental. Continental's
portion of the ISEP includes a new international terminal, a new international ticketing facility, a new cargo facility and various other support facilities and improvements to the Company's existing leased property at Bush Intercontinental. The Company
plans to finance its portion of the ISEP with bond financing made available through the City of Houston. 
 
 The Company has cargo facilities at Los Angeles International Airport, which it has subleased to another carrier. If such carrier failed to comply with its obligations under the sublease, the Company would be required to perform
those obligations. 
 
 Continental remains contingently liable until December 1, 2015, on 196 million of long-term lease obligations of US Airways related to the East End Terminal at LaGuardia. If US Airways defaulted on these obligations,
Continental could be required to cure the default, at which time it would have the right to occupy the terminal. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 Antitrust Litigation 
 
 United States of America v. Northwest Airlines Corp. Continental Airlines, Inc., in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan, Southern Division. In this litigation, the Antitrust Division
of the DOJ challenged under Section 7 of the Clayton Act and Section 1 of the Sherman Act the acquisition by Northwest of shares of Continental's Class A common stock bearing, together with certain shares for which Northwest had a limited proxy, more than
50 of the fully diluted voting power of all Continental stock. The government's position was that, notwithstanding various agreements that restricted Northwest's ability to exercise voting control over Continental and were designed to assure
Continental's competitive independence, Northwest's control of the Class A common stock would reduce actual and potential competition in various ways and in a variety of markets. The government sought an order requiring Northwest to divest all voting
stock in Continental on terms and conditions agreeable to the government and the Court. Under the Northwest Agreements, Continental and Northwest supported an adjournment of the DOJ lawsuit pending closing of the transaction (which adjournment was
granted by the U.S. District Court on November 6, 2000) and agreed to seek dismissal of the DOJ litigation upon or promptly after the closing. The U.S. District Court entered an order dismissing this litigation on January 22, 2001. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 On July 25, 2000 a Concorde aircraft operated by Air France crashed shortly after takeoff from France's Charles de Gaulle airport, killing 114 people, most of whom were tourists on board the chartered aircraft, which was also
destroyed. The interim investigation conducted by French authorities suggests that one of the aircraft's tires burst and that portions of the resulting debris struck the underside of a wing of the aircraft which caused the rupture of a fuel tank, leading
to a fire and the crash. In early September 2000, Continental learned that a small piece of metal found on the runway after the Concorde took off is believed by the French authorities to have caused or contributed to the tire failure and is suspected by
investigators to have come from a Continental DC10 aircraft that had taken off on the same runway a short time before the Concorde. 
 
 The following lawsuits involving the Company have been filed to date in connection with the accident, which remains under investigation: Air France and its Insurers v. Continental Airlines, Inc., USAU, Inc, and USAIG filed
on September 15, 2000 before the Commercial Court of Pontoise, France, in which the plaintiffs seek damages for indemnification paid to the passengers' families and other parties, for destruction of the aircraft, and for any other expenses and costs
incurred by Air France; and Case No. 00-07707, In re: Petition of Ina Frentzen, Rita Frentzen-Bien, and Ralf Frentzen Requesting Depositions Before Suit filed on September 29, 2000 in the District Court for Dallas County, Texas, D-95th Judicial District (Parties in interest include Continental
Airlines, Inc. and The Goodyear Tire Rubber Company), in which the plaintiffs seek to depose certain parties, including officers and employees of the Company, prior to determining whether to file suit against the Company and certain other parties;
and Case No. 01CIV.0149, Dr. Hans-Joachim Schnitter, Dietmar Schnitter, Kerstin Hoffman, Carola Wagner and Annette Friedland v. Air France, S.A., Continental Airlines, Inc., BAE Systems plc, European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company N.V., The Goodyear Tire and Rubber
Company, General Electric Company, MRA Systems, Inc. , filed on January 9, 2001 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, in which the plaintiffs seek compensatory and punitive damages in connection with the deaths of three passengers on board the Concorde at the time of
the loss. The Company anticipates that additional suits will be filed against the Company in the future connected with this accident. 
 
 The foregoing litigation is in preliminary stages. The Company is cooperating with French and U.S. authorities in the investigation of the accident. Although the outcome of such suits or any future litigation cannot be known at
this time, the Company's costs to defend these matters and, the Company believes, any potential liability exposure are covered by insurance. Consequently, management does not expect the foregoing litigation or any additional suits that may arise from the
accident to have a material adverse effect on the financial position or results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Environmental Proceedings 
 
 Under the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended (commonly known as "Superfund") and similar state environment cleanup laws, generators of waste disposed of at designated
sites may, under certain circumstances, be subject to joint and several liability for investigation and remediation costs. The Company (including its predecessors) has been identified as a potentially responsible party at six federal and two state sites
that are undergoing or have undergone investigation or remediation. The Company has entered into a settlement agreement with the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") with respect to five of the federal sites. The settlement agreement provides for the
EPA to receive an allowed unsecured claim of approximately 1.3 million under the Company's Plan of Reorganization and approximately 230,000 in cash, in full satisfaction of any and all of the Company's liabilities relating to such sites. In addition,
the Company has settled one of the state sites for a de minimis amount. With respect to the remaining sites, the Company believes that, although applicable case law is evolving and some cases may be interpreted to the contrary, some or all of any
liability claims associated with these sites were discharged by confirmation of the Company's 1993 Plan of Reorganization, principally because the Company's exposure is based on alleged offsite disposal known as of the date of confirmation. Even if any
such claims were not discharged, on the basis of currently available information, the Company believes that its potential liability for its allocable share of the cost to remedy each site (to the extent the Company is found to have liability) is not, in
the aggregate, material; however, the Company has not been designated a "de minimis" contributor at any of such sites. 
 
 The Company is also and may from time to time become involved in other environmental matters, including the investigation and/or remediation of environmental conditions at properties used or previously used by the Company.
Although the Company is not currently subject to any environmental cleanup orders imposed by regulatory authorities, it is undertaking voluntary investigation or remediation at certain properties in consultation with such authorities. The full nature and
extent of any contamination at these properties and the parties responsible for such contamination have not been determined, but based on currently available information, the Company does not believe that any environmental liability associated with such
properties will have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 General 
 
 Various other claims and lawsuits against the Company are pending that are of the type generally consistent with the Company's business. The Company cannot at this time reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss that
could be experienced if any of the claims were successful. Many of such claims and lawsuits are covered in whole or in part by insurance. The Company does not believe that the foregoing matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
 Continental's Class B common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange; its Class A common stock ceased trading on January 22, 2001 upon the closing of the Northwest Transaction. The table below shows the high and low sales
prices for the Company's Class B common stock and Class A common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange during 1999 and 2000. 

Class B 
 Common Stock 
 
 Class A 
 Common Stock 

High 
 
 Low 
 
 High 
 
 Low 

1999 
 
 First Quarter 
 
 41-11/16 
 
 30 
 
 44-15/16 
 
 34-1/8 

Second Quarter 
 
 48 
 
 36-7/16 
 
 48 
 
 36-13/16 

Third Quarter 
 
 44-9/16 
 
 31-5/8 
 
 44-3/8 
 
 31-13/16 

Fourth Quarter 
 
 44-3/8 
 
 32-3/8 
 
 44-11/16 
 
 32-3/16 

2000 
 
 First Quarter 
 
 46-5/8 
 
 29 
 
 46-1/2 
 
 29-1/16 

Second Quarter 
 
 50 
 
 37-5/8 
 
 49-1/8 
 
 38-3/16 

Third Quarter 
 
 54-13/16 
 
 43-1/8 
 
 54-3/4 
 
 43-3/8 

Fourth Quarter 
 
 54-9/16 
 
 40-1/2 
 
 68-1/2 
 
 40-13/16 

On January 22, 2001, each issued share of Class A common stock was reclassified into 1.32 shares of Class B common stock. See Item 1. "Business - Northwest Transaction". 
 
 As of January 22, 2001, there were approximately 16,509 holders of record of Continental's Class B common stock. 
 
 The Company has paid no cash dividends on its common stock and has no current intention of paying cash dividends on its common stock. Continental began a stock repurchase program in 1998 under which it repurchased a total of 28.1
million shares of Class B common stock for a total of approximately 1.2 billion through December 31, 2000. Of the approximately 287 million available in the program as of December 31, 2000, 200 million was used as part of the purchase price for
6,685,279 shares of Class A common stock held by Northwest. The Company plans to use the remaining balance in the program, along with (i) one-half of future net income (excluding special gains and charges), (ii) all the proceeds from the sale of
non-strategic assets and (iii) the amount of cash proceeds received by the Company for the purchase of common stock by employees and other participants under its employee stock purchase and stock option plans to continue to repurchase its common stock in
the future. Certain of the Company's credit agreements and indentures restrict the ability of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries to pay cash dividends or repurchase capital stock by imposing minimum unrestricted cash requirements on the Company,
limiting the amount of such dividends and repurchases when aggregated with certain other payments or distributions and requiring that the Company comply with other covenants specified in such instruments. 
 
 The Company's Certificate of Incorporation provides that no shares of capital stock may be voted by or at the direction of persons who are not United States citizens unless such shares are registered on a separate stock record.
The Company's Bylaws further provide that no shares will be registered on such separate stock record if the amount so registered would exceed United States foreign ownership restrictions. United States law currently limits the voting power in the Company
(or any other U.S. airline) of persons who are not citizens of the United States to 25 . 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 
 
 The tables below set forth certain consolidated financial data of the Company at December 31, 2000, 1999, 1998, 1997 and 1996 and for each of the five years in the period ended December 31, 2000 (in millions, except per share
data). 

Year Ended December 31, (1)(2) 

2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 
 
 1997 
 
 1996 

Operating revenue 
 
 9,899 
 
 8,639 
 
 7,927 
 
 7,194 
 
 6,347 

Operating income 
 
 684 
 
 600 
 
 701 
 
 716 
 
 525 

Income before cumulative effect 
 of accounting changes and extra- 
 ordinary charge 

348 

488 

387 

389 

325 

Net income 
 
 342 
 
 455 
 
 383 
 
 385 
 
 319 

Earnings per common share: 

Income before cumulative effect 
 of accounting changes and 
 extraordinary charge 

5.71 

7.02 

6.40 

6.72 

5.87 

Net income 
 
 5.62 
 
 6.54 
 
 6.34 
 
 6.65 
 
 5.75 

Earnings per common share 
 assuming dilution: 

Income before cumulative effect 
 of accounting changes and 
 extraordinary charge 

5.54 

6.64 

5.06 

5.03 

4.25 

Net income 
 
 5.45 
 
 6.20 
 
 5.02 
 
 4.99 
 
 4.17 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. (Continued) 

December 31, 

2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 
 
 1997 
 
 1996 

Total assets 
 
 9,201 
 
 8,223 
 
 7,086 
 
 5,830 
 
 5,206 

Long-term debt and capital lease 
 obligations 

3,374 

3,055 

2,480 

1,568 

1,624 

Minority interest (3) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 15 

Continental-Obligated Mandatorily 
 Redeemable Preferred Securities 
 of Subsidiary Trust holding 
 solely Convertible Subordinated 
 Debentures (4) 

242 

- 

111 

242 

242 

Redeemable preferred stock (5) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 46 

Redeemable common stock (6) 
 
 450 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

See Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations" for a discussion of significant transactions in 2000, 1999 and 1998. Results for 2000 include a 6
million gain related to the sale of the Company's remaining investment in, and a right of first refusal relating to, America West Holdings Corporation. Results for 1999 include a 50 million fleet disposition/impairment loss resulting from the Company's
decision to accelerate the retirement of certain jet and turboprop aircraft. In addition, 1999 results include a 200 million gain related to the sale of the Company's interest in AMADEUS and other asset sales. Results for 1999 also include the
cumulative effect of accounting changes 33 million, net of taxes) related to the write-off of pilot training costs and a change in the method of accounting for the sale of mileage credits under the Company's frequent flyer program. Results for 1998
include a 77 million fleet disposition/impairment loss resulting from the Company's decision to accelerate the retirement of certain jet and turboprop aircraft. 1996 results include a 77 million fleet disposition loss associated with the Company's
decision to accelerate the replacement of its DC-9-30, DC-10-10, 727-200, 737-100 and 737-200 aircraft. 
 No cash dividends were paid on common stock during the periods shown. 
 Continental purchased United Micronesia Development Association, Inc.'s 9 interest in Air Micronesia, Inc. in 1997. 
 The sole assets of the Continental-Obligated Mandatorily Redeemable Preferred Securities of Subsidiary Trust ("Trust") are Convertible Subordinated Debentures. In 1998, approximately 134 million principal amount of such Preferred
Securities converted into shares of Class B common stock, and in January 1999, the remainder of such Preferred Securities converted into shares of Class B common stock. 
 Continental redeemed for cash all of the outstanding shares of its Series A 12 Cumulative Preferred Stock in 1997. 
 Represents Class A common stock repurchased from Northwest on January 22, 2001. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL 
 CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements. In connection therewith, please see the cautionary statements contained in Item 1. "Business - Risk Factors Relating to the Company" and "Business - Risk Factors
Relating to the Airline Industry" which identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Hereinafter, the terms "Continental" and the "Company" refer to Continental Airlines,
Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 Continental's results of operations are impacted by seasonality (the second and third quarters are generally stronger than the first and fourth quarters) as well as numerous other factors that are not necessarily seasonal,
including the extent and nature of competition from other airlines, employee job actions (including at other airlines), fare sale activities, excise and similar taxes, changing levels of operations and capacity, fuel prices, weather, air traffic control
delays, foreign currency exchange rates, changes in regulations and aviation treaties and general economic conditions. Rising jet fuel prices significantly impacted results of operations in 2000. However, management believes the Company is well
positioned to respond to market conditions in the event of a sustained economic downturn due to its flexible fleet plan, a strong cash balance and a well developed alliance network. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion provides an analysis of the Company's results of operations and reasons for material changes therein for the three years ended December 31, 2000. 
 
 Comparison of 2000 to 1999 . The Company recorded consolidated net income of 342 million and 455 million for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Net income in 2000 included a 6 million after-tax
gain on the sale of a right of first refusal and the Company's investment in America West Holdings Corporation ("America West Holdings") and a 6 million extraordinary charge from the early repayment of debt. Net income in 1999 was significantly impacted
by several non-recurring items, including 200 million of after-tax gains on the sale of the Company's interest in AMADEUS Global Travel Distribution S.A. ("AMADEUS") and other investments, a 50 million after-tax fleet disposition/impairment loss related
to the early retirement of several DC-10-30's and other items and the cumulative effect of accounting changes 33 million, net of taxes) related to the write-off of pilot training costs and a change in the method of accounting for the sale of mileage
credits to participating partners in the Company's frequent flyer program. 
 
 Passenger revenue increased 14.7 , 1.2 billion, during 2000 as compared to 1999. The increase was principally due to new transatlantic and Latin American destinations served as well as an improvement in yield and load factor. 
 
 Cargo and mail revenue increased 18.8 , 57 million, in 2000 as compared to 1999 primarily due to increased international volumes resulting from new markets. 
 
 Wages, salaries and related costs increased 13.3 , 335 million, during 2000 as compared to 1999, primarily due to a 5.8 increase in average full-time equivalent employees to support increased flying, increased employee incentives
and higher wage rates resulting from the Company's decision to increase employee wages to industry standard by the year 2000. 
 
 Aircraft fuel expense increased 86.5 , 667 million, in 2000 as compared to the prior year. The average price per gallon increased 83.2 from 47.31 cents in 1999 to 86.69 cents in 2000. In addition, jet fuel consumption decreased
0.3 even with increased flight operations principally reflecting the fuel efficiency of the Company's younger fleet. During 2000 and 1999, the Company recognized gains of approximately 44 million and 90 million, respectively, related to its fuel
hedging program. 
 
 Aircraft rentals increased 9.5 , 73 million, during 2000 as compared to 1999, due to the addition of newer aircraft. 
 
 Maintenance, materials and repairs increased 7.1 , 43 million, in 2000 as compared to 1999 due to an increase in line maintenance and the volume and timing of engine overhauls as part of the Company's ongoing maintenance program. 

Landing fees and other rentals increased 7.0 , 35 million, in 2000 as compared to 1999 primarily due to higher facilities rent and landing fees resulting from increased operations. 
 
 Commissions expense decreased 8.7 , 50 million, during 2000 as compared to 1999 due to a lower volume of commissionable sales and lower rates resulting from international commission caps. 
 
 Reservations and sales expense increased 9.9 , 41 million, in 2000 as compared to 1999 primarily due to higher credit card fees resulting from increased sales. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased 11.7 , 42 million, in 2000 compared to 1999 primarily due to the addition of new aircraft and related spare parts. 
 
 Passenger servicing expense increased 4.0 , 14 million, in 2000 compared to 1999 primarily due to an increase in food costs caused by an increase in passengers. 
 
 During 1999, the Company made the decision to accelerate the retirement of six DC-10-30 aircraft and other items in 1999 and the first half of 2000 and to dispose of related excess inventory. In addition, the market value of
certain Boeing 747 aircraft no longer operated by the Company had declined. As a result of these items and certain other fleet-related items, the Company recorded a fleet disposition/impairment loss of 81 million in 1999. 
 
 Other operating expense increased 5.2 , 57 million, in 2000 as compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of increases in outsourced services, travel and other incidental costs, and other miscellaneous expense. 
 
 Interest expense increased 7.7 , 18 million, in 2000 as compared to 1999 due to an increase in long-term debt resulting from the purchase of new aircraft, partially offset by interest savings due to the conversion of the Company's
6-3/4 Convertible Subordinated Notes into Class B common stock, par value .01 per share ("Class B common stock"), in the second quarter of 1999 and the repurchase of the Company's remaining 9-1/2 senior unsecured notes in 2000. 
 
 Interest income increased 22.5 , 16 million, in 2000 as compared to 1999 due to higher average balances of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and due to higher interest rates. 
 
 The Company's other nonoperating income (expense) in 2000 included a 9 million gain related to the sale of a right of first refusal and the Company's remaining investment in America West Holdings, partially offset by foreign
currency losses of 8 million. Other nonoperating income (expense) in 1999 included a 33 million gain on the sale of a portion of the Company's interest in Equant N.V. ("Equant"), partially offset by foreign currency losses of 13 million, losses on
equity investments of 7 million and a 4 million loss on the sale of the Company's warrants to purchase common stock of priceline.com, Inc. 
 
 In 2000, an extraordinary charge of 6 million (net of income tax benefit) was recorded related to the early extinguishment of debt. 
 
 Comparison of 1999 to 1998 . The Company recorded consolidated net income of 455 million and 383 million for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Net income in 1999 was significantly impacted by
several non-recurring items, including 200 million of after-tax gains on the sale of the Company's interest in AMADEUS and other investments, a 50 million after-tax fleet disposition/impairment loss related to the early retirement of several DC-10-30s
and other items and the cumulative effect of accounting changes 33 million, net of taxes) related to the write-off of pilot training costs and a change in the method of accounting for the sale of mileage credits to participating partners in the
Company's frequent flyer program. Net income in 1998 was significantly impacted by a 77 million after-tax fleet disposition/impairment loss resulting from the Company's decision to accelerate the retirement of certain jet and turboprop aircraft. 
 
 Passenger revenue increased 8.9 , 660 million, during 1999 as compared to 1998. The increase was due to an 11.3 increase in revenue passenger miles, partially offset by a 2.7 decrease in yield. Both yield pressures in the
transatlantic markets and a 6.7 increase in average stage length caused the decrease in yield. 
 
 Cargo and mail revenue increased 10.2 , 28 million, in 1999 as compared to 1998 due to increased domestic and international volumes and new markets added in 1999. 
 
 Other operating revenue increased 12.2 , 24 million, in 1999 compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in fees charged to customers to change advance purchase tickets and also due to an increase in Presidents Club
revenue as a result of a larger number of these airport private clubs. 
 
 Wages, salaries and related costs increased 13.2 , 292 million, during 1999 as compared to 1998, primarily due to an 8.3 increase in average full-time equivalent employees to support increased flying and higher wage rates
resulting from the Company's decision to increase employee wages to industry standard by the year 2000. 
 
 Aircraft fuel expense increased 6.1 , 44 million, in 1999 as compared to the prior year. The average price per gallon increased 1.0 from 46.83 cents in 1998 to 47.31 cents in 1999. This increase is net of gains of approximately
 90 million recognized during 1999 related to the Company's fuel hedging program. In addition, the quantity of jet fuel used increased 3.7 principally reflecting increased capacity offset in part by the increased fuel efficiency of the Company's younger
fleet. 
 
 Aircraft rentals increased 17.0 , 112 million, during 1999 as compared to 1998, due to the delivery of new aircraft. 
 
 Landing fees and other rentals increased 20.0 , 83 million, during 1999 as compared to 1998 primarily due to higher facilities rent due to increased rates and volume and higher landing fees resulting from increased operations. 
 
 Commissions expense decreased 1.2 , 7 million, during 1999 as compared to 1998 due to lower rates resulting from international commission caps and a lower volume of commissionable sales. 
 
 Reservations and sales expense increased 12.8 , 47 million, in 1999 compared to 1998 primarily due to an increase in credit card discount fees and computer reservation system fees as a result of higher sales. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased 22.4 , 66 million, in 1999 compared to 1998 primarily due to the addition of new aircraft and related spare parts. 
 
 Passenger servicing expense increased 13.9 , 43 million, in 1999 compared to 1998 primarily due to an increase in food costs caused by an increase in passengers. 
 
 Other operating expense increased 16.1 , 153 million, in 1999 as compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of increases in aircraft servicing expense and outsourced services. 
 
 Interest expense increased 30.9 , 55 million, in 1999 as compared to 1998 due to an increase in long-term debt resulting from the purchase of new aircraft and 200 million of 8 unsecured senior notes issued in December 1998,
partially offset by interest savings of 9 million due to the conversion of the Company's 6-3/4 Convertible Subordinated Notes into Class B common stock. 
 
 Interest income increased 20.3 , 12 million, in 1999 as compared to 1998 due to higher average balances of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and due to higher interest rates. 

Certain Statistical Information 
 
 An analysis of statistical information for Continental's jet operations, excluding regional jets operated by Continental Express, Inc. ("Express"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2000 is as follows: 

2000 
 
 Net Increase/ 
 (Decrease) 
 2000-1999 

1999 
 
 Net Increase/ 
 (Decrease) 
 1999-1998 

1998 

Revenue passengers 
 (thousands) 

46,896 

3.0 

45,540 

4.4 

43,625 

Revenue passenger miles 
 (millions) (1) 

64,161 

6.9 

60,022 

11.3 

53,910 

Available seat miles 
 (millions) (2) 

86,100 

5.1 

81,946 

9.7 

74,727 

Passenger load factor (3) 
 
 74.5 
 
 1.3 pts. 
 
 73.2 
 
 1.1 pts. 
 
 72.1 

Breakeven passenger load 
 factor (4)(5) 

66.3 

1.6 pts. 

64.7 

3.1 pts. 

61.6 

Passenger revenue per 
 available seat mile 
 (cents) 

9.84 

7.9 

9.12 

(1.2) 

9.23 

Total revenue per available 
 seat mile (cents) 

10.67 

8.2 

9.86 

(0.9) 

9.95 

Operating cost per available 
 seat mile (cents) (5) 

9.76 

8.6 

8.99 

1.1 

8.89 

Average yield per revenue 
 passenger mile (cents) (6) 

13.20 

6.0 

12.45 

(2.7) 

12.79 

Average price per gallon of 
 fuel, excluding fuel taxes 
 (cents) 

86.69 

83.2 

47.31 

1.0 

46.83 

Average price per gallon of 
 fuel, including fuel taxes 
 (cents) 

91.00 

76.7 

51.51 

0.6 

51.20 

Fuel gallons consumed 
 (millions) 

1,537 

(0.3) 

1,542 

3.7 

1,487 

Average fare per revenue 
 passenger 

180.66 

10.1 

164.11 

3.9 

158.02 

Average length of aircraft 
 flight (miles) 

1,159 

4.0 

1,114 

6.7 

1,044 

Average daily utilization of 
 each aircraft (hours) (7) 

10:36 

1.1 

10:29 

2.6 

10:13 

Actual aircraft in fleet at 
 end of period (8) 

371 

2.2 

363 

- 

363 

_____________________ 
 Continental has entered into block space arrangements with certain other carriers whereby one or both of the carriers is obligated to purchase capacity on the other. The table above does not include the statistics for the capacity
that was purchased by another carrier. 

The number of scheduled miles flown by revenue passengers. 
 The number of seats available for passengers multiplied by the number of scheduled miles those seats are flown. 
 Revenue passenger miles divided by available seat miles. 
 The percentage of seats that must be occupied by revenue passengers in order for the airline to break even on an income before income taxes basis, excluding nonrecurring charges, nonoperating items and other special items. 
 1999 and 1998 exclude fleet disposition/impairment losses totaling 81 million and 122 million, respectively. 
 The average revenue received for each mile a revenue passenger is carried. 
 The average number of hours per day that an aircraft flown in revenue service is operated (from gate departure to gate arrival). 
 Excludes four all-cargo 727 aircraft at Continental Micronesia, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, in 1999. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2000, the Company had 1.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, compared to 1.6 billion as of December 31, 1999. Net cash provided by operating activities increased 128 million during
the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in operating income. Net cash used by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to the same period in the prior year
decreased 591 million, primarily as a result of the proceeds from the sale of short-term investments in 2000, partially offset by proceeds received from the sale of AMADEUS in 1999. Net cash used by financing activities increased 345 million primarily
due to an increase in payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2000, Continental had approximately 3.7 billion (including current maturities) of long-term debt and capital lease obligations, and had approximately 1.9 billion of Continental-obligated mandatorily redeemable
preferred securities of trust, redeemable common stock and common stockholders' equity, a ratio of 2.0 to 1, at December 31, 2000 and 2.1 to 1 at December 31, 1999. 
 
 In March 2000, the Company completed an offering of 743 million of pass-through certificates to be used to finance (through either leveraged leases or secured debt financings) the debt portion of the acquisition cost of 21 Boeing
aircraft. All of these aircraft were placed in service in 2000. 
 
 In November 2000, the Company completed an offering of 176 million of floating enhanced aircraft trust securities to be used to finance the debt portion of the acquisition cost of four Boeing aircraft. All of these aircraft were
placed in service by January 2001. 
 
 In November 2000, the Company completed an offering of 841 million of pass-through certificates to be used to finance (through either leveraged leases or secured debt financings) the debt portion of the acquisition cost of 23 new
Boeing aircraft scheduled for delivery from February 2001 to December 2001. 
 
 Also in November 2000, the Company completed the placement of 5,000,000 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, known as Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities. The net proceeds of the private placement totaled 242 million and
were used as part of the purchase price for approximately 6.7 million shares of Class A common stock, par value .01 per share ("Class A common stock") held by Northwest Airlines Corporation ("Northwest") and an affiliate. 
 
 Also in November 2000, the Company completed an offering of 177 million special facilities revenue bonds issued by the New Jersey Economic Development Authority. The bonds will finance the construction of a maintenance facility,
cargo facility, ground service equipment maintenance facility, terminal improvements, and other various projects related to the Company's Global Gateway expansion at Newark. 
 
 In January 2001, the Company obtained a 3-year 200 million pre-delivery payment facility to be used to finance manufacturer progress payments on 156 new Boeing aircraft. 
 
 During 2000, the Company's Board of Directors increased the size of its common stock repurchase program by the amount of cash proceeds received by the Company for the purchase of common stock by employees and other participants
under the Company's employee stock purchase and stock option plans after January 1, 2000. The program also permits the expenditure of one half of future net income (excluding special gains and charges), plus all the proceeds from the sale of
non-strategic assets, to repurchase common stock. Of the approximately 287 million available in the program as of December 31, 2000, 200 million was used as a part of the purchase price for approximately 6.7 million shares of Class A common stock held
by Northwest. 
 
 A significant amount of Continental's assets are encumbered. 
 
 Deferred Tax Assets . As of December 31, 2000, the Company had deferred tax assets aggregating 677 million, including 366 million related to net operating losses ("NOLs"), and a valuation allowance of 263 million. 
 
 Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code ("Section 382") imposes limitations on a corporation's ability to utilize NOLs if it experiences an "ownership change". In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions
increasing the ownership of certain stockholders in the stock of a corporation by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. In the event that an ownership change occurred, utilization of Continental's NOLs would be subject to an annual
limitation under Section 382 determined by multiplying the value of the Company's stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax exempt rate (which was 5.39 for December 2000). Any unused annual limitation may be carried over
to later years, and the amount of the limitation may under certain circumstances be increased by the built-in gains in assets held by the Company at the time of the change that are recognized in the five-year period after the change. Under current
conditions, if an ownership change were to occur, Continental's annual NOL utilization would be limited to approximately 174 million per year other than through the recognition of future built-in gain transactions. 
 
 In November 1998, Northwest completed its acquisition of certain equity of the Company previously held by Air Partners, L.P. and its affiliates, together with certain Class A common stock of the Company held by other investors,
totaling 8,661,224 shares of the Class A common stock. On January 22, 2001, Continental repurchased 6,685,279 shares of Continental Class A common stock from Northwest and an affiliate. In addition, each issued share of Continental Class A common stock
was reclassified into 1.32 shares of Class B common stock in a nontaxable transaction. The Company does not believe that these transactions resulted in an ownership change for purposes of Section 382. 
 
 Purchase Commitments . Continental has substantial commitments for capital expenditures, including for the acquisition of new aircraft. As of December 31, 2000, the estimated aggregate cost of the Company's firm commitments
for Boeing aircraft is approximately 4 billion. Continental currently plans to finance its new Boeing aircraft with a combination of enhanced pass through trust certificates, lease equity and other third-party financing, subject to availability and
market conditions. As of December 31, 2000, Continental had approximately 890 million in financing arranged for such Boeing deliveries. Continental also has commitments or letters of intent for backstop financing for approximately 23 of the
anticipated remaining acquisition cost of such Boeing deliveries. In addition, at December 31, 2000, Continental had firm commitments to purchase 26 spare engines related to the new Boeing aircraft for approximately 158 million, which will be
deliverable through March 2005. Further financing will be needed to satisfy the Company's capital commitments for other aircraft and aircraft-related expenditures such as engines, spare parts, simulators and related items. There can be no assurance that
sufficient financing will be available for all aircraft and other capital expenditures not covered by firm financing commitments. Deliveries of new Boeing aircraft are expected to increase aircraft rental, depreciation and interest costs while generating
cost savings in the areas of maintenance, fuel and pilot training. 
 
 As of December 31, 2000, the estimated aggregate cost of Express's firm commitments for Embraer regional jets is approximately 3 billion. Neither Express nor Continental will have any obligation to take any such firm Embraer
aircraft that are not financed by a third party and leased to Continental. 
 
 Continental expects its cash outlays for 2001 capital expenditures, exclusive of fleet plan requirements, to aggregate approximately 326 million, primarily relating to software application and automation infrastructure projects,
aircraft modifications and mandatory maintenance projects, passenger terminal facility improvements and office, maintenance, telecommunications and ground equipment. Continental's net capital expenditures during 2000 aggregated 203 million, exclusive
of fleet plan requirements. 
 
 The Company expects to fund its future capital commitments through internally generated funds together with general Company financings and aircraft financing transactions. However, there can be no assurance that sufficient
financing will be available for all aircraft and other capital expenditures not covered by firm financing commitments. 
 
 Bond Financings . Continental has entered into agreements with the City of Houston, Texas, the City of Cleveland, Ohio, the New Jersey Economic Development Authority, the Department of Transportation of the State of Hawaii,
the Regional Airports Improvement Corporation, and the Harris County (Houston) Industrial Development Corporation to provide funds for constructing, improving and modifying facilities and acquiring equipment which have been or will be leased to
Continental. In connection therewith, Continental has unconditionally guaranteed the principal and interest on certain bonds totaling approximately 1.6 billion and has entered into long-term leases with the respective authorities under which rental
payments will be sufficient to service the related bonds. The leases generally have terms ranging from 20 to 30 years. 
 
 Employees . In July 2000, the Company completed a three-year program bringing all employees to industry standard wages and also announced and began to implement a phased plan to bring employee benefits to industry standard
levels by 2003. The plan provides for increases in vacation, paid holidays, increased 401(k) Company matching contributions and additional past service retirement credit for most senior employees. 
 
 The following is a table of the Company's, Express's and CMI's principal collective bargaining agreements, and their respective amendable dates: 

Employee Group 
 
 Approximate Number 
 of Full-time 
 Equivalent Employees 

Representing 
 Union 

Contract 
 Amendable Date 

Continental Pilots 
 
 5,000 
 
 Independent Association of 
 Continental Pilots 
 ("IACP") 
 
 October 2002 

Express Pilots 
 
 1,500 
 
 IACP 
 
 October 2002 

Dispatchers 
 
 150 
 
 Transport Workers 
 Union of America 
 
 October 2003 

Continental Mechanics 
 
 3,500 
 
 International 
 Brotherhood of 
 Teamsters ("Teamsters") 
 
 January 2002 

Express Mechanics 
 
 400 
 
 Teamsters 
 
 January 2003 

CMI Mechanics 
 
 100 
 
 Teamsters 
 
 March 2001 

Continental 
 Flight Attendants 
 
 8,100 
 
 International Association of 
 Machinists and Aerospace 
 Workers ("IAM") 
 
 September 2004 

Express 
 Flight Attendants 
 
 550 
 
 IAM 
 
 December 2004 

CMI 
 Flight Attendants 
 
 350 
 
 IAM 
 
 (Negotiations for amended contract ongoing) 

CMI Fleet and 
 Passenger Service 
 Employees 
 
 450 
 
 Teamsters 
 
 March 2001 

In March 2000, CMI and the IAM began collective bargaining negotiations to amend the CMI flight attendants' contract (which became amendable in June 2000). The parties reached a tentative agreement, which was not ratified by the
flight attendants. Negotiations will resume in early 2001. The Company continues to believe that mutually acceptable agreements can be reached with such employees, although the ultimate outcome of the negotiations is unknown at this time. 
 
 The pilots are in the process of considering whether they wish to merge their independent union, IACP, into the Air Line Pilots Association, which would be subject to ratification by the Continental pilots. 
 
 The other employees of Continental, Express and CMI are not covered by collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 Management believes that the Company's costs are likely to be affected in the future by (i) higher aircraft ownership costs as new aircraft are delivered, (ii) higher wages, salaries, benefits and related costs as the
Company compensates its employees comparable to industry average, (iii) changes in the costs of materials and services (in particular, the cost of fuel, which can fluctuate significantly in response to global market conditions), (iv) changes in
distribution costs and structure, (v) changes in governmental regulations and taxes affecting air transportation and the costs charged for airport access, including new security requirements, (vi) changes in the Company's fleet and related
capacity and (vii) the Company's continuing efforts to reduce costs throughout its operations, including reduced maintenance costs for new aircraft, reduced distribution expense from using Continental's electronic ticket product, E-Ticket and the
internet for bookings, and reduced interest expense. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET 
 RISK 
 
 Market Risk Sensitive Instruments and Positions 
 
 The Company is subject to certain market risks, including commodity price risk (i.e., aircraft fuel prices), interest rate risk, foreign currency risk and price changes related to investments in equity and debt securities. The
adverse effects of potential changes in these market risks are discussed below. The sensitivity analyses presented do not consider the effects that such adverse changes may have on overall economic activity nor do they consider additional actions
management may take to mitigate the Company's exposure to such changes. Actual results may differ. See the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the Company's accounting policies and other information related to these
financial instruments. 
 
 Aircraft Fuel . The Company's results of operations are significantly impacted by changes in the price of aircraft fuel. During 2000 and 1999, aircraft fuel accounted for 15.6 and 9.7 , respectively, of the Company's
operating expenses (excluding fleet disposition/impairment losses). In order to provide short-term protection (generally three to six months) against a sharp increase in jet fuel prices, the Company from time to time enters into petroleum call options,
petroleum swap contracts and jet fuel purchase commitments. The Company's fuel hedging strategy could result in the Company not fully benefiting from certain fuel price declines. As of December 31, 2000, the Company had hedged approximately 23 of its
projected 2001 fuel requirements using petroleum call options, which represents 95 of projected first quarter fuel requirements, compared to approximately 24 of its projected 2000 fuel requirements hedged at December 31, 1999. Subsequent to December
31, 2000, the Company entered into jet fuel and heating oil call options, jet fuel swap contracts and jet fuel purchase commitments. The Company estimates that a 10 increase in the price per gallon of aircraft fuel would not have a material impact on
the fair value of the petroleum call options existing at December 31, 2000 or 1999. 
 
 Foreign Currency . The Company is exposed to the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the U.S. dollar value of foreign currency denominated operating revenue and expenses. The Company's largest exposure comes from the
Japanese yen. However, the Company attempts to mitigate the effect of certain potential foreign currency losses by entering into forward contracts that effectively enable it to sell Japanese yen expected to be received from yen-denominated net cash flows
over the next 12 months at specified exchange rates. As of December 31, 2000, the Company had entered into forward contracts to hedge approximately 75 of its 2001 projected yen-denominated net cash flows, as compared to having in place forward contracts
to hedge approximately 95 of its 2000 projected yen-denominated net cash flows at December 31, 1999. The Company estimates that at December 31, 2000, a 10 strengthening in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the yen would have increased the fair
value of the existing forward contracts by 15 million as compared to an 18 million increase in the fair value of existing forward contracts at December 31, 1999. 
 
 Interest Rates . The Company's results of operations are affected by fluctuations in interest rates (e.g., interest expense on debt and interest income earned on short-term investments). 
 
 The Company had approximately 754 million and 690 million of variable-rate debt as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The Company has mitigated its exposure on certain variable-rate debt by entering into interest rate
cap and swap agreements. The interest rate cap had notional amounts of 84 million and 106 million as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Caps outstanding at December 31, 2000 are effective through July 31, 2001. The interest rate cap limits
the amount of potential increase in the LIBOR rate component of the floating rate to a maximum of 9 over the term of the contract. The interest rate swap outstanding at December 31, 2000 had a notional amount of 176 million. The interest rate swap
effectively locks the Company into paying a fixed rate of interest on a portion of its floating rate debt securities through 2005. If average interest rates increased by 100 basis points during 2001 as compared to 2000, the Company's projected 2001
interest expense would increase by approximately 7 million. At December 31, 1999, an interest rate increase of 100 basis points during 2000 as compared to 1999 was projected to increase 2000 interest expense by approximately 6 million. The interest
rate cap does not mitigate this increase in interest expense materially given the current level of such floating rates. 
 
 As of December 31, 2000 and 1999, the fair value of 2.2 billion and 2.2 billion (carrying value) of the Company's fixed-rate debt was estimated to be 2.2 billion and 2.2 billion, respectively, based upon discounted future cash
flows using current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of instruments or market prices. Market risk, estimated as the potential increase in fair value resulting from a hypothetical 100 basis points decrease in interest rates, was approximately
 136 million and 91 million as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The fair value of the remaining fixed-rate debt at December 31, 2000 and 1999, (with a carrying value of 453 million and 248 million, respectively), was not practicable to
estimate. 
 
 If 2001 average short-term interest rates decreased by 100 basis points over 2000 average rates, the Company's projected interest income from cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments would decrease by approximately 12
million during 2001, compared to an estimated 11 million decrease during 2000 measured at December 31, 1999. 
 
 Investments in Equity Securities . The Company has a 49 equity investment in Compania Panamena de Aviacion, S.A. ("Copa") and a 28 equity investment in Gulfstream International Airlines, Inc. ("Gulfstream") which are also
subject to price risk. However, since a readily determinable market value does not exist for either Copa or Gulfstream (each is privately held), the Company is unable to quantify the amount of price risk sensitivity inherent in these investments. At
December 31, 2000 and 1999, the carrying value of the investment in Copa was 48 million and 49 million, respectively. At December 31, 2000 and 1999, the carrying value of the investment in Gulfstream was 8 million and 10 million, respectively. 

At December 31, 2000, the Company owned approximately 357,000 depository 
 certificates convertible, subject to certain restrictions, into an equivalent number of shares of the common stock of Equant, which completed an initial public offering in July 1998. As of December 31, 2000 and 1999, the estimated
fair value of these depository certificates was approximately 9 million and 40 million, respectively, based upon the publicly traded market value of Equant common stock. Since the fair value of the Company's investment in the depository certificates is
not readily determinable (i.e., the depository certificates are not traded on a securities exchange), the investment is carried at cost, which was not material as of December 31, 2000 or 1999. 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page No. 

Report of Independent Auditors 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the Three Years in the 
 Period Ended December 31, 2000 

F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the Three Years in the 
 Period Ended December 31, 2000 

F-8 

Consolidated Statements of Common Stockholders' Equity for each of the 
 Three Years in the Period Ended December 31, 2000 

F-10 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-12 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the related consolidated statements of operations, common stockholders' equity
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our
audits. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the consolidated results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, effective January 1, 1999, the Company changed its method of accounting for the sale of mileage credits to participating partners in its frequent flyer program.

ERNST YOUNG LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 January 16, 2001 
 except for Note 16, as to which 
 the date is January 22, 2001 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In millions, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 

Operating Revenue: 

Passenger 
 
 9,308 
 
 8,116 
 
 7,456 

Cargo and mail 
 
 360 
 
 303 
 
 275 

Other 
 
 231 
 
 220 
 
 196 

9,899 
 
 8,639 
 
 7,927 

Operating Expenses: 

Wages, salaries and related costs 
 
 2,845 
 
 2,510 
 
 2,218 

Aircraft fuel 
 
 1,438 
 
 771 
 
 727 

Aircraft rentals 
 
 844 
 
 771 
 
 659 

Maintenance, materials and repairs 
 
 646 
 
 603 
 
 582 

Landing fees and other rentals 
 
 532 
 
 497 
 
 414 

Commissions 
 
 526 
 
 576 
 
 583 

Reservations and sales 
 
 455 
 
 414 
 
 367 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 402 
 
 360 
 
 294 

Passenger servicing 
 
 366 
 
 352 
 
 309 

Fleet disposition/impairment losses 
 
 - 
 
 81 
 
 122 

Other 
 
 1,161 
 
 1,104 
 
 951 

9,215 
 
 8,039 
 
 7,226 

Operating Income 
 
 684 
 
 600 
 
 701 

Nonoperating Income (Expense): 

Interest expense 
 
 (251) 
 
 (233) 
 
 (178) 

Interest income 
 
 87 
 
 71 
 
 59 

Interest capitalized 
 
 57 
 
 55 
 
 55 

Gain on sale of AMADEUS 
 
 - 
 
 297 
 
 - 

Other, net 
 
 (6 
 
 8 
 
 11 

(113 
 
 198 
 
 (53 

Income before Income Taxes, Cumulative Effect of 
 Accounting Changes and Extraordinary Charge 

571 

798 

648 

Income Tax Provision 
 
 (222) 
 
 (310) 
 
 (248) 

Distributions on Preferred Securities of Trust, 
 net of applicable income taxes of 1 and 7 
 in 2000 and 1998, respectively 

(1 

- 

(13 

(continued on next page) 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In millions, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 

Income before Cumulative Effect of Accounting 
 Changes and Extraordinary Charge 

348 

488 

387 

Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes, Net of 
 Applicable Income Taxes of 19 (1) 

- 

(33) 

- 

Extraordinary Charge, net of applicable income 
 Taxes of 3 and 2 in 2000 and 1998 

(6 

- 

(4 

Net Income 
 
 342 
 
 455 
 
 383 

Earnings per Common Share: 

Income before Cumulative Effect of Accounting 
 Changes and Extraordinary Charge 

5.71 

7.02 

6.40 

Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes 
 
 - 
 
 (0.48) 
 
 - 

Extraordinary Charge 
 
 (0.09 
 
 - 
 
 (0.06 

Net Income 
 
 5.62 
 
 6.54 
 
 6.34 

Earnings per Common Share Assuming Dilution: 

Income before Cumulative Effect of Accounting 
 Changes and Extraordinary Charge 

5.54 

6.64 

5.06 

Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes 
 
 - 
 
 (0.44) 
 
 - 

Extraordinary Charge 
 
 (0.09 
 
 - 
 
 (0.04 

Net Income 
 
 5.45 
 
 6.20 
 
 5.02 

See Note 1(i) for the proforma effect of retroactive application of the accounting change. 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except for share data) 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

ASSETS 
 
 2000 
 
 1999 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 1,371 
 
 1,198 

Short-term investments 
 
 24 
 
 392 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful 
 receivables of 20 and 20, respectively 

495 

506 

Spare parts and supplies, net of allowance for 
 obsolescence of 67 and 59, respectively 

280 

236 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 137 
 
 145 

Prepayments and other 
 
 152 
 
 129 

Total current assets 
 
 2,459 
 
 2,606 

Property and Equipment: 

Owned property and equipment: 

Flight equipment 
 
 4,597 
 
 3,593 

Other 
 
 990 
 
 814 

5,587 
 
 4,407 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 
 1,025 
 
 808 

4,562 
 
 3,599 

Purchase deposits for flight equipment 
 
 404 
 
 366 

Capital leases: 

Flight equipment 
 
 226 
 
 300 

Other 
 
 138 
 
 88 

364 
 
 388 

Less: Accumulated amortization 
 
 167 
 
 180 

197 
 
 208 

Total property and equipment 
 
 5,163 
 
 4,173 

Other Assets: 

Routes, gates and slots, net of accumulated 
 amortization of 395 and 345, respectively 

1,081 

1,131 

Other assets, net 
 
 498 
 
 313 

Total other assets 
 
 1,579 
 
 1,444 

Total Assets 
 
 9,201 
 
 8,223 

(continued on next page) 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except for share data) 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 2000 
 
 1999 

Current Liabilities: 

Current maturities of long-term debt 
 and capital leases 

304 

321 

Accounts payable 
 
 1,016 
 
 856 

Air traffic liability 
 
 1,125 
 
 1,042 

Accrued payroll and pensions 
 
 297 
 
 299 

Accrued other liabilities 
 
 238 
 
 257 

Total current liabilities 
 
 2,980 
 
 2,775 

Long-Term Debt and Capital Leases 
 
 3,374 
 
 3,055 

Deferred Credits and Other Long-Term Liabilities: 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 787 
 
 590 

Other 
 
 208 
 
 210 

Total deferred credits and other long-term 
 liabilities 

995 

800 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Continental-Obligated Mandatorily Redeemable 
 Preferred Securities of Subsidiary Trust Holding 
 Solely Convertible Subordinated Debentures (1) 

242 

- 

Redeemable Common Stock 
 
 450 
 
 - 

(continued on next page) 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except for share data) 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 2000 
 
 1999 

Common Stockholders' Equity: 

Class A common stock - .01 par, 50,000,000 shares 
 authorized; 10,963,538 and 11,320,849 shares 
 issued and outstanding in 2000 and 1999, 
 respectively 

- 

- 

Class B common stock - .01 par, 200,000,000 shares 
 authorized; 64,073,431 and 63,923,431 shares 
 issued in 2000 and 1999, respectively 

1 

1 

Additional paid-in capital 
 
 379 
 
 871 

Retained earnings 
 
 1,456 
 
 1,114 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 13 
 
 (1) 

Treasury stock - 16,586,603 and 9,763,684 Class B 
 shares in 2000 and 1999, respectively, at cost 

(689 

(392 

Total common stockholders' equity 
 
 1,160 
 
 1,593 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 
 9,201 
 
 8,223 

The sole assets of the Trust are convertible subordinated debentures with an aggregate principal amount of 250 million, which bear interest at the rate of 6 per annum and mature on November 15, 2030. Upon repayment, the
Continental-Obligated Mandatorily Redeemable Preferred Securities of Subsidiary Trust will be mandatorily redeemed. 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 
 
 342 
 
 455 
 
 383 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash 
 provided by operating activities: 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 224 
 
 293 
 
 224 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 402 
 
 360 
 
 294 

Fleet disposition/impairment losses 
 
 - 
 
 81 
 
 122 

Gain on sale of AMADEUS 
 
 - 
 
 (297) 
 
 - 

Gain on sale of other investments 
 
 (9) 
 
 (29) 
 
 (6) 

Cumulative effect of accounting 
 changes 

- 

33 

- 

Other, net 
 
 (49) 
 
 (83) 
 
 (4) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in accounts receivable 
 
 6 
 
 (53) 
 
 (102) 

Increase in spare parts and supplies 
 
 (72) 
 
 (99) 
 
 (71) 

Increase in accounts payable 
 
 159 
 
 8 
 
 59 

Increase in air traffic liability 
 
 163 
 
 110 
 
 108 

Increase (decrease) in accrued payroll 
 and pensions 

(132) 

34 

107 

Other 
 
 (130 
 
 (37 
 
 (238 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 904 
 
 776 
 
 876 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase deposits paid in connection with 
 future aircraft deliveries 

(640) 

(1,174) 

(818) 

Purchase deposits refunded in connection with 
 aircraft delivered 

577 

1,139 

758 

Capital expenditures 
 
 (511) 
 
 (706) 
 
 (610) 

Sale (purchase) of short-term investments 
 
 368 
 
 (392) 
 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of AMADEUS, net 
 
 - 
 
 391 
 
 - 

Proceeds from disposition of property and 
 equipment 

135 

77 

46 

Proceeds from sale of other investments 
 
 11 
 
 35 
 
 9 

Investment in and advances to partner airlines 
 
 - 
 
 (23) 
 
 (53) 

Other 
 
 (8 
 
 (6 
 
 (30 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 (68 
 
 (659 
 
 (698 

(continued on next page) 

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net 
 
 157 
 
 453 
 
 737 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred 
 securities of trust, net 

242 

- 

- 

Purchase of Class B common stock 
 
 (450) 
 
 (528) 
 
 (223) 

Payments on long-term debt and capital 
 lease obligations 

(707) 

(295) 

(423) 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 
 92 
 
 38 
 
 56 

Proceeds from sale-leaseback transactions 
 
 3 
 
 14 
 
 71 

Dividends paid on preferred securities of trust 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (22 

Net cash (used in) provided by 
 financing activities 

(663 

(318 

196 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash 
 Equivalents 

173 

(201) 

374 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Period 
 
 1,198 
 
 1,399 
 
 1,025 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Period 
 
 1,371 
 
 1,198 
 
 1,399 

Supplement Cash Flows Information: 

Interest paid 
 
 276 
 
 221 
 
 157 

Income taxes paid 
 
 7 
 
 18 
 
 25 

Investing and Financing Activities Not 
 Affecting Cash: 

Property and equipment acquired through the 
 issuance of debt 

808 

774 

425 

Conversion of 6-3/4 Convertible 
 Subordinated Notes into Class B common 
 stock 

- 

230 

- 

Conversion of Trust Originated Preferred 
 Securities into Class B common stock 

- 

111 

134 

Capital lease obligations incurred 
 
 53 
 
 50 
 
 124 

Sale-leaseback of Beech 1900-D aircraft 
 
 - 
 
 81 
 
 - 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 (In millions) 

Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 

Retained 
 Earnings 
 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income/(Loss) 

Comprehensive 
 Income 

Treasury 
 Stock, 
 At Cost 

Balance, December 31, 1997 
 
 641 
 
 276 
 
 (2) 
 
 381 
 
 - 

Net Income 
 
 - 
 
 383 
 
 - 
 
 383 
 
 - 

Additional Minimum Pension 
 Liability, net of applicable 
 income taxes of 41 

- 

- 

(76) 

(76) 

- 

Purchase of Common Stock 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (223) 

Reissuance of Treasury Stock 
 pursuant to Stock Plans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

50 

Issuance of Common Stock 
 pursuant to Stock Plans 

19 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion of Trust Originated 
 Preferred Securities into 
 Common Stock 

(32) 

- 

- 

- 

160 

Other 
 
 6 
 
 - 
 
 (10 
 
 (10 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 1998 
 
 634 
 
 659 
 
 (88) 
 
 297 
 
 (13) 

Net Income 
 
 - 
 
 455 
 
 - 
 
 455 
 
 - 

Reduction in Additional 
 Minimum Pension Liability, 
 net of applicable income 
 taxes of 43 

- 

- 

82 

82 

- 

Purchase of Common Stock 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (528) 

Reissuance of Treasury Stock 
 pursuant to Stock Plans 

(18) 

- 

- 

- 

69 

Conversion of 6-3/4 
 Convertible Subordinated 
 Notes into Common Stock 

161 

- 

- 

- 

66 

Conversion of Trust Originated 
 Preferred Securities into 
 Common Stock 

100 

- 

- 

- 

11 

Other 
 
 (6 
 
 - 
 
 5 
 
 5 
 
 3 

Balance, December 31, 1999 
 
 871 
 
 1,114 
 
 (1) 
 
 542 
 
 (392) 

Net Income 
 
 - 
 
 342 
 
 - 
 
 342 
 
 - 

Purchase of Common Stock 
 
 (1) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (449) 

Reissuance of Treasury Stock 
 pursuant to Stock Plans 

(45) 

- 

- 

- 

137 

Reclass for Redeemable Common 
 Stock 

(450) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other 
 
 4 
 
 - 
 
 14 
 
 14 
 
 15 

Balance, December 31, 2000 
 
 379 
 
 1,456 
 
 13 
 
 356 
 
 (689 

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 NUMBER OF SHARES 
 (in thousands) 

Class A 
 Common 
 Stock 
 
 Class B 
 Common 
 Stock 

Treasury 
 Stock 

Balance, December 31, 1997 
 
 8,379 
 
 50,512 
 
 - 

Purchase of Common Stock 
 
 - 
 
 (4,453) 
 
 4,453 

Reissuance of Treasury Stock pursuant to Stock Plans 
 
 - 
 
 859 
 
 (859) 

Reissuance of Treasury Stock pursuant to Conversion 
 of Trust Originated Preferred Securities 

- 

3,182 

(3,182) 

Conversion of Class A to Class B Common Stock 
 
 (12) 
 
 12 
 
 (12) 

Issuance of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Plans 
 
 - 
 
 235 
 
 - 

Conversion of Trust Originated Preferred Securities 
 into Common Stock 

- 

2,377 

- 

Exercise of warrants 
 
 3,040 
 
 247 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 1998 
 
 11,407 
 
 52,971 
 
 400 

Purchase of Common Stock 
 
 - 
 
 (13,134) 
 
 13,134 

Reissuance of Treasury Stock pursuant to Stock Plans 
 
 - 
 
 1,854 
 
 (1,854) 

Reissuance of Treasury Stock pursuant to Conversion 
 of Class A to Class B Common Stock 

(86) 

86 

(86) 

Issuance of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Plans 
 
 - 
 
 13 
 
 - 

Conversion of 6-3/4 Convertible Subordinated 
 Notes into Common Stock 

- 

6,132 

- 

Reissuance of Treasury Stock pursuant to Conversion 
 of 6-3/4 Convertible Subordinated Notes 

- 

1,485 

(1,485) 

Conversion of Trust Originated Preferred Securities 
 into Common Stock 

- 

4,408 

- 

Reissuance of Treasury Stock pursuant to Conversion 
 of Trust Originated Preferred Securities 

- 

345 

(345 

Balance, December 31, 1999 
 
 11,321 
 
 54,160 
 
 9,764 

Purchase of Common Stock 
 
 - 
 
 (10,545) 
 
 10,545 

Reissuance of Treasury Stock pursuant to Stock Plans 
 
 - 
 
 3,365 
 
 (3,365) 

Reissuance of Treasury Stock pursuant to Conversion 
 of Class A to Class B Common Stock 

(357) 

357 

(357) 

Issuance of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Plans 
 
 - 
 
 150 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2000 
 
 10,964 
 
 47,487 
 
 16,587 

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company" or "Continental") is a major United States air carrier engaged in the business of transporting passengers, cargo and mail. Continental is the fifth largest United States airline (as
measured by 2000 revenue passenger miles) and, together with its wholly owned subsidiaries, Continental Express, Inc. ("Express"), and Continental Micronesia, Inc. ("CMI"), each a Delaware corporation, served 230 airports worldwide at January 16, 2001.
As of December 31, 2000, Continental flies to 136 domestic and 94 international destinations and offers additional connecting service through alliances with domestic and foreign carriers. Continental directly served 16 European cities, seven South
American cities, Tel Aviv and Tokyo and is one of the leading airlines providing service to Mexico and Central America, serving more destinations there than any other United States airline. Through its Guam hub, CMI provides extensive service in the
western Pacific, including service to more Japanese cities than any other United States carrier. 
 
 As used in these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the terms "Continental" and "Company" refer to Continental Airlines, Inc. and, unless the context indicates otherwise, its subsidiaries. 
 
 NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Principles of Consolidation - 
 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of Continental and its operating subsidiaries, Express and CMI. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Use of Estimates - 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents - 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term, highly liquid investments, which are readily convertible into cash and have a maturity of three months or less when purchased. 
 
 Short-Term Investments - 
 
 The Company invests in commercial paper with original maturities in excess of 90 days but less than 270 days. These investments are classified as short-term investments in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Short-term
investments are stated at cost, which approximates market value, and are classified as held-to-maturity securities. 
 
 Spare Parts and Supplies - 
 
 Inventories, expendable parts and supplies relating to flight equipment are carried at average acquisition cost and are expensed when incurred in operations. An allowance for obsolescence is provided over the remaining estimated
useful life of the related aircraft, for spare parts expected to be on hand the date the aircraft are retired from service, plus allowances for spare parts currently identified as excess. These allowances are based on management estimates, which are
subject to change. 
 
 Property and Equipment - 
 
 Property and equipment are recorded at cost and are depreciated to estimated residual values over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives and residual values for the Company's property
and equipment are as follows: 

Estimated Useful Life 
 
 Estimated Residual Value 

Jet aircraft 
 
 25 to 30 years 
 
 10-15 

Turboprop aircraft 
 
 18 years 
 
 10 

Ground property and equipment 
 
 2 to 30 years 
 
 0 

Capital lease - flight and ground 
 
 Lease Term 
 
 0 

Routes, Gates and Slots - 
 
 Routes are amortized on a straight-line basis over 40 years, gates over the stated term of the related lease and slots over 20 years. Routes, gates and slots are comprised of the following in millions: 

Balance at 
 December 31, 2000 
 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 at December 31, 2000 

Routes 
 
 711 
 
 179 

Gates 
 
 285 
 
 162 

Slots 
 
 85 
 
 54 

1,081 
 
 395 

Air Traffic Liability - 
 
 Passenger revenue is recognized when transportation is provided rather than when a ticket is sold. The amount of passenger ticket sales not yet recognized as revenue is reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as air
traffic liability. The Company performs periodic evaluations of this estimated liability, and any adjustments resulting therefrom, which can be significant, are included in results of operations for the periods in which the evaluations are completed. 
 
 Frequent Flyer Program - 
 
 Continental sponsors a frequent flyer program, "OnePass", and records an estimated liability for the incremental cost associated with providing the related free transportation at the time a free travel award is earned. The
liability is adjusted periodically based on awards earned, awards redeemed and changes in the OnePass program. 
 
 The Company also sells mileage credits in the OnePass program to participating partners, such as hotels, car rental agencies and credit card companies. During 1999, as a result of the issuance of Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
- - "Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements," the Company changed the method it uses to account for the sale of these mileage credits. This change, which totaled 27 million, net of tax, was applied retroactively to January 1, 1999. Under the new
accounting method, revenue from the sale of mileage credits is deferred and recognized when transportation is provided. Previously, the resulting revenue, net of the incremental cost of providing future air travel, was recorded in the period in which the
credits were sold. 
 
 The pro forma results, assuming the accounting change is applied retroactively, is shown below (in millions except per share data): 

1999 
 
 1998 

Income before Cumulative Effect of Accounting 
 Change and Extraordinary Charge 

488 

382 

Earnings per Common Share 
 
 7.02 
 
 6.32 

Earnings per Common Share Assuming Dilution 
 
 6.64 
 
 5.00 

Net Income 
 
 482 
 
 378 

Earnings per Common Share 
 
 6.93 
 
 6.26 

Earnings per Common Share Assuming Dilution 
 
 6.57 
 
 4.95 

Actual per share amounts are shown below for comparative purposes: 

1999 
 
 1998 

Income before Cumulative Effect of Accounting 
 Change and Extraordinary Charge 

488 

387 

Earnings per Common Share 
 
 7.02 
 
 6.40 

Earnings per Common Share Assuming Dilution 
 
 6.64 
 
 5.06 

Net Income 
 
 455 
 
 383 

Earnings per Common Share 
 
 6.54 
 
 6.34 

Earnings per Common Share Assuming Dilution 
 
 6.20 
 
 5.02 

Passenger Traffic Commissions - 
 
 Passenger traffic commissions are recognized as expense when the transportation is provided and the related revenue is recognized. The amount of passenger traffic commissions not yet recognized as expense is included in Prepayments
and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Deferred Income Taxes - 
 
 Deferred income taxes are provided under the liability method and reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. 
 
 Maintenance and Repair Costs - 
 
 Maintenance and repair costs for owned and leased flight equipment, including the overhaul of aircraft components, are charged to operating expense as incurred, except engine overhaul costs covered by power by the hour agreements,
which are accrued on the basis of hours flown. 
 
 Advertising Costs - 
 
 The Company expenses the costs of advertising as incurred. Advertising expense was 60 million, 82 million and 78 million for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. 
 
 Stock Plans and Awards - 
 
 Continental has elected to follow Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25 - "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" ("APB 25") in accounting for its employee stock options and its stock purchase plans because the alternative fair
value accounting provided for under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 - "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" ("SFAS 123") requires use of option valuation models that were not developed for use in valuing employee stock options or
purchase rights. Under APB 25, since the exercise price of the Company's employee stock options equals the market price of the underlying stock on the date of grant, generally no compensation expense is recognized. Furthermore, under APB 25, since the
stock purchase plans are considered noncompensatory plans, no compensation expense is recognized. 
 
 Measurement of Impairment - 
 
 In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of" ("SFAS 121"), the Company records impairment losses on long-lived
assets used in operations when events and circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amount of those assets. 
 
 Start-Up Costs - 
 
 Statement of Position 98-5, "Reporting on the Costs of Start-Up Activities" ("SOP 98-5"), requires start-up costs to be expensed as incurred. Continental adopted SOP 98-5 in the first quarter of 1999. This statement requires all
unamortized start up costs (e.g., pilot training costs related to induction of new aircraft) to be expensed upon adoption, resulting in a 6 million cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax, in the first quarter of 1999. 
 
 Reclassifications - 

Certain reclassifications have been made in the prior years' financial statements to conform to the current year presentation. 

NOTE 2 - EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 
 Basic earnings per common share ("EPS") excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the
potential dilution that could occur if securities or other obligations to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the Company. The following table
sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (in millions): 

2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 

Numerator: 

Income before cumulative effect of accounting changes and 
 extraordinary charge 

348 

488 

387 

Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of tax 
 
 - 
 
 (33) 
 
 - 

Extraordinary charge, net of tax 
 
 (6 
 
 - 
 
 (4 

Numerator for basic earnings per share - net income 
 
 342 
 
 455 
 
 383 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Preferred Securities of Trust 
 
 1 
 
 - 
 
 11 

6-3/4 Convertible Subordinated Notes 
 
 - 
 
 4 
 
 9 

1 
 
 4 
 
 20 

Numerator for diluted earnings per share - net income after 
 assumed conversions 

343 

459 

403 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic earnings per share - weighted- 
 average shares 

60.7 

69.5 

60.3 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Employee stock options 
 
 1.1 
 
 1.4 
 
 1.7 

Preferred Securities of Trust 
 
 0.6 
 
 0.1 
 
 9.8 

Potentially Dilutive Shares (Northwest Repurchase) 
 
 0.4 
 
 - 
 
 - 

6-3/4 Convertible Subordinated Notes 
 
 - 
 
 2.9 
 
 7.6 

Warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 0.9 

Dilutive potential common shares 
 
 2.1 
 
 4.4 
 
 20.0 

Denominator for diluted earnings per share - adjusted 
 weighted - average and assumed conversions 

62.8 

73.9 

80.3 

Approximately 1.1 million in 2000, 1.1 million in 1999 and 1.4 million in 1998 of weighted average options to purchase shares of the Company's Class B common stock, par value .01 per share ("Class B common stock"), were not
included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the options' exercise price was greater than the average market price of the common shares and, therefore, the effect would have been antidilutive. 
 NOTE 3 - LONG-TERM DEBT 
 
 Long-term debt as of December 31 is summarized as follows (in millions): 

2000 
 
 1999 

Secured 

Notes payable, interest rates of 5.00 to 8.50 , payable 
 through 2019 

2,325 

1,817 

Floating rate notes, interest rates of LIBOR plus 0.49 to 
 1.0 , Eurodollar plus 0.87 or Commercial Paper plus 
 0.40 to 0.60 , payable through 2012 

532 

241 

Credit facility, floating interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.0 , 
 payable through 2002 

150 

215 

Floating rate note, interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.25 , 
 payable through 2004 

72 

74 

Notes payable, interest rates of 8.49 to 9.46 , payable 
 through 2008 

39 

51 

Revolving credit facility totaling 160 million, floating interest 
 rate of LIBOR plus 1.375 , payable through 2001 

- 

160 

Unsecured 

Senior notes payable, interest rate of 8.0 , payable through 
 2005 

200 

200 

Notes payable, interest rate of 8.125 , payable through 2008 
 
 110 
 
 110 

Senior notes payable, interest rate of 9.5 , payable through 
 2001 

- 

242 

Other 
 
 14 
 
 23 

3,442 
 
 3,133 

Less: current maturities 
 
 272 
 
 278 

Total 
 
 3,170 
 
 2,855 

At December 31, 2000 and 1999, both the LIBOR and Eurodollar rates associated with Continental's indebtedness approximated 6.4 and 6.0 , respectively. The Commercial Paper rate was 6.5 and 6.1 as of December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively. 
 
 A majority of Continental's property and equipment is subject to agreements securing indebtedness of Continental. 
 
 The Company has certain debt and credit facility agreements, which contain financial covenants restricting CMI's incurrence of certain indebtedness and pledge or sale of assets. In addition, the credit facility contains certain
financial covenants applicable to Continental and prohibits Continental from granting a security interest on certain of its international route authorities and its stock in Air Micronesia, Inc., CMI's parent company. 
 
 At December 31, 2000, under the most restrictive provisions of the Company's debt and credit facility agreements, the Company had a minimum cash balance requirement of 600 million, a minimum net worth requirement of 898 million
and was restricted from paying cash dividends in excess of 904 million. 
 
 On April 15, 1999, the Company exercised its right and called for redemption on May 25, 1999, all 230 million of its 6-3/4 Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2006. The notes were converted into approximately 7.6 million shares
of Class B common stock during May 1999. 
 
 Maturities of long-term debt due over the next five years are as follows (in millions): 

Year ending December 31, 

2001 
 
 272 

2002 
 
 305 

2003 
 
 211 

2004 
 
 277 

2005 
 
 537 

NOTE 4 - LEASES 
 
 Continental leases certain aircraft and other assets under long-term lease arrangements. Other leased assets include real property, airport and terminal facilities, sales offices, maintenance facilities, training centers and
general offices. Most leases also include both renewal options and purchase options. 

At December 31, 2000, the scheduled future minimum lease payments under capital leases and the scheduled future minimum lease rental payments required under aircraft and engine operating leases, that have initial or remaining
noncancellable lease terms in excess of one year, are as follows (in millions): 

Capital Leases 
 
 Operating Leases 

Year ending December 31, 

2001 
 
 47 
 
 859 

2002 
 
 47 
 
 814 

2003 
 
 31 
 
 766 

2004 
 
 28 
 
 709 

2005 
 
 29 
 
 688 

Later years 
 
 180 
 
 6,387 

Total minimum lease payments 
 
 362 
 
 10,223 

Less: amount representing interest 
 
 126 

Present value of capital leases 
 
 236 

Less: current maturities of capital leases 
 
 32 

Long-term capital leases 
 
 204 

Not included in the above operating lease table is approximately 567 million of annual average minimum lease payments for each of the next five years relating to non-aircraft leases, principally airport and terminal facilities and
related equipment. 
 
 Continental is the guarantor of approximately 1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of tax-exempt special facilities revenue bonds and interest thereon. These bonds, issued by various airport municipalities, are payable solely
from rentals paid by Continental under long-term agreements with the respective governing bodies. 
 
 At December 31, 2000, the Company, including Express, had 386 and 12 aircraft under operating and capital leases, respectively. These leases have remaining lease terms ranging from one month to 23 years. 
 
 The Company's total rental expense for all operating leases, net of sublease rentals, was 1.2 billion, 1.1 billion and 922 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 5 - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 As part of the Company's risk management program, Continental uses or has used a variety of financial instruments, including petroleum call options, petroleum swap contracts, jet fuel purchase commitments, foreign currency average
rate options, foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate cap and swap agreements. The Company does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 
 Effective October 1, 1998, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 - "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" ("SFAS 133") and accordingly recognizes all derivatives on the
balance sheet at fair value. 
 
 Notional Amounts and Credit Exposure of Derivatives 
 
 The notional amounts of derivative financial instruments summarized below do not represent amounts exchanged between parties and, therefore, are not a measure of the Company's exposure resulting from its use of derivatives. The
amounts exchanged are calculated based upon the notional amounts as well as other terms of the instruments, which relate to interest rates, exchange rates or other indices. 
 
 Fuel Price Risk Management 
 
 The Company uses a combination of petroleum call options, petroleum swap contracts, and jet fuel purchase commitments to provide some short-term protection against a sharp increase in jet fuel prices. These instruments
generally cover up to 100 of the Company's forecasted jet fuel needs for three to six months. 
 
 The Company accounts for the call options and swap contracts as cash flow hedges. In accordance with SFAS 133, such financial instruments are recorded at fair value with the offset to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss),
net of applicable income taxes and hedge ineffectiveness, and recognized as a component of fuel expense when the underlying fuel being hedged is used. The ineffective portion of these call options and swap agreements is determined based on the
correlation between West Texas Intermediate Crude Oil prices and jet fuel prices as well as the change in the time value of the options. Hedge ineffectiveness is included in fuel expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and was
not material for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998. For the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, the Company recognized approximately 44 million and 15 million, respectively, of net losses related to the portion of the hedging
instrument excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness (primarily time value). These losses are also included in fuel expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 The Company had petroleum call options outstanding with an aggregate notional amount of approximately 329 million and 310 million at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The fair value of these hedges was not material. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk Management 
 
 The Company uses a combination of foreign currency average rate options and forward contracts to hedge against the currency risk associated with its forecasted Japanese yen-denominated net cash flows for the following nine to
twelve months. The average rate options and forward contracts have only nominal intrinsic value at the time of purchase. 
 
 The Company accounts for these instruments as cash flow hedges. In accordance with SFAS 133, such financial instruments are recorded at fair value with the offset to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of applicable
income taxes and hedge ineffectiveness, and recognized as a component of other revenue when the underlying net cash flows are realized. The Company measures hedge effectiveness of average rate options and forward contracts based on the forward price of
the underlying currency. Hedge ineffectiveness was not material during 2000, 1999 or 1998. 
 
 At December 31, 2000, the Company had yen forward contracts outstanding with an aggregate notional amount of 188 million and an unrealized gain of 22 million. The notional amount of the Company's yen forward contracts
outstanding at December 31, 1999 was 197 million with an unrealized loss of 5 million. Unrealized gains (losses) are recorded in other current assets (liabilities) with the offset to other accumulated comprehensive income, net of applicable income
taxes and hedge ineffectiveness. The unrealized loss at December 31, 2000 will be recognized in earnings within the next twelve months. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 
 The Company entered into interest rate cap and interest rate swap agreements to reduce the impact of potential increases on floating rate debt. The interest rate cap had a notional amount of 84 million and 106 million as of
December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, and is effective through July 31, 2001. The interest rate swap, which was entered into during 2000, had a notional amount of 176 million at December 31, 2000. The Company accounts for the interest rate cap and
swap as cash flow hedges whereby the fair value of the interest rate cap and swap is reflected in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet with the offset, net of income taxes and any hedge ineffectiveness (which is not material),
recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The fair value of the interest rate cap and swap was not material as of December 31, 2000 or 1999. Amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income are amortized as an adjustment to
interest expense over the term of the related hedge. Such amounts were not material during 2000, 1999 or 1998. 
 
 Other Financial Instruments 

Cash equivalents - 
 
 Cash equivalents are carried at cost and consist primarily of commercial paper with original maturities of three months or less and approximate fair value due to their short maturity. 
 
 Short-term Investments - 
 
 Short-term investments consist primarily of commercial paper with original maturities in excess of 90 days but less than 270 days and approximate fair value due to their short maturity. The Company classifies these investments as
held-to-maturity securities. 
 
 Investment in Equity Securities - 
 
 Continental's investment in America West Holdings Corporation ("America West Holdings") was classified as an available-for-sale security and was carried at an aggregate market value of approximately 3 million at December 31, 1999. In
December 2000, the Company sold its investment in America West Holdings and a right of first refusal, resulting in a gain of 9 million. 
 
 In May 1998, the Company acquired a 49 interest in Compania Panamena de Aviacion, S.A. ("Copa") for 53 million. The investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. As of December 31, 2000 and 1999, the excess of
the amount at which the investment is carried and the amount of underlying equity in the net assets was 41 million and 40 million, respectively. This difference is treated as goodwill and is being amortized over 40 years. 
 
 On October 20, 1999, Continental sold its interest in AMADEUS Global Travel Distribution, S.A. ("AMADEUS") for 409 million, including a special dividend. The sale, which occurred as part of AMADEUS's initial public offering, resulted
in a gain of approximately 297 million. 
 
 At both December 31, 2000 and 1999, the Company owned approximately 357,000 depository certificates convertible, subject to certain restrictions, into the common stock of Equant N.V. ("Equant"), which completed an initial public
offering in July 1998. As of December 31, 2000 and 1999, the estimated fair value of these depository certificates was approximately 9 million and 40 million, respectively, based upon the publicly traded market value of Equant common stock. Since the
fair value of the Company's investment in the depository certificates is not readily determinable (i.e., the depository certificates are not traded on a securities exchange), the investment is carried at cost, which was not material as of December 31,
2000 or 1999. 
 
 In December 1999, the Company acquired a 28 interest in Gulfstream International Airlines, Inc. ("Gulfstream"). The investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. At December 31, 2000 and 1999, the carrying value
of the investment in Gulfstream was 8 million and 10 million, respectively. The Company has also guaranteed approximately 25 million of debt for Gulfstream as of December 31, 2000. 
 
 In 1999, Continental received 1,500,000 warrants to purchase common stock of priceline.com, Inc. at an exercise price of 59.93 per share (the "Warrants"). In the fourth quarter of 1999, the Company sold the Warrants for 18 million,
resulting in a loss of approximately 4 million. 

Debt - 

The fair value of the Company's debt with a carrying value of 2.9 billion and 2.8 billion at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, estimated based on the discounted amount of future cash flows using the current incremental rate
of borrowing for a similar liability or market prices, approximated 2.7 billion and 2.5 billion, respectively. 
 
 The fair value of the remaining debt (with a carrying value of 567 million and 383 million at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively), was not practicable to estimate. 

Preferred Securities of Trust - 
 
 As of December 31, 2000, the fair value of the Company's 5,000,000 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities ("TIDES"), with a carrying value of 242 million, estimated based on market quotes,
approximated 259 million. 
 
 Warrants - 
 
 The Company is the holder of warrants in a number of start-up eCommerce companies focused on various segments of the travel distribution network. The warrants are recorded at fair value with the offset recorded to non-operating
income. The fair value of these warrants was not material at December 31, 2000 or 1999. 
 
 Other - 

The Company has a compensation plan for certain employees that provides a cash benefit that is indexed to the appreciation in fair value of a number of underlying equity securities of eCommerce businesses. The benefit formula meets
the definition of a derivative, and is accordingly accounted for at fair value, with the offset recorded to non-operating expense. The fair value of the derivative was not material at December 31, 2000. 

Credit Exposure of Financial Instruments 
 
 The Company is exposed to credit losses in the event of non-performance by issuers of financial instruments. To manage credit risks, the Company selects issuers based on credit ratings, limits its exposure to a single issuer
under defined Company guidelines, and monitors the market position with each counterparty. 
 
 NOTE 6 - PREFERRED SECURITIES OF TRUST 
 
 In November 2000, Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, a Delaware statutory business trust (the "Trust") with respect to which the Company owns all of the common trust securities, completed a private placement of 5,000,000 6 
Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities. The TIDES have a liquidation value of 50 per preferred security and are convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of Class B common stock at a conversion
rate of 60 per share of Class B common stock (equivalent to approximately 0.8333 share of Class B common stock for each preferred security). Distributions on the preferred securities are payable by the Trust at an annual rate of 6 of the liquidation
value of 50 per preferred security and are included in Distributions on Preferred Securities of Trust in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. The proceeds of the private placement, which totaled 242 million (net of 8 million of
underwriting commissions and expense) are included in Continental-Obligated Mandatorily Redeemable Preferred Securities of Subsidiary Trust Holding Solely Convertible Subordinated Debentures in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The sole assets of the trust are 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures ("Convertible Subordinated Debentures") with an aggregate principal amount of 250 million issued by the Company and which mature on November 15, 2030.
The Convertible Subordinated Debentures are redeemable by Continental, in whole or in part, on or after November 20, 2003 at designated redemption prices. If Continental redeems the Convertible Subordinated Debentures, the Trust must redeem the TIDES on
a pro rata basis having an aggregate liquidation value equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Subordinated Debentures redeemed. Otherwise, the TIDES will be redeemed upon maturity of the Convertible Subordinated Debentures, unless
previously converted. 
 
 Taking into consideration the Company's obligations under (i) the Preferred Securities Guarantee relating to the TIDES, (ii) the Indenture relating to the Convertible Subordinated Debentures to pay all debt and obligations and all
costs and expenses of the Trust (other than U.S. withholding taxes) and (iii) the Indenture, the Declaration relating to the TIDES and the Convertible Subordinated Debentures, Continental has fully and unconditionally guaranteed payment of (i) the
distributions on the TIDES, (ii) the amount payable upon redemption of the TIDES, and (iii) the liquidation amount of the TIDES. 
 
 The Convertible Subordinated Debentures and related income statement effects are eliminated in the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Continental Airlines Finance Trust, a Delaware statutory business trust with respect to which the Company owned all of the common trust securities, had 2,298,327 8-1/2 Convertible Trust Originated Preferred Securities ("TOPrS")
outstanding at December 31, 1998. In November 1998, the Company exercised its right and called for redemption approximately half of its outstanding TOPrS. The TOPrS were convertible into shares of Class B common stock at a conversion price of 24.18 per
share of Class B common stock. As a result of the call for redemption, 2,688,173 TOPrS were converted into 5,558,649 shares of Class B common stock. In December 1998, the Company called for redemption the remaining outstanding TOPrS. As a result of the
second call, the remaining 2,298,327 TOPrS were converted into 4,752,522 shares of Class B common stock during January 1999. 
 
 Distributions on the preferred securities were payable by Continental Airlines Finance Trust at the annual rate of 8-1/2 of the liquidation value of 50 per preferred security and are included in Distributions on Preferred
Securities of Trust in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 NOTE 7 - REDEEMABLE COMMON, PREFERRED, COMMON AND TREASURY STOCK 
 
 Redeemable Common Stock 
 
 On November 15, 2000, the Company entered into a number of agreements with Northwest Airlines Corporation ("Northwest") and some of its affiliates under which the Company would, among other things, repurchase approximately 6.7
million shares of Class A common stock, par value .01 per share ("Class A common stock"), of Continental owned by Northwest for 450 million. As a result of the Company's commitment to repurchase these Class A shares, such amounts are included in
Redeemable Common Stock in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2000. See Note 16. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Continental has 10 million shares of authorized preferred stock, none of which was outstanding as of December 31, 2000 or 1999. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Continental has two classes of common stock issued and outstanding, Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to 10 votes per share and each share of Class B common stock is
entitled to one vote per share. In addition, Continental has authorized 50 million shares of Class D common stock, par value .01 per share, none of which is outstanding. See Note 16. 
 
 The Company's Certificate of Incorporation permits shares of the Company's Class A common stock to be converted into an equal number of shares of Class B common stock. During 2000 and 1999, 357,311 and 85,883 shares of the
Company's Class A common stock, respectively, were so converted. See Note 16. 
 
 Treasury Stock 
 
 Continental began a stock repurchase program in 1998 under which it repurchased a total of 28.1 million shares of Class B common stock for a total of approximately 1.2 billion through December 31, 2000. Of the approximately 287
million available in the program as of December 31, 2000, 200 million will be used as part of the purchase price of 6,685,279 shares of Class A common stock held by Northwest. See Note 16. The Company plans to use the remaining balance in the program,
along with (i) one-half of future net income (excluding special gains and charges), (ii) all the proceeds from the sale of non-strategic assets and (iii) the amount of cash proceeds received by the Company for the purchase of common stock by employees and
other participants under its employee stock purchase and stock option plans to continue to repurchase its common stock in the future. 
 
 Stockholder Rights Plan 
 
 Effective November 20, 1998, the Company adopted a stockholder rights plan (the "Rights Plan") in connection with the disposition by Air Partners, L.P. ("Air Partners") of its interest in the Company to Northwest. 
 
 The rights become exercisable upon the earlier of (i) the tenth day following a public announcement or public disclosure of facts indicating that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons has acquired beneficial
ownership of 15 (20 in the case of an Institutional Investor) or more of the total number of votes entitled to be cast generally by the holders of the common stock of the Company then outstanding, voting together as a single class (such person or group
being an "Acquiring Person"), or (ii) the tenth business day (or such later date as may be determined by action of the Board of Directors prior to such time as any person becomes an Acquiring Person) following the commencement of, or announcement of an
intention to make, a tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in any person becoming an Acquiring Person. Certain persons and entities related to the Company, Air Partners or Northwest at the time the Rights Plan was adopted
are exempt from the definition of "Acquiring Person." 
 
 The rights will expire on November 20, 2008 unless extended or unless the rights are earlier redeemed or exchanged by the Company. 
 
 Subject to certain adjustments, if any person becomes an Acquiring Person, each holder of a right, other than rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person and its affiliates and associates (which rights will thereafter be
void), will thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise thereof, that number of shares of Class B common stock having a market value of two times the exercise price 200, subject to adjustment) of the right. 
 
 If at any time after a person becomes an Acquiring Person, (i) the Company merges into any other person, (ii) any person merges into the Company and all of the outstanding common stock does not remain outstanding after such merger,
or (iii) the Company sells 50 or more of its consolidated assets or earning power, each holder of a right (other than the Acquiring Person and its affiliates and associates) will have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof, that number of shares
of common stock of the acquiring corporation (including the Company as successor thereto or as the surviving corporation) which at the time of such transaction will have a market value of two times the exercise price of the right. 
 
 At any time after any person becomes an Acquiring Person, and prior to the acquisition by any person or group of a majority of the Company's voting power, the Board of Directors may exchange the rights (other than rights owned by
such Acquiring Person which have become void), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one share of Class B common stock per right (subject to adjustment). 
 
 At any time prior to any person becoming an Acquiring Person, the Board of Directors may redeem the rights at a price of .001 per right. The Rights Plan may be amended by the Board of Directors without the consent of the holders
of the rights, except that from and after such time as any person becomes an Acquiring Person no such amendment may adversely affect the interests of the holders of the rights (other than the Acquiring Person and its affiliates and associates). Until a
right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends. See Note 16. 
 
 NOTE 8 - STOCK PLANS AND AWARDS 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 On May 23, 2000, the stockholders of the Company approved the Continental Airlines, Inc. Incentive Plan 2000 (the "2000 Incentive Plan"). The 2000 Incentive Plan provides that the Company may grant awards (options, restricted
stock awards, performance awards or incentive awards) to non-employee directors of the Company or employees of the Company or its subsidiaries. Subject to adjustment as provided in the 2000 Incentive Plan, the aggregate number of shares of Class B common
stock that may be issued under the 2000 Incentive Plan may not exceed 3,000,000 shares, which may be originally issued or treasury shares or a combination thereof. 
 
 The stockholders of the Company have approved the Company's 1998 Stock Incentive Plan, 1997 Stock Incentive Plan and 1994 Incentive Equity Plan (collectively, the "Plans") under which the Company may issue shares of restricted
Class B common stock or grant options to purchase shares of Class B common stock to non-employee directors and employees of the Company or its subsidiaries. Subject to adjustment as provided in the Plans, the aggregate number of shares of Class B common
stock that may be issued may not exceed 16,500,000 shares, which may be originally issued or treasury shares or a combination thereof. Options granted under the Plans are awarded with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the stock on the
date of grant. The total shares remaining available for grant under the 2000 Incentive Plan and the Plans at December 31, 2000 was 2.5 million. No options may be awarded under the 1994 Incentive Equity Plan after December 31, 1999. Stock options
granted under the Plans generally vest over a period of three to four years and have a term of five years. 
 
 Under the terms of the Plans, a change of control would result in all outstanding options under these plans becoming exercisable in full and restrictions on restricted shares being terminated. 
 
 The table below summarizes stock option transactions pursuant to the Company's 2000 Incentive Plan and the Plans (share data in thousands): 

2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 

Options 
 
 Weighted- 
 Average 
 Exercise Price 

Options 
 
 Weighted- 
 Average 
 Exercise Price 

Options 
 
 Weighted- 
 Average 
 Exercise Price 

Outstanding at 
 Beginning of 
 Year 

9,005 

32.69 

9,683 

30.31 

5,998 

22.62 

Granted 
 
 1,514 
 
 42.20 
 
 1,055 
 
 33.38 
 
 6,504 
 
 43.75 

Exercised 
 
 (2,885) 
 
 25.65 
 
 (1,464) 
 
 16.54 
 
 (807) 
 
 19.53 

Cancelled 
 
 (166 
 
 34.35 
 
 (269 
 
 37.41 
 
 (2,012 
 
 55.18 

Outstanding at 
 End of Year 

7,468 

37.30 

9,005 

32.69 

9,683 

30.31 

Options exer- 
 cisable at end 
 of year 

3,318 

35.47 

4,845 

29.13 

5,174 

23.56 

The following tables summarize the range of exercise prices and the weighted average remaining contractual life of the options outstanding and the range of exercise prices for the options exercisable at December 31, 2000 (share
data in thousands): 
 
 Options Outstanding 

Range of 
 Exercise Prices 

Outstanding 
 
 Weighted 
 Average Remaining 
 Contractual Life 

Weighted Average 
 Exercise Price 

4.56- 29.19 
 
 1,722 
 
 2.18 
 
 27.55 

29.25- 32.13 
 
 853 
 
 2.81 
 
 31.77 

32.25- 35.00 
 
 2,272 
 
 2.96 
 
 34.96 

35.13- 43.31 
 
 1,501 
 
 4.47 
 
 41.72 

43.50- 56.81 
 
 1,120 
 
 3.05 
 
 55.36 

4.56- 56.81 
 
 7,468 
 
 3.08 
 
 37.30 

Options Exercisable 

Range of 
 Exercise Prices 

Exercisable 
 
 Weighted Average 
 Exercise Price 

4.56- 29.19 
 
 1,197 
 
 26.83 

29.25- 32.13 
 
 290 
 
 31.11 

32.25- 35.00 
 
 1,140 
 
 34.97 

35.13- 43.31 
 
 103 
 
 40.64 

43.50- 56.81 
 
 588 
 
 55.28 

4.56- 56.81 
 
 3,318 
 
 35.47 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 All employees of the Company are eligible to participate in the Company's stock purchase program under which they may purchase shares of Class B common stock of the Company at 85 of the lower of the fair market value on the first
day of the option period or the last day of the option period. During 2000 and 1999, 481,950 and 526,729 shares, respectively, of Class B common stock were issued at prices ranging from 27.73 to 38.30 in 2000 and 27.84 to 49.41 in 1999. During 1998,
305,978 shares of Class B common stock were issued at prices ranging from 29.33 to 49.41. 
 
 Pro Forma SFAS 123 Results 
 
 Pro forma information regarding net income and earnings per share has been determined as if the Company had accounted for its employee stock options and purchase rights under the fair value method of SFAS 123. The fair value for
these options was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions for 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively: risk-free interest rates of 6.5 , 4.9 and 4.9 , dividend yields of 0 ;
volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company's Class B common stock of 47 for 2000, 43 for 1999 and 40 for 1998, and a weighted-average expected life of the option of 3.6 years, 3.1 years and 3.0 years. The weighted average grant
date fair value of the stock options granted in 2000, 1999 and 1998 was 17.37, 11.13 and 13.84 per option, respectively. 
 
 The fair value of the purchase rights under the stock purchase plans was also estimated using the Black-Scholes model with the following weighted-average assumptions for 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively: risk free interest rates
of 5.9 , 4.7 and 4.7 ; dividend yields of 0 , expected volatility of 47 for 2000, 43 for 1999 and 40 for 1998; and an expected life of .25 years for each of 2000, 1999 and 1998. The weighted-average fair value of the purchase rights granted in 2000,
1999 and 1998 was 10.18, 7.72 and 9.10, respectively. 
 
 The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options, which have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input
of highly subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company's employee stock options and purchase rights have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the
subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management's opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options and purchase rights. 
 
 Assuming that the Company had accounted for its employee stock options and purchase rights using the fair value method and amortized the resulting amount to expense over the options' vesting periods, net income would have been
reduced by 20 million, 24 million and 18 million for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Basic EPS would have been reduced by 33 cents, 35 cents and 30 cents for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively, and diluted EPS would have been reduced by 32 cents, 33 cents and 23 cents for the same periods, respectively. The pro forma effect on net income is not representative of the pro forma effects on net income in future years because it did
not take into consideration pro forma compensation expense related to grants made prior to 1995. 
 
 NOTE 9 - ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) 
 
 The components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are as follows (in millions): 

Minimum 
 Pension 
 Liability 

Unrealized 
 Gain/(Loss) 
 on Investments 
 
 Unrealized 
 Gain/(Loss) on 
 Derivative 
 Instruments 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 1997 
 
 (6) 
 
 4 
 
 - 
 
 (2) 

Current year net change in 
 accumulated other compre- 
 hensive income (loss) 

(76 

(4 

(6 

(86 

Balance at December 31, 1998 
 
 (82) 
 
 - 
 
 (6) 
 
 (88) 

Current year net change in 
 accumulated other compre- 
 hensive income (loss) 

82 

1 

4 

87 

Balance at December 31, 1999 
 
 - 
 
 1 
 
 (2) 
 
 (1) 

Current year net change in 
 accumulated other compre- 
 hensive income (loss) 

- 

(1 

15 

14 

Balance at December 31, 2000 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 13 
 
 13 

NOTE 10 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
 
 The Company has noncontributory defined benefit pension and defined contribution (including 401(k) savings) plans. Substantially all domestic employees of the Company are covered by one or more of these plans. The benefits under
the active defined benefit pension plan are based on years of service and an employee's final average compensation. For the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, total expense for the defined contribution plan was 17 million, 14 million and 8
million, respectively. 
 
 The following table sets forth the defined benefit pension plans' change in projected benefit obligation for 2000 and 1999: 

2000 
 
 1999 

(in millions) 

Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year 
 
 1,300 
 
 1,230 

Service cost 
 
 93 
 
 66 

Interest cost 
 
 113 
 
 90 

Plan amendments 
 
 54 
 
 54 

Actuarial (gains) losses 
 
 (16) 
 
 (47) 

Benefits paid 
 
 (56 
 
 (93 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 
 
 1,488 
 
 1,300 

The following table sets forth the defined benefit pension plans' change in the fair value of plan assets for 2000 and 1999: 

2000 
 
 1999 

(in millions) 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
 
 1,013 
 
 781 

Actual return on plan assets 
 
 (33) 
 
 138 

Employer contributions 
 
 282 
 
 187 

Benefits paid 
 
 (56 
 
 (93 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
 
 1,206 
 
 1,013 

Pension cost recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets is computed as follows: 

2000 
 
 1999 

(in millions) 

Funded status of the plans - net underfunded 
 
 (282) 
 
 (287) 

Unrecognized net actuarial loss 
 
 270 
 
 152 

Unrecognized prior service cost 
 
 178 
 
 143 

Net amount recognized 
 
 166 
 
 8 

Prepaid benefit cost 
 
 184 
 
 12 

Accrued benefit liability 
 
 (27) 
 
 (78) 

Intangible asset 
 
 9 
 
 74 

Net amount recognized 
 
 166 
 
 8 

Net periodic defined benefit pension cost for 2000, 1999 and 1998 included the following components: 

2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 

(in millions) 

Service cost 
 
 93 
 
 66 
 
 55 

Interest cost 
 
 113 
 
 90 
 
 69 

Expected return on plan assets 
 
 (103) 
 
 (84) 
 
 (64) 

Amortization of prior service cost 
 
 18 
 
 13 
 
 6 

Amortization of unrecognized net actuarial loss 
 
 3 
 
 13 
 
 4 

Net periodic benefit cost 
 
 124 
 
 98 
 
 70 

The following actuarial assumptions were used to determine the actuarial present value of the Company's projected benefit obligation: 

2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 

(in millions) 

Weighted average assumed discount rate 
 
 8.00 
 
 8.25 
 
 7.00 

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 
 9.50 
 
 9.50 
 
 9.50 

Weighted average rate of compensation increase 
 
 4.98 -5.27 
 
 4.98 -5.27 
 
 5.30 

The projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets for the pension plans with projected benefit obligations and accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were 39
million, 26 million and 0, respectively, as of December 31, 2000, and 1.3 billion, 1.1 billion and 1.0 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 1999. 
 
 During 1999 and 1998, the Company amended its benefit plan as a result of changes in benefits pursuant to new collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 Plan assets consist primarily of equity securities, long-term debt securities and short-term investments. 
 
 Continental's policy is to fund the noncontributory defined benefit pension plans in accordance with Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") requirements as modified, to the extent applicable, by agreements with the IRS. 
 
 The Company also has a profit sharing program under which an award pool consisting of 15 of the Company's annual pre-tax earnings, subject to certain adjustments, is distributed each year to substantially all employees (other than
employees whose collective bargaining agreement provides otherwise or who otherwise receive profit sharing payments as required by local law) on a pro rata basis according to base salary. The profit sharing expense included in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 was 66 million, 62 million and 86 million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 11 - INCOME TAXES 
 
 The reconciliations of income tax computed at the United States federal statutory tax rates to income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 are as follows (in millions): 

Amount 
 
 Percentage 

2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 
 
 2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 

Income tax provision at United 
 States statutory rates 

199 

279 

227 

35.0 

35.0 

35.0 

State income tax provision 
 (net of federal benefit) 

10 

12 

10 

1.8 

1.5 

1.5 

Meals and entertainment 
 disallowance 

10 

11 

10 

1.8 

1.3 

1.5 

Other 
 
 3 
 
 8 
 
 1 
 
 0.3 
 
 1.1 
 
 0.3 

Income tax provision, net 
 
 222 
 
 310 
 
 248 
 
 38.9 
 
 38.9 
 
 38.3 

The significant component of the provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 was a deferred tax provision of 224 million, 293 million and 231 million, respectively. The provision for income
taxes for each of the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 also reflects a current tax provision (benefit) in the amount of (2) million, 17 million and 17 million, respectively, as the Company is in an alternative minimum tax position for
federal income tax purposes and pays current state and foreign income tax. 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the related amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant
components of the Company's deferred tax liabilities and assets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 are as follows (in millions): 

2000 
 
 1999 

Spare parts and supplies, fixed assets and intangibles 
 
 812 
 
 590 

Deferred gain 
 
 67 
 
 61 

Capital and safe harbor lease activity 
 
 90 
 
 73 

Other, net 
 
 95 
 
 69 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 
 
 1,064 
 
 793 

Accrued liabilities 
 
 (223) 
 
 (254) 

Net operating loss carryforwards 
 
 (366) 
 
 (266) 

Investment tax credit carryforwards 
 
 (45) 
 
 (45) 

Minimum tax credit carryforward 
 
 (43 
 
 (46 

Gross deferred tax assets 
 
 (677 
 
 (611 

Valuation allowance 
 
 263 
 
 263 

Net deferred tax liability 
 
 650 
 
 445 

Less: current deferred tax asset 
 
 (137 
 
 (145 

Non-current deferred tax liability 
 
 787 
 
 590 

At December 31, 2000, the Company had estimated tax net operating losses ("NOLs") of 1 billion for federal income tax purposes that will expire through 2021 and federal investment tax credit carryforwards of 45 million that will
expire through 2001. Due to an ownership change of the Company on April 27, 1993, the ultimate utilization of the Company's NOLs and investment tax credits may be limited. Reflecting this limitation, the Company had a valuation allowance of 263 million
at December 31, 2000 and 1999. 
 
 The Company has consummated several transactions, which resulted in the recognition of NOLs of the Company's predecessor. To the extent the Company were to determine in the future that additional NOLs of the Company's predecessor
could be recognized in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, such benefit would reduce the value ascribed to routes, gates and slots. 
 
 NOTE 12 - ACCRUALS FOR AIRCRAFT RETIREMENTS AND EXCESS FACILITIES 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 1999, the Company made the decision to accelerate the retirement of six DC-10-30 aircraft and other items in 1999 and the first half of 2000 and to dispose of related excess inventory. In addition, the
market value of certain Boeing 747 aircraft no longer operated by the Company had declined. As a result of these items and certain other fleet-related items, the Company recorded a fleet disposition/impairment loss of 81 million in the fourth quarter of
1999. Approximately 52 million of the 81 million charge related to the impairment of owned or capital leased aircraft and related inventory held for disposal with a carrying amount of 77 million. The remaining 29 million of the charge related
primarily to costs expected to be incurred related to the return of leased aircraft. As of December 31, 2000, the remaining accrual for the 1999 fleet disposition/impairment loss totaled 8 million. 
 
 In August 1998, the Company announced that CMI planned to accelerate the retirement of its four Boeing 747 aircraft by April 1999 and its remaining thirteen Boeing 727 aircraft by December 2000. In addition, Express accelerated the
retirement of certain turboprop aircraft to the year 2000, including its fleet of 32 EMB-120 turboprop aircraft, as regional jets are acquired to replace turboprops. In connection with its decision to accelerate the replacement of these aircraft, the
Company performed evaluations to determine, in accordance with SFAS 121, whether future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of these aircraft would be less than the aggregate
carrying amount of these aircraft and the related assets. As a result of the evaluation, management determined that the estimated future cash flows expected to be generated by these aircraft would be less than their carrying amount, and therefore these
aircraft are impaired as defined by SFAS 121. Consequently, the original cost basis of these aircraft and related items was reduced to reflect the fair market value at the date the decision was made, resulting in a 59 million fleet dispos
ition/impairment loss. In determining the fair market value of these assets, the Company considered recent transactions involving sales of similar aircraft and market trends in aircraft dispositions. The remaining 63 million of the fleet
disposition/impairment loss includes cash and non-cash costs related primarily to future commitments on leased aircraft past the dates they will be removed from service and the write-down of related inventory to its estimated fair market value. The
combined charge of 122 million was recorded in the third quarter of 1998. As of December 31, 2000, the remaining accrual for the 1998 fleet disposition/impairment loss totaled 17 million. 
 
 The remaining balance of accruals for aircraft retirements and excess facilities at December 31, 2000 relates to the 1994 accrual for fleet disposition/impairment loss and underutilized facilities of 29 million. 
 
 Significant activity related to these accruals during the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 were limited to cash payments incurred. 
 
 NOTE 13 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 Continental has substantial commitments for capital expenditures, including for the acquisition of new aircraft. As of December 31, 2000, Continental had agreed to acquire or lease a total of 86 Boeing jet aircraft through 2005.
The Company anticipates taking delivery of 35 Boeing jet aircraft in 2001. Continental also has options for an additional 105 aircraft (exercisable subject to certain conditions). The estimated aggregate cost of the Company's firm commitments for Boeing
aircraft is approximately 4 billion. 
 
 Continental currently plans to finance its new Boeing aircraft with a combination of enhanced pass through trust certificates, lease equity and other third-party financing, subject to availability and market conditions. As of
December 31, 2000, Continental had approximately 890 million in financing arranged for such Boeing deliveries. Continental also has commitments or letters of intent for backstop financing for approximately 23 of the anticipated remaining acquisition
cost of future Boeing deliveries. In addition, at December 31, 2000, Continental has firm commitments to purchase 26 spare engines related to the new Boeing aircraft for approximately 158 million, which will be deliverable through March 2005. However,
further financing will be needed to satisfy the Company's capital commitments for other aircraft and aircraft-related expenditures such as engines, spare parts, simulators and related items. There can be no assurance that sufficient financing will be
available for all aircraft and other capital expenditures not covered by firm financing commitments. Deliveries of new Boeing aircraft are expected to increase aircraft rental, depreciation and interest costs while generating cost savings in the areas of
maintenance, fuel and pilot training. 
 
 As of December 31, 2000, Express had firm commitments for 178 Embraer regional jets with options for an additional 100 Embraer regional jets exercisable through 2007. Express anticipates taking delivery of 41 regional jets in
2001. The estimated cost of the Company's firm commitments for Embraer regional jets is approximately 3 billion. Neither Express nor Continental will have any obligation to take any such firm Embraer aircraft that are not financed by a third party and
leased to Continental. 
 
 Continental expects its cash outlays for 2001 capital expenditures, exclusive of fleet plan requirements, to aggregate approximately 326 million, primarily relating to software application and automation infrastructure projects,
aircraft modifications and mandatory maintenance projects, passenger terminal facility improvements and office, maintenance, telecommunications and ground equipment. 
 
 Continental remains contingently liable until December 1, 2015, on 196 million of long-term lease obligations of US Airways, Inc. ("US Airways") related to the East End Terminal at LaGuardia Airport in New York. If US Airways
defaulted on these obligations, Continental could be required to cure the default, at which time it would have the right to occupy the terminal. 
 
 Approximately 41 of the Company's employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The Company's collective bargaining agreements with its CMI flight attendants (representing approximately 1 of the Company's employees)
became amendable in June 2000. The parties reached a tentative agreement, which was not ratified by the flight attendants. Negotiations will resume in early 2001. The Company continues to believe that mutually acceptable agreements can be reached with
such employees, although the ultimate outcome of the Company's negotiations is unknown at this time. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 On July 25, 2000, a Concorde aircraft operated by Societe Air France ("Air France") crashed shortly after takeoff from France's Charles de Gaulle Airport, killing 114 people and destroying the aircraft. The interim investigation
conducted by French authorities suggests that one of the aircraft's tires burst and that portions of the resulting debris struck the underside of a wing of the aircraft which caused the rupture of a fuel tank, leading to a fire and the crash. In early
September 2000, Continental learned that a small piece of metal found on the runway after the Concorde took off is believed by the French authorities to have caused or contributed to the tire failure and is suspected by investigators to have come from a
Continental DC-10 aircraft that had taken off on the same runway a short time before the Concorde. 
 
 Several lawsuits involving Continental have been filed to date in connection with the accident, and Continental anticipates that additional suits will be filed against the Company in the future. This pending litigation is in
preliminary stages. Continental is cooperating with French and U.S. authorities in the investigation of the accident. Although the outcome of these suits or any future litigation cannot be known at this time, Continental's costs to defend these matters
and, the Company believes, any potential liability exposure are covered by insurance. Consequently, the Company does not expect this litigation or any additional suits that may arise from the accident to have a material adverse effect on the Company's
financial position or results of operations. 
 
 The Company and/or certain of its subsidiaries are defendants in various lawsuits, including suits relating to certain environmental claims, the Company's consolidated Plan of Reorganization under Chapter 11 of the federal
bankruptcy code which became effective on April 27, 1993, and proceedings arising in the normal course of business. While the outcome of these lawsuits and proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and could have a material adverse effect on the
Company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows, it is the opinion of management, after consulting with counsel, that the ultimate disposition of such suits will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 NOTE 14 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
 The following is a summary of significant related party transactions that occurred during 2000, 1999 and 1998, other than those discussed elsewhere in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In December 2000, the Company sold its remaining investment in America West Holdings, a company in which David Bonderman, a director and stockholder of the Company, holds a significant interest. The Company and America West
Airlines, Inc. ("America West"), a subsidiary of America West Holdings entered into a series of agreements during 1994 related to code-sharing and ground handling that have created substantial benefits for both airlines. The services provided are
considered normal to the daily operations of both airlines. As a result of these agreements, Continental paid America West 28 million, 25 million and 20 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, and America West paid Continental 33 million, 31
million and 27 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. 
 
 In November 2000, Continental entered into a number of agreements with Northwest and some of its affiliates under which it would repurchase most of its Class A common stock owned by Northwest. See Note 16. In November 1998, the
Company and Northwest Airlines, Inc. ("Northwest Airlines"), began implementing a long-term global alliance involving extensive code-sharing, frequent flyer reciprocity and other cooperative activities. The services provided are considered normal to the
daily operations of both airlines. As a result of these activities, Continental paid Northwest 10 million in 2000 and 7 million in 1999, respectively, and Northwest paid Continental 14 million in 2000 and 9 million in 1999, respectively. 
 
 Also in November 2000, Continental entered into an agreement to pay 1992 Air, Inc. 10 million in cash for its sale to Continental of its right of first offer to purchase the shares of Class A common stock that the Company
purchased from Northwest. 1992 Air, Inc. is an affiliate of David Bonderman, one of Continental's directors. See Note 16. 
 
 During December 1999, Continental entered into an equipment sales agreement with Copa for 8 million. The resulting note receivable is payable in quarterly installments through October 2002. The services provided are considered
normal to the daily operations of both airlines. Copa paid Continental 8 million in 2000 and 4 million in 1999, and Continental paid Copa approximately 1 million in each of 2000 and 1999. 
 
 In connection with Continental's investment in Gulfstream, Continental purchased from Gulfstream, a ten-year 10 million convertible note, payable in quarterly installments of principal and interest totaling 0.4 million.
Continental also purchased a short-term 3 million secured note, with interest paid quarterly. During 2000 and 1999, Continental paid Gulfstream 1 million and 1 million, respectively, and Gulfstream paid Continental 16 million and 13 million,
respectively, for services considered normal to the daily operations of both airlines. 
 
 Also during December 1999, under a sale and leaseback agreement with Gulfstream, Express sold 25 Beech 1900-D aircraft to Gulfstream in exchange for Gulfstream's assumption of 81 million in debt. Express is leasing these aircraft
from Gulfstream for periods ranging from eight to 23 months. 
 
 NOTE 15 - SEGMENT REPORTING 
 
 Information concerning operating revenues by principal geographic areas is as follows (in millions): 

2000 
 
 1999 
 
 1998 

Domestic (U.S.) 
 
 6,835 
 
 6,066 
 
 5,596 

Atlantic 
 
 1,370 
 
 1,102 
 
 995 

Latin America 
 
 1,022 
 
 860 
 
 769 

Pacific 
 
 672 
 
 611 
 
 567 

9,899 
 
 8,639 
 
 7,927 

The Company attributes revenue among the geographical areas based upon the origin and destination of each flight segment. The Company's tangible assets consist primarily of flight equipment, which is mobile across geographic
markets and, therefore, has not been allocated. Continental has one reportable operating segment (air transportation). 
 
 NOTE 16 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 
 On November 15, 2000, Continental entered into a number of agreements with Northwest and some of its affiliates under which it would, among other things, repurchase approximately 6.7 million shares of Class A common stock owned
by Northwest, reclassify all issued shares of Class A common stock into Class B common stock, make other adjustments to its corporate and alliance relationship with Northwest Airlines, and issue to Northwest Airlines one share of preferred stock,
designated as Series B preferred stock ("Series B preferred stock") with blocking rights relating to certain change of control transactions involving Continental and certain matters relating to Continental's rights plan. The transactions closed on
January 22, 2001. The consideration paid to repurchase the Class A common stock owned by Northwest and to reclassify the issued Class A common stock to Class B common stock will be accounted for as an equity transaction. Under the agreements relating to
the recapitalization, Continental and Northwest agreed to seek dismissal of the antitrust litigation brought by the U.S. Department of Justice against Northwest and Continental, which dismissal was granted on January 22, 2001. 
 
 Repurchase of Shares of Class A Common Stock . On January 22, 2001, Continental repurchased from Northwest and an affiliate 6,685,279 shares of Continental Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 450 million
in cash (or approximately 67 per share). 
 
 The shares repurchased represented approximately 77 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock owned by Northwest, excluding shares subject to a limited proxy held by Northwest. This limited proxy terminated upon the
closing of the recapitalization. After giving effect to the repurchase and the reclassification of the issued shares of Class A common stock into Class B common stock, Northwest's general voting power with respect to Continental, including Northwest's
right to vote certain shares under a limited proxy, was reduced from approximately 59.6 to approximately 7.2 . This percentage does not include the share of Series B preferred stock issued to Northwest Airlines in the recapitalization, which does not
have general voting rights but instead has a special class vote on certain change of control transactions as described below. 
 
 Reclassification of Shares of Class A Common Stock . At the effective time of the recapitalization, the remaining 1,975,945 shares of Class A common stock owned by Northwest that Continental did not purchase, as well as all
other issued shares of Class A common stock, were reclassified into Class B common stock at an exchange rate of 1.32 shares of Class B common stock per share of Class A common stock. 
 
 Issuance of Series B Preferred Stock . In connection with the transactions described above, including the amendment of the master alliance agreement, Continental issued to Northwest Airlines one share of Series B preferred
stock for consideration of 100 in cash. The Series B preferred stock gives Northwest Airlines the right to vote, as a separate class, during the term of the master alliance agreement or, if earlier, until the Series B preferred stock becomes redeemable,
on: 

any amendment to article seven of Continental's certificate of incorporation which relates, in general, to the requirement to obtain the approval of the holder of the Series B preferred stock to amend Continental's rights agreement;

certain business combinations and similar change of control transactions involving Continental and a third party major air carrier with respect to which the stockholders of Continental are entitled to vote; 

any dividend or distribution of all or substantially all of Continental's airline assets; and 

certain reorganizations and restructuring transactions involving Continental. 

Except for the right to vote on any amendment to Continental's certificate of incorporation that would adversely affect the Series B preferred stock, and on any other matter as may be required by law, the Series B preferred stock
does not have any other voting rights. 
 
 Purchase of Right of First Offer . In connection with the recapitalization, Continental paid 1992 Air, Inc. 10 million in cash for its sale to Continental of its right of first offer to purchase the shares of Class A common
stock that the Company purchased from Northwest (which right terminated immediately after the recapitalization). 1992 Air, Inc. is an affiliate of David Bonderman, one of Continental's directors. 
 
 Standstill Agreement . In connection with the recapitalization, Northwest and certain of its affiliates have entered into a standstill agreement with the Company that contains standstill and conduct restrictions that are
substantially similar to those previously contained in the corporate governance agreement that had been in place between the parties. Under the agreement, Northwest agreed to vote neutrally all of Continental's common stock owned by it after the
recapitalization, except that Northwest will be free to vote its shares in its discretion with respect to a change of control of the Company, as defined in the Series B preferred stock certificate of designations, and will vote neutrally or as recommended
by Continental's board of directors with respect to the election of directors. The standstill agreement provides that Northwest will be released from its obligations if Continental publicly announces that it is seeking, or has entered into an agreement
with, a third party to acquire a majority of Continental's voting securities or all or substantially all of Continental's airline assets. 
 
 Amendment of the Rights Agreement . Continental has also amended its rights agreement to take into account, among other things, the effects of the recapitalization and to eliminate Northwest's status as an exempt person that
would not trigger the provisions of the rights agreement. 

NOTE 17 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Unaudited summarized financial data by quarter for 2000 and 1999 is as follows (in millions, except per share data): 

Three Months Ended 

March 31 
 
 June 30 
 
 September 30 
 
 December 31 

2000 

Operating revenue 
 
 2,277 
 
 2,571 
 
 2,622 
 
 2,429 

Operating income 
 
 54 
 
 279 
 
 254 
 
 97 

Nonoperating income (expense), net 

(31) 

(29) 

(30) 

(23) 

Net income 
 
 14 
 
 149 
 
 135 
 
 44 

Earnings per common share: 

Income before extraordinary 
 charge 

0.21 

2.52 

2.29 

0.74 

Extraordinary charge, net of tax 
 
 - 
 
 (0.08 
 
 (0.03 
 
 - 

Net income (a) 
 
 0.21 
 
 2.44 
 
 2.26 
 
 0.74 2.26 

Earnings per common share: 

Income before extraordinary 
 charge 

0.21 

2.46 

2.24 

0.70 

Extraordinary charge, net of tax 
 
 - 
 
 (0.07 
 
 (0.03 
 
 - 

Net income (a) 
 
 0.21 
 
 2.39 
 
 2.21 
 
 0.70 2.26 

Three Months Ended 

March 31 
 
 June 30 
 
 September 30 
 
 December 31 

1999 

Operating revenue 
 
 2,042 
 
 2,181 
 
 2,264 
 
 2,152 

Operating income (loss) 
 
 153 153 
 
 247 
 
 202 
 
 (2) 

Income before cumulative effect of 
 accounting changes 

85 

132 

104 

167 

Cumulative effect of accounting 
 changes: 

Start-up costs 
 
 (6) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of frequent flyer miles 
 
 (27) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 
 52 
 
 132 
 
 104 
 
 167 

Earnings per common share: 

Income before cumulative effect 
 of accounting changes (a) 

1.25 

1.85 

1.47 

2.46 

Cumulative effect of accounting 
 changes, net of tax 

(0.48 

- 

- 

- 

Net income (a) 
 
 0.77 
 
 1.85 
 
 1.47 
 
 2.46 

Earnings per common share: 

Income before cumulative effect 
 of accounting changes (a) 

1.13 

1.73 

1.44 

2.42 

Cumulative effect of accounting 
 changes, net of tax 

(0.42 

- 

- 

- 

Net income (a) 
 
 0.71 
 
 1.73 
 
 1.44 
 
 2.42 

The sum of the four quarterly earnings per share amounts does not agree with the earnings per share as calculated for the full year due to the fact that the full year calculation uses a weighted average number of shares based on
the sum of the four quarterly weighted average shares divided by four quarters. 

During the fourth quarter of 2000, Continental recorded a 6 million gain 9 million pre-tax) on the sale of a right of first refusal and the Company's remaining investment in America West Holdings. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2000, Continental repurchased the remainder of its 9-1/2 senior unsecured notes, in addition to the early extinguishment of other debt, resulting in a 2 million extraordinary charge (net of income tax
benefit) for early debt repayment. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2000, Continental repurchased 188 million of its 9-1/2 senior unsecured notes, in addition to the early extinguishment of other debt, resulting in a 4 million extraordinary charge (net of income tax
benefit) for early debt repayment. 
 During the first quarter of 1999, Continental recorded a 6 million cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of tax, related to the write-off of pilot training costs. 
 
 In addition, during the first quarter of 1999, Continental recorded a 12 million gain 20 million pre-tax) on the sale of a portion of the Company's interest in Equant. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 1999, the Company changed its method of accounting for the sale of mileage credits under its frequent flyer program. Therefore, effective January 1, 1999, the Company recorded a 27 million cumulative
effect of this change in accounting principle, net of tax. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 1999, Continental recorded a 182 million gain 297 million pre-tax) on the sale of its interest in AMADEUS and a 6 million net gain 9 million pre-tax on other asset sales, including a portion of
its interest in Equant. 
 
 Also, during the fourth quarter of 1999, Continental recorded a fleet disposition/impairment loss of 50 million 81 million pre-tax). 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 
 There were no changes in or disagreements on any matters of accounting principles or financial statement disclosure between the Company and its independent auditors during the registrant's two most recent fiscal years or any
subsequent interim period. 
 
 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 15, 2001. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 15, 2001. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND 
 MANAGEMENT. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 15, 2001. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 15, 2001. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON 
 FORM 8-K. 

The following financial statements are included in Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data": 
 
 Report of Independent Auditors 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the Three Years in the Period Ended 
 December 31, 2000 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the Three Years in the Period Ended 
 December 31, 2000 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Stockholders' Equity for each of the Three Years 
 in the Period Ended December 31, 2000 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 Report of Independent Auditors 
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable, not required, or the information is included elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 Reports on Form 8-K: 

Report dated November 6, 2000, reporting Item 5. "Other Events". No financial statements were filed with this report, which included a Press Release announcing a private placement of 250 million of convertible preferred securities
 . 
 
 Report dated November 6, 2000, reporting Item 5. "Other Events". No financial statements were filed with this report, which included a Press Release announcing an agreement in principle regarding the sale to Continental of its
common stock held by Northwest Airlines Corporation. 
 
 Report dated November 14, 2000, reporting Item 9. "Regulation FD Disclosure". No financial statements were filed with this report, which included Exhibits related to certain presentation data and risk factors. 
 
 Report dated November 15, 2000, reporting Item 5. "Other Events". No financial statements were filed with this report, which related to the execution of definitive agreements regarding the sale to Continental of its common stock
held by Northwest Airlines Corporation. 
 
 Report dated November 28, 2000, reporting Item 9. "Regulation FD Disclosure." No financial statements were filed with this report, which included Exhibits related to certain projected data. 
 
 Report dated November 28, 2000, reporting Item 7. "Financial Statements and Exhibits". No financial statements were filed with the report, which included an Exhibit Index related to the Continental 2000-2 offering of pass through
certificates. 

See accompanying Index to Exhibits. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000, and have issued our report
thereon dated January 16, 2001 (included elsewhere in this Form 10-K). Our audits also included the financial statement schedule for these related periods listed in Item 14(b) of this Form 10-K. This schedule is the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits. 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. 

ERNST YOUNG LLP 

Houston, Texas 
 January 16, 2001 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998 
 (In millions) 

Allowance for 
 Doubtful Receivables 
 
 Allowance for 
 Obsolescence 

Balance, December 31, 1997 
 
 23 
 
 51 

Additions charged to expense 
 
 18 
 
 17 

Deductions from reserve 
 
 (18) 
 
 (16) 

Other 
 
 (1 
 
 (6 

Balance, December 31, 1998 
 
 22 
 
 46 

Additions charged to expense 
 
 12 
 
 19 

Deductions from reserve 
 
 (12) 
 
 (5) 

Other 
 
 (2 
 
 (1 

Balance, December 31, 1999 
 
 20 
 
 59 

Additions charged to expense 
 
 10 
 
 22 

Deductions from reserve 
 
 (12) 
 
 (13) 

Other 
 
 2 
 
 (1 

Balance, December 31, 2000 
 
 20 
 
 67 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By /s/ LAWRENCE W. KELLNER 
 Lawrence W. Kellner 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (On behalf of Registrant) 
 
 Date: February 6, 2001 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities indicated on February 6, 2001. 
 
 Signature 
 Capacity 

/s/ GORDON M. BETHUNE Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Gordon M. Bethune (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 /s/ LAWRENCE W. KELLNER Executive Vice President and 
 Lawrence W. Kellner Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 /s/ CHRIS KENNY Staff Vice President and Controller 
 Chris Kenny (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 THOMAS J. BARRACK, JR. Director 
 Thomas J. Barrack, Jr. 
 
 DAVID BONDERMAN Director 
 David Bonderman 
 
 /s/ GREGORY D. BRENNEMAN Director 
 Gregory D. Brenneman 

KIRBYJON CALDWELL Director 
 Kirbyjon Caldwell 
 
 PATRICK FOLEY Director 
 Patrick Foley 
 
 DOUGLAS McCORKINDALE Director 
 Douglas McCorkindale 
 
 GEORGE G. C. PARKER Director 
 George G. C. Parker 
 
 RICHARD W. POGUE Director 
 Richard W. Pogue 
 
 WILLIAM S. PRICE III Director 
 William S. Price III 
 
 DONALD L. STURM Director 
 Donald L. Sturm 
 
 KAREN HASTIE WILLIAMS Director 
 Karen Hastie Williams 
 
 CHARLES A. YAMARONE Director 
 Charles A. Yamarone 

By /s/ LAWRENCE W. KELLNER 
 Lawrence W. Kellner 
 Attorney in-fact 
 February 6, 2001 
 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS OF 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

Revised Third Amended Disclosure Statement Pursuant to Section 1125 of the Bankruptcy Code with Respect to Debtors' Revised Second Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization Under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code, as
filed with the Bankruptcy Court on January 13, 1993 -- incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to Continental's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992 (File no. 0-9781). 

2.2 Modification of Debtors' Revised Second Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization dated March 12, 1993 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Continental's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 16, 1993 (File no. 0-9781)
(the "4/93 8-K"). 
 
 2.3 Second Modification of Debtors' Revised Second Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization, dated April 8, 1993 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the 4/93 8-K. 

Third Modification of Debtors' Revised Second Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization, dated April 15, 1993 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the 4/93 8-K. 

Confirmation Order, dated April 16, 1993 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to the 4/93 8-K. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Continental. (3) 

3.1(a) Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 3.1. 
 
 3.1(b) Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock. (3) 
 
 3.1(c) Form of Series B Preferred Stock Certificate. (3) 

3.2 Bylaws of Continental, as amended to date. (3) 

Specimen Class B Common Stock Certificate of the Company -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Continental's Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 33-68870) (the "1993 S-1"). 

Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2000, between Continental and ChaseMellon Shareholder Services, LLC -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.11 to Continental's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
November 15, 2000 (the "11/00 8-K"). 
 
 Form of Right Certificate, included as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.2 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.11 to the 11/00 8-K. 

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated April 19, 1996 among the Company, Air Partners, L.P. and Air Canada -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Continental's Form S-3 Registration Statement (No.
333-02701). 

4.4(a) Amendment dated November 20, 1998 to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, among the Company, Air Partners and Northwest -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to Continental's Current Report on Form
8-K dated November 20, 1998. 
 
 4.4(b) Amendment dated November 15, 2000 to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, among the Company, Air Partners and Northwest -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.9 to the 11/00 8-K. 
 
 4.5 Warrant Agreement dated as of April 27, 1993, between Continental and Continental as warrant agent -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the 4/93 8-K. 
 
 4.6 Continental hereby agrees to furnish to the Commission, upon request, copies of certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the kind described in Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 10.1 Agreement of Lease dated as of January 11, 1985, between the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and People Express Airlines, Inc., regarding Terminal C (the "Terminal C Lease") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.61 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 0-9781) of People Express Airlines, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 1984. 
 
 10.1(a) Supplemental Agreement Nos. 1 through 6 to the Terminal C Lease -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Continental's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-8475) for the year ended December 31, 1987 (the "1987 10-K").

10.1(b) Supplemental Agreement No. 7 to the Terminal C Lease -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Continental's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-8475) for the year ended December 31, 1998. 
 
 10.1(c) Supplemental Agreements No. 8 through 11 to the Terminal C Lease -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the 1993 S-1. 
 
 10.1(d) Supplemental Agreements No. 12 through 15 to the Terminal C Lease -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(d) to the 1995 10-K. 
 
 10.1(e) Supplemental Agreement No. 16 to the Terminal C Lease -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(e) to Continental's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997 (File no. 0-9781) (the "1997 10-K"). 
 
 10.1(f) Supplemental Agreement No. 17 to the Terminal C Lease -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(f) to Continental's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 (File no. 0-9781) (the "1999 10-K"). 

Assignment of Lease with Assumption and Consent dated as of August 15, 1987, among the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, People Express Airlines, Inc. and Continental -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
1987 10-K. 

10.3 Employment Agreement between the Company and Gordon M. Bethune, dated as of July 25, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Continental's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2000
(the "2000 Q-3 10-Q"). 
 
 10.4 Employment Agreement between the Company and Gregory D. Brenneman, dated as of July 25, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the 2000 Q-3 10-Q. 
 
 10.5 Employment Agreement dated as of July 25, 2000 between the Company and Lawrence W. Kellner -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the 2000 Q-3 10-Q. 
 
 10.6 Employment Agreement dated as of July 25, 2000 between the Company and C.D. McLean -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the 2000 Q-3 10-Q. 
 
 10.7 Employment Agreement dated as of July 25, 2000 between the Company and Jeffery A. Smisek -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 2000 Q-3 10-Q. 
 
 10.8 Executive Bonus Program -- incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company's proxy statement relating its annual meeting of stockholders held on June 26, 1996. 

10.8(a) Amendment of Executive Bonus Program effective January 1, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Continental's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1999 (File no. 0-9781) (the "1999
Q-1 10-Q"). 
 
 10.8(b) Amendment of Executive Bonus Program dated February 8, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14(b) to the 1999 10-K. 
 
 10.9 Continental Airlines, Inc. 1994 Incentive Equity Plan ("1994 Equity Plan") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement (No. 33-81324). 
 
 10.9(a) Form of Employee Stock Option Grant pursuant to the 1994 Equity Plan -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10(e) to the 1997 10-K. 
 
 10.9(b) Form of Outside Director Stock Option Grant pursuant to the 1994 Equity Plan -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10(f) to the 1997 10-K. 
 
 10.10 Continental Airlines, Inc. 1997 Stock Incentive Plan ("1997 Incentive Plan") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Continental's Form S-8 Registration Statement (No. 333-23165). 
 
 10.10(a) Form of Employee Stock Option Grant pursuant to the 1997 Incentive Plan -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11(b) to the 1997 10-K. 
 
 10.10(b) Form of Outside Director Stock Option Grant pursuant to the 1997 Incentive Plan -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11(c) to the 1997 10-K. 
 
 10.11 Amendment and Restatement of the 1994 Equity Plan and the 1997 Incentive Plan -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the 1998 10-K. 
 
 10.12 Continental Airlines, Inc. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan ("1998 Incentive Plan") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Continental's Form S-8 Registration Statement (No. 333-57297) (the "1998 S-8"). 
 
 10.12(a) Form of Employee Stock Option Grant pursuant to the 1998 Incentive Plan -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the 1998 S-8. 
 
 10.13 Amended and Restated Continental Airlines, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the 1999 10-K. 
 
 10.14 Continental Airlines, Inc. Incentive Plan 2000 ("Incentive Plan 2000") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the 1999 10-K. 
 
 10.14(a) Form of employee stock Option Agreement and Award Notice pursuant to the Incentive Plan 2000. (3) 
 
 10.14(b) Form of Outside Director Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Incentive Plan 2000. (3) 
 
 10.14(c) Form of Restricted Stock Agreement and Award Notice pursuant to the Incentive Plan 2000. (3) 
 
 10.15 Continental Airlines, Inc. Executive Bonus Performance Award Program, as amended -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the 1999 10-K. 
 
 10.15(a) Form of Executive Bonus Performance Award Notice. (3) 
 
 10.16 Continental Airlines, Inc. Long Term Incentive Performance Award Program -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the 1999 10-K. 
 
 10.16(a) Form of Long Term Incentive Performance Award Notice. (3) 
 
 10.17 Continental Airlines, Inc. Officer Retention and Incentive Award Program. (3) 
 
 10.17(a) Form of Officer Retention and Incentive Award Notice. (3) 
 
 10.18 Form of Letter Agreement relating to certain flight benefits between the Company and each of its nonemployee directors. (3) 
 
 10.19 Purchase Agreement No. 1783, including exhibits and side letters, between the Company and Boeing, effective April 27, 1993, relating to the purchase of Boeing 757 aircraft ("P.A. 1783") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.2 to Continental's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1993 (File no. 0-9781). (1) 
 
 10.19(a) Supplemental Agreement No. 4 to P.A. 1783, dated March 31, 1995 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12(a) to Continental's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 (File no. 0-9781) (the "1994
10-K"). (1) 
 
 10.19(b) Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to P.A. 1783, dated June 13, 1996 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Continental's Quarterly 10-Q for the quarter ending June 30, 1996 (File no. 0-9781) (the "1996 Q-2 10-Q"). (1)

10.19(c) Supplemental Agreement No. 7 to P.A. 1783, dated July 23, 1996 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6(a) to the 1996 Q-2 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.19(d) Supplemental Agreement No. 8 to P.A. 1783, dated October 27, 1996 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11(d) to Continental's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996 (File no. 0-9781) (the
"1996 10-K"). (1) 
 
 10.19(e) Letter Agreement No. 6-1162-GOC-044 to P.A. 1783, dated March 21, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Continental's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 1997 (File no. 0-9781) (the
"1997 Q-1 10-Q"). (1) 
 
 10.19(f) Supplemental Agreement No. 9 to P.A. 1783, dated August 13, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Continental's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1997 (File no. 0-9781). (1) 

10.19(g) Supplemental Agreement No. 10, including side letters, to P.A. 1783, dated October 10, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13(g) to the 1997 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.19(h) Supplemental Agreement No. 11, including exhibits and side letters, to P.A. 1783, dated July 30, 1998 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Continental's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 1998 (File no. 0-9781) (the "1998 Q-3 10-Q"). (1) 
 
 10.19(i) Supplemental Agreement No. 12, including side letter, to P.A. 1783, dated September 29, 1998 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23(i) to the 1998 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.19(j) Supplemental Agreement No. 13 to P.A. 1783, dated November 16, 1998 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23(j) to the 1998 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.19(k) Supplemental Agreement No. 14, including side letter, to P.A. 1783, dated December 17, 1998 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23(k) to the 1998 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.19(l) Supplemental Agreement No. 15, including side letter, to P.A. 1783, dated February 18, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the 1999 Q-1 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.19(m) Supplemental Agreement No. 16, including side letter, to P.A. 1783, dated July 2, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the 1999 Q-3 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.20 Purchase Agreement No. 1951, including exhibits and side letters thereto, between the Company and Boeing, dated July 23, 1996, relating to the purchase of Boeing 737 aircraft ("P.A. 1951") -- incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.8 to the 1996 Q-2 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.20(a) Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to P.A. 1951, dated October 10, 1996 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14(a) to the 1996 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.20(b) Supplemental Agreement No. 2 to P.A. 1951, dated March 5, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the 1997 Q1 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.20(c) Supplemental Agreement No. 3, including exhibit and side letter, to P.A. 1951, dated July 17, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14(c) to the 1997 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.20(d) Supplemental Agreement No. 4, including exhibits and side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated October 10, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14(d) to the 1997 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.20(e) Supplemental Agreement No. 5, including exhibits and side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated October 10, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the 1998 Q-2 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.20(f) Supplemental Agreement No. 6, including exhibits and side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated July 30, 1998 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the 1998 Q-3 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.20(g) Supplemental Agreement No. 7, including side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated November 12, 1998 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24(g) to the 1998 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.20(h) Supplemental Agreement No. 8, including side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated December 7, 1998 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24(h) to the 1998 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.20(i) Letter Agreement No. 6-1162-GOC-131R1 to P.A. 1951, dated March 26, 1998 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Continental's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1998 (File no. 0-9781). (1) 
 
 10.20(j) Supplemental Agreement No. 9, including side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated February 18, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the 1999 Q-1 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.20(k) Supplemental Agreement No. 10, including side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated March 19, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(a) to the 1999 Q-1 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.20(l) Supplemental Agreement No. 11, including side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated May 14, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the 1999 Q-2 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.20(m) Supplemental Agreement No. 12, including side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated July 2, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the 1999 Q-3 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.20(n) Supplemental Agreement No. 13 to P.A. 1951, dated October 13, 1999. (1) 
 
 10.20(o) Supplemental Agreement No. 14 to P.A. 1951, dated December 13, 1999. (1) 
 
 10.20(p) Supplemental Agreement No. 15, including side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated January 13, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Continental's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2000
(File no. 0-9781) (the "2000 Q-1 10-Q"). (1) 
 
 10.20(q) Supplemental Agreement No. 16, including side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated March 17, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to the 2000 Q-1 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.20(r) Supplemental Agreement No. 17, including side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated May 16, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Continental's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2000 (File
no. 0-9781). (1) 
 
 10.20(s) Supplemental Agreement No. 18, including side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated September 11, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Continental's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2000 (File no. 0-9781). (1) 
 
 10.20(t) Supplement Agreement No. 19, including side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated October 31, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.20(u) Supplement Agreement No. 20, including side letters, to P.A. 1951, dated December 21, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.21 Aircraft General Terms Agreement between the Company and Boeing, dated October 10, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the 1997 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.21(a) Letter Agreement No. 6-1162-GOC-136 between the Company and Boeing, dated October 10, 1997, relating to certain long-term aircraft purchase commitments of the Company -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15(a) to the
1997 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.22 Purchase Agreement No. 2060, including exhibits and side letters, between the Company and Boeing, dated October 10, 1997, relating to the purchase of Boeing 767 aircraft ("P.A. 2060") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.16 to the 1997 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.22(a) Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to P.A. 2060 dated December 18, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16(a) to the 1997 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.22(b) Supplemental Agreement No. 2 to P.A. 2060 dated June 8, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the 1999 Q-2 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.22(c) Supplemental Agreement No. 3 to P.A. 2060 dated October 31, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.22(d) Supplemental Agreement No. 4 to P.A. 2060 dated December 1, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.23 Purchase Agreement No. 2061, including exhibits and side letters, between the Company and Boeing, dated October 10, 1997, relating to the purchase of Boeing 777 aircraft ("P.A. 2061") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.17 to the 1997 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.23(a) Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to P.A. 2061 dated December 18, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17(a) as to the 1997 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.23(b) Supplemental Agreement No. 2, including side letter, to P.A. 2061, dated July 30, 1998 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27(b) to the 1998 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.23(c) Supplemental Agreement No. 3, including side letter, to P.A. 2061, dated September 25, 1998 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27(c) to the 1998 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.23(d) Supplemental Agreement No. 4, including side letter, to P.A. 2061, dated February 3, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 1999 Q-1 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.23(e) Supplemental Agreement No. 5, including side letter, to P.A. 2061, dated March 26, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5(a) to the 1999 Q-1 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.23(f) Supplemental Agreement No. 6, including side letter, to P.A. 2061, dated May 14, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the 1999 Q-2 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.23(g) Supplemental Agreement No. 7, including side letter, to P.A. 2061, dated October 31, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.24 Purchase Agreement No. 2211, including exhibits and side letters thereto, between the Company and Boeing, dated November 16, 1998, relating to the purchase of Boeing 767 aircraft ("P.A. 2211") -- incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.28 to the 1998 10-K. (1) 
 
 10.24(a) Supplemental Agreement No. 1, including side letters to P.A. 2211, dated July 2, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the 1999 Q-2 10-Q. (1) 
 
 10.24(b) Supplemental Agreement No. 2, including side letters to P.A. 2211, dated October 31, 2000. (2)(3) 

Purchase Agreement No. 2333, including exhibits and side letters thereto, between the Company and Boeing, dated December 29, 2000, relating to the purchase of Boeing 757 aircraft ("P.A. 2333"). (3) 
 
 Airport Use and Lease Agreement dated as of January 1, 1998 between the Company and the City of Houston, Texas regarding Bush Intercontinental -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the 1998 10-K. 
 
 10.26(a) Special Facilities Lease Agreement dated as of March 1, 1997 by and between the Company and the City of Houston, Texas regarding an automated people mover project at Bush Intercontinental -- incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.30(a) to the 1998 10-K. 
 
 10.26(b) Amended and Restated Special Facilities Lease Agreement dated as of December 1, 1998 by and between the Company and the City of Houston, Texas regarding certain terminal improvements projects at Bush Intercontinental --
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30(b) to the 1998 10-K. 
 
 10.26(c) Amended and Restated Special Facilities Lease Agreement dated December 1, 1998 by and between the Company and the City of Houston, Texas regarding certain airport improvement projects at Bush Intercontinental --
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30(c) to the 1998 10-K. 
 
 Agreement and Lease dated as of May 1987, as supplemented, between the City of Cleveland, Ohio and Continental regarding Hopkins International -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Continental's Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1993 (File no. 0-9781). 
 
 10.27(a) Special Facilities Lease Agreement dated as of October 24, 1997 by and between the Company and the City of Cleveland, Ohio regarding certain concourse expansion projects at Hopkins International (the "1997 SFLA") --
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31(a) to the 1998 10-K. 
 
 10.27(b) First Supplemental Special Facilities Lease Agreement dated as of March 1, 1998, and relating to the 1997 SFLA -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the 1999 Q-1 10-Q. 
 
 Special Facilities Lease Agreement dated as of December 1, 1989 by and between the Company and the City of Cleveland, Ohio regarding Cleveland Hopkins International Airport (the "1989 SFLA") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the 1999 Q-3 10-Q. 
 
 10.28(a) First Supplemental Special Facilities Lease Agreement dated as of March 1, 1998, and relating to the 1989 SFLA -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(a) to the 1999 Q-3 10-Q. 
 
 10.28(b) Second Supplemental Special Facilities Lease Agreement dated as of March 1, 1998, and relating to the 1989 SFLA -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(b) to the 1999 Q-3 10-Q. 
 
 Letter Agreement No. 11 between the Company and General Electric Company, dated December 22, 1997, relating to certain long-term engine purchase commitments of the Company -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the 1997
10-K. (1) 
 
 Omnibus Agreement dated as of November 15, 2000 among the Company, Northwest Airlines Corporation, Northwest Airlines Holdings Corporation, Northwest Airlines, Inc. and Air Partners, L.P. -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit
99.2 to the 11/00 8-K. 
 
 Standstill Agreement dated as of November 15, 2000 among the Company, Northwest Airlines Holdings Corporation, Northwest Airlines Corporation and Northwest Airlines, Inc. -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.8 to the 11/00 8-K.

Reoffer Purchase Agreement dated as of November 15, 2000 among the Company, 1992 Air, Inc., Northwest Airlines Corporation, Northwest Airlines Holdings Corporation, and Air Partners, L.P. -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit
99.10 to the 11/00 8-K. 

Purchase Agreement No. GPJ-003/96, between Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S. A. ("Embraer") and Express dated August 5, 1996 relating to the purchase of EMB 145 aircraft ("P.A. 3/96") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
to Amendment No. 1 to Embraer's Form F-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-12220) (the "Embraer F-1"). (1) 

10.33(a) Amendment No. 1 to P.A. 3/96 dated September 26, 1996 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(b) Amendment No. 2 to P.A. 3/96 dated May 22, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(c) Amendment No. 3 to P.A. 3/96 dated August 20, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(d) Amendment No. 4 to P.A. 3/96 dated October 1, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(e) Amendment No. 5 to P.A. 3/96 dated November 12, 1997 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(f) Amendment No. 6 to P.A. 3/96 dated August 19, 1998 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(g) Amendment No. 7 to P.A. 3/96 dated February 19, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(h) Amendment No. 8 to P.A. 3/96 dated March 31, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(i) Amendment No. 9 to P.A. 3/96 dated October 29, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(j) Amendment No. 10 to P.A. 3/96 dated October 20, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(k) Amendment No. 11 to P.A. 3/96 dated December 15, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(l) Amendment No. 12 to P.A. 3/96 dated February 18, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(m) Amendment No. 13 to P.A. 3/96 dated April 28, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(n) Amendment No. 14 to P.A. 3/96 dated April 28, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.33(o) Amendment No. 15 to P.A. 3/96 dated July 25, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.33(p) Amendment No. 16 to P.A. 3/96 dated July 24, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.33(q) Amendment No. 17 to P.A. 3/96 dated November 7, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.33(r) Amendment No. 18 to P.A. 3/96 dated November 17, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.34 Letter of Agreement No. GPJ-004/96 dated August 5, 1996 between Embraer and Express ("L.A. 4/96") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.34(a) Amendment No. 1 to L.A. 4/96 dated August 31, 1996. (3) 
 
 10.34(b) Amendment No. 2 to L.A. 4/96 and Amendment No. 1 to L.A. 4A/96 (defined below) dated August 31, 1996 between Embraer and Express. (2)(3) 
 
 10.35 Letter of Agreement No. PCJ-004A/96 dated August 31, 1996 among the Company, Express and Embraer ("L.A. 4A/96") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. 

Letter Agreement DCT 059/2000 dated October 27, 2000 between Express and Embraer. (2)(3) 
 
 Purchase Agreement No. DCT-054/98 dated December 23, 1998 between Embraer and Express ("P.A. 54/98") -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 

10.37(a) Amendment No. 1 to P.A. 54/98 dated July 30, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.37(b) Amendment No. 2 to P.A. 54/98 dated July 30, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.37(c) Amendment No. 3 to P.A. 54/98 dated October 21, 1999 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.37(d) Amendment No. 4 to P.A. 54/98 dated January 31, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.37(e) Amendment No. 5 to P.A. 54/98 dated February 15, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.37(f) Amendment No. 6 to P.A. 54/98 dated April 17, 2000 -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Embraer F-1. (1) 
 
 10.37(g) Amendment No. 7 to P.A. 54/98 dated July 24, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.37(h) Amendment No. 8 to P.A. 54/98 dated November 7, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.37(i) Amendment No. 9 to P.A. 54/98 dated September 20, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.37(j) Amendment No. 10 to P.A. 54/98 dated November 17, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.38 Letter of Agreement DCT-055/98 dated December 23, 1998 between Express and Embraer ("L.A. 55/98"). (2)(3) 
 
 10.38(a) Amendment No. 1 to L.A. 55/98 dated July 24, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.39 EMB-135 Financing Letter of Agreement dated March 23, 2000 among the Company, Express and Embraer ("L.A. 135"). (2)(3) 
 
 10.39(a) Amendment No. 1 to L.A. 135. (2)(3) 
 
 10.39(b) Amendment No. 2 to L.A. 135. (2)(3) 
 
 10.39(c) Amendment No. 3 to L.A. 135 dated October 27, 2000. (2)(3) 
 
 10.40 Letter Agreement DCT-058/2000 dated October 27, 2000 between Embraer and Express. (2)(3) 

List of Subsidiaries of Continental. (3) 

Consent of Ernst Young LLP. (3) 

Powers of attorney executed by certain directors and officers of Continental. (3) 

_______________ 
 
 These exhibits relate to management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 

The Commission has granted confidential treatment for a portion of this exhibit. 
 The Company has applied to the Commission for confidential treatment of a portion of this exhibit. 
 Filed herewith. 

<EX-3>
 2
 exhibit31.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

EXHIBIT 3.1 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 OF 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 (Originally incorporated on April 7, 1980 
 under the name People Express, Inc.) 

ONE: The name of this corporation is Continental Airlines, Inc. (the " Corporation "). 
 TWO : The address of the Corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle. The name of the Corporation's registered agent at such address is The
Corporation Trust Company. 
 THREE: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (" GCL "). 
 FOUR: The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 210 million shares, par value .01 per share, of which 10 million shall be Preferred Stock (" 
Preferred Stock ") and 200 million shall be Class B Common Stock (" Class B Common Stock "). The powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of each
class of stock shall be governed by the following provisions: 
 SECTION 1. Preferred Stock . The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board of Directors is hereby authorized (i) to provide by resolution or resolutions from time to
time for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, (ii) to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, (iii) (to the extent not expressly provided for herein) to fix the
designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions, if any, thereof, by filing one or more certificates pursuant to the GCL
(hereinafter, referred to as a " Preferred Stock Designation "), and (iv) to increase or decrease the number of shares of any such series to the extent permitted by the GCL and the Preferred Stock Designation. The authority of the Board of Directors with respect to each
series shall include, but not be limited to, determination of the following: 

The designation of the series, which may be by distinguishing the number, letter or title of such series. 
 The number of shares of the series. 
 Whether dividends, if any, shall be paid in cash or in capital stock or other securities, whether such dividends shall be cumulative (and, if so, from which date or dates for each such series) or noncumulative, the preference or
relation which such dividends, if any, shall bear to the dividends payable on any other class or classes or any other series of capital stock, and the dividend rate, if any, of the series. 
 Conditions and dates upon which dividends, if any, shall be payable. 
 The redemption rights and redemption price or prices, if any, for shares of the series. 
 The terms and amount of any sinking fund provided for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series. 
 The amounts payable on and the preferences, if any, of shares of the series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. 
 Whether the shares of the series shall be convertible into or exchangeable for shares of any other class or series of capital stock, or any other security, of the Corporation or any other corporation and, if so, the specification
of such other class or series or such other security, the conversion or exchange price or prices or rate or rates, any adjustments thereof, the date or dates at which such shares shall be convertible or exchangeable and all other terms and conditions upon
which such conversion or exchange may be made. 
 Restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same series or of any other class or series. 
 The voting rights, if any, of the holders of shares of the series, whether as a class or otherwise, with respect to the election of directors or otherwise. 
 The price or other consideration for which shares of the series shall be issued and, if deemed desirable, the stated value or other valuation of the shares constituting such series. 
 Any other relative rights, preferences and limitations of that series. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or in a Preferred Stock Designation, the holders of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to vote separately as a class with respect to
any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock. Pursuant to the authority conferred by this Article Four, the following series of Preferred Stock has been designated,
such series consisting of such number of shares, with such voting powers and with such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions therefor as are stated and
expressed in the exhibit with respect to such series attached hereto as specified below and incorporated herein by reference: 
 Exhibit A : Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock 
 SECTION 2. Class B Common Stock . All shares of Class B Common Stock shall be identical and will entitle the holders thereof to the same rights and privileges, except as otherwise provided herein. Except as may
be provided herein or in a Preferred Stock Designation, the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of the assets of the Corporation which are by law available therefor,
dividends payable either in cash, in stock or otherwise. 

(a) Voting Rights . 

(i) Except as provided in Article Six , each registered holder of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of such stock held by such holder. 

(ii) Except as otherwise provided in this Article Four or required by law, 

(A) Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to elect directors of the Corporation as provided for in Section 1 of Article Five ; and 
 (B) Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to vote on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation. 
 (b) Dividends . Any dividend or distribution on the Class B Common Stock shall be payable on shares of Class B Common Stock ratably. 
 (c) Liquidation . In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation,
including the liquidation preferences of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to share ratably in the remaining net assets of the Corporation. Neither the merger or consolidation of the
Corporation, nor the sale, lease or conveyance of all or part of its assets, shall be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntarily or involuntarily, within the meaning of this Section 2(c) . 
 Upon the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the " Effective Time "), each issued share of Class A Common Stock, par value .01 per share (the " Class A Common Stock "), of the Corporation
shall be reclassified, changed and converted into 1.32 shares of Class B Common Stock; provided, however, in lieu of any fractional shares of Class B Common Stock to which any holder of Class A Common Stock would otherwise be entitled pursuant hereto
(aggregating for this purpose all of the shares of Class A Common Stock owned of record by such stockholder), such stockholder shall be entitled to receive a cash payment (the " Cash Payment ") equal to the closing price of the Class B Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation becomes effective multiplied by such fraction. Outstanding stock certificates
registered in the name of each record holder thereof that, prior to the Effective Time, represented issued shares of Class A Common Stock shall, after the Effective Time represent a number of whole shares of Class B Common Stock equal to 1.32 times the
number of shares of Class A Common Stock such certificates represented immediately prior to the Effective Time rounded down to the nearest whole share, plus the right of the record holder thereof to receive the Cash Payment until such certificates are
presented to the Corporation or its transfer agent for transfer or reissue in which event the Corporation or its transfer agent shall issue stock certificates representing the appropriate number of shares of Class B Common Stock plus the Cash Payment. 
 FIVE: The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall consist of such number of directors as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion in accordance with Section 2.1 of the Bylaws of
the Corporation, subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred stock of the Corporation, as set forth in a Preferred Stock Designation, to elect additional Directors under specified circumstances, and shall be subject to the
following provisions: 
 SECTION 1: Election . Holders of Class B Common Stock shall elect all directors of the Corporation (other than directors, if any, which holders of any series of Preferred Stock are entitled to elect pursuant to
the provisions of the certificate of designations establishing such series). 
 Except as otherwise consistent with applicable statutory, regulatory and interpretive restrictions regarding foreign ownership or control of U.S. air carriers, all directors shall be U.S. Citizens (as defined in Article Six, Section 1
 hereof). The election of directors need not be by written ballot except as may otherwise be provided in the Bylaws. In connection with each annual election of directors of the Corporation, the Board of Directors shall nominate the Chief Executive
Officer of the Corporation for election as a director. 
 SIX: 
 SECTION 1. Limitation of Voting Rights . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, at no time shall shares of capital stock of the Corporation be
voted by, or at the direction of, Persons (" Aliens ") who are not " citizens of the United States " as defined in 49 U.S.C. 40102(15), as now in effect or as it may hereafter from time to time be amended (" U.S. Citizens "), unless such shares are registered on the separate stock
record maintained by the Corporation for the registration of ownership of Voting Stock, as defined in the Bylaws, by Aliens. The Bylaws may contain provisions to implement this provision. 

SECTION 2. Bylaws, Etc . 

(a) The Bylaws of the Corporation may make appropriate provisions to effect the requirements of this Article Six . 
 (b) All certificates representing Class B Common Stock or any other Voting Stock of the Corporation are subject to the restrictions set forth in this Article Six . 
 (c) A majority of the directors of the Corporation shall have the exclusive power to determine all matters necessary to determine compliance with this Article Six ; and the good faith determination of a majority of the
directors on such matters shall be conclusive and binding for all the purposes of this Article Six . 

SECTION 3. Beneficial Ownership Inquir y . 

(a) The Corporation may by notice in writing (which may be included in the form of proxy or ballot distributed to stockholders of the Corporation in connection with the annual meeting (or any special meeting) of the stockholders
of the Corporation, or otherwise) require a Person that is a holder of record of equity securities of the Corporation or that the Corporation knows to have, or has reasonable cause to believe has, Beneficial Ownership of equity securities of the
Corporation to certify in such manner as the Corporation shall deem appropriate (including by way of execution of any form of proxy or ballot by such Person) that, to the knowledge of such Person: 
 (i) all equity securities of the Corporation as to which such Person has record ownership or Beneficial Ownership are owned and controlled only by U.S. Citizens; or 
 (ii) the number and class or series of equity securities of the Corporation owned of record or Beneficially Owned by such Person that are owned or controlled by Aliens are as set forth in such certificate. 
 As used herein, " Beneficial Ownership, " " Beneficially Owned, " or " Owned Beneficially " refers to beneficial ownership as defined in Rule 13d-3 (without regard to the 60-day provision in paragraph (d)(1)(i)
thereof) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. As used herein, " Person " means any person or entity of any nature whatsoever, specifically including an individual, a firm, a company, a corporation, a partnership, a trust or other entity. 
 (b) With respect to any equity securities identified by such Person in response to Section 3(a)(ii) of this Article Six , the Corporation may require such Person to provide such further information as the Corporation
may reasonably require in order to implement the provisions of this Article Six . 
 (c) For purposes of applying the provisions of this Article Six with respect to any equity securities of the Corporation, in the event of the failure of any Person to provide the certificate or other information to which
the Corporation is entitled pursuant to this Section 3 , the Corporation shall presume that the equity securities in question are owned or controlled by Aliens. 
 SEVEN: As permitted by the GCL, the approval of the holder of the share of Series B Preferred Stock (the " Special Stock ") of the Corporation that will be issued to Northwest Airlines, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (" 
Northwest "), pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2000 (the " Omnibus Agreement "), among the Corporation, Northwest, Northwest Airlines Holdings Corporation, a Delaware corporation, Northwest Airlines Corporation, a Delaware
corporation, and Air Partners, L.P., a Texas limited partnership, given in writing, shall, until such time as the Special Stock becomes redeemable in accordance with its terms (or the earlier repurchase of the Special Stock by the Corporation), be
necessary to authorize, approve, effect or validate (a) any amendment to the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement by and between the Corporation and ChaseMellon Shareholder Services, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company, as rights agent, or any
successor thereto, as in effect immediately following the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Omnibus Agreement (the " Rights Agreement ") or any successor rights agreement, or the Preferred Shares (as defined in the Rights Agreement) or (b) the redemption of the Rights (as that term is defined in the Rights Agreement) pursuant to Section 23 of the Rights Agreement
or any corresponding provision or provisions of a successor rights agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such approval shall be required if (i) in the case of an amendment to the Rights Agreement, such amendment (taking into account the effect of
such amendment and all other amendments adopted subsequent to the closing of the transactions under the Omnibus Agreement) (A) does not permit a Person that is a Major Carrier (as defined in the Certificate of Designations for the Special Stock) or an
Affiliate (as defined in the Rights Agreement) of a Major Carrier to enter into a particular transaction without becoming an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights Agreement) in such transaction where, but for such amendment, such Person would have
otherwise become an Acquiring Person in such transaction provided , any amendment to the Rights Agreement that designates a Person as an Exempt Person or otherwise exempts a Person from the definition of Acquiring Person shall provide that such Person's status as an Exempt Person (or such Person's
exemption from the definition of Acquiring Person) shall remain effective only for so long as such Person is not a Major Carrier or an Affiliate of a Major Carrier), (B) does not mitigate in any material respect the adverse consequences to a Person as a
result of its becoming an Acquiring Person, (C) does not amend in any material respect Section 27 of the Rights Agreement, (D) does not alter the provisions of Section 23(a) relating to the redemption of the Rights, and (E) does
not extend the time during which the rights may be redeemed; or (ii) in the case of a redemption of the Rights, such redemption is in connection with a bona fide transaction involving one or more Persons, none of which is, or is an Affiliate of, a Major Carrier, which Person or Persons would otherwise become an Acquiring Person in such transaction and which transaction has either a reasonable
likelihood or a purpose of producing, either directly or indirectly, any of the effects described in paragraph (a)(3)(ii) of Rule 13e-3 (as in effect on November 15, 2000) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the
Corporation need not adopt a new rights agreement after such redemption except to the extent required by the following proviso; provided , that in the case of any such redemption or other state of affairs in which a rights agreement in the form of the Rights Agreement (subject to any amendments that may be made without the approval of the holder of the Special Stock (as
described in this Article Seven )) is not in effect with rights having been issued thereunder, the Corporation shall, as applicable, (i) reissue the Rights, or (ii) issue rights pursuant to a rights agreement with provisions identical in all material
respects as those contained in the Rights Agreement (subject to amendments that may be made without the approval of the holder of the Special Stock as described above), in each case as promptly as practicable in the event any class of common stock of the
Corporation becomes registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Except as otherwise expressly provided above and unless the Special Stock becomes redeemable in accordance with its terms or is
repurchased by the Corporation, the Corporation shall take all necessary action to have in effect a rights agreement with terms and conditions identical in all material respects to the terms and conditions of the Rights Agreement (subject to amendments
that may be made without the approval of the holder of the Special Stock as described above) and to issue the rights created thereunder in accordance with such rights agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the definition of Acquiring Person in the
Rights Agreement may be amended by changing all or some of the references therein to 15 to any percentage less than 25 . 
 EIGHT: Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation. 
 NINE: Effective as of the Consummation Date (as defined in the Investment Agreement, dated November 9, 1992, among Air Canada, a Canadian corporation, Air Partners, L.P., a Texas limited partnership, the Corporation and
Continental Airlines Holdings, Inc., as amended), the Corporation elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 TEN: No Director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a Director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the
Director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the GCL, or (iv) for any
transaction from which the Director derived any improper personal benefit. If the GCL is amended after the date of the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the
personal liability of directors, then the liability of a Director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the GCL, as so amended. No amendment to or repeal of this Article Ten shall affect in a manner adverse to any such Director the liability or alleged liability of such Director for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such Director or member occurring prior to such amendment or repeal. 
 ELEVEN: The Corporation shall indemnify, to the full extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware as from time to time in effect, each Director and officer of the Corporation, and may indemnify each employee and agent
of the Corporation, and all other persons whom the Corporation is authorized to indemnify under the provisions of the GCL. 
 TWELVE: The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and any other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of
Delaware at the time in force may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law and this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and subject to the rights, preferences and powers of any series of Preferred Stock as set
forth in a Preferred Stock Designation; and all rights, preferences and privileges of whatsoever nature and conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other Persons whomsoever by and pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in
its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this Article Twelve . 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which restates and integrates and further amends the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this Corporation, and which
has been duly adopted in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, has been executed by its duly authorized officer this 22nd day of January, 2001. 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By: __________________________________ 
 Jeffery A. Smisek 
 Executive Vice President, 
 General Counsel and Secretary 

Exhibit A 
 
 SERIES A JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK 

Section 1. Designation and Amount . The shares of this series shall be designated as "Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock" (the "Series A Preferred Stock") and the number of shares constituting the Series A
Preferred Stock shall be 100,000. Such number of shares may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided , that no decrease shall reduce the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to a number less than the number of shares then outstanding plus the number of shares reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options, rights or
warrants or upon the conversion of any outstanding securities issued by the Corporation convertible into Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Section 2. Dividends and Distributions . 
 (A) Subject to the rights of the holders of any shares of any series of Preferred Stock (or any other stock) ranking prior and superior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, the holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash on the last day of March, June, September and December in each
year (each such date being referred to herein as a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, in an amount (if any)
per share (rounded to the nearest cent), subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 1000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 1000 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all
non-cash dividends or other distributions, other than a dividend payable in shares of Class A Common Stock, par value .01 per share (the "Class A Common Stock"), Class B Common Stock, par value .01 per share (the "Class B Common Stock") or Class D
Common Stock, par value .01 per share (the "Class D Common Stock" and, together with the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock, the "Common Stock"), of the Corporation or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by
reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of
Series A Preferred Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
(by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled
immediately prior to such event under the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which
is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. 
 (B) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the Series A Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (A) of this Section immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the Common Stock
(other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock). 
 (C) Dividends due pursuant to paragraph (A) of this Section shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of
issue of such shares, unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date
of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of
which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock in an amount less than the
total amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of
holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof. 
 Section 3. Voting Rights . The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights: 
 (A) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to 1000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the
Corporation. In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by
reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the number of votes per share to which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
were entitled immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of votes entitled to be cast by the holders of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event
and the denominator of which is the number of votes entitled to be cast by the holders of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. 
 (B) Except as otherwise provided in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, including any other Certificate of Designation creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock, or by law, the holders
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common Stock and any other capital stock of the Corporation having general voting rights shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the
Corporation. 
 (C) Except as set forth herein, or as otherwise required by law, holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to
vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action. 
 Section 4. Certain Restrictions . 
 (A) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions payable on the Series A Preferred Stock as provided in Section 2 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends and
distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the Corporation shall not: 
 (i) declare or pay dividends, or make any other distributions, on any shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock; 
 
 (ii) declare or pay dividends, or make any other distributions, on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Preferred Stock,
except dividends paid ratably on the Series A Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are then entitled; or 
 (iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of any stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock; provided 
 that the Corporation may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such junior stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the Corporation ranking junior (as to dividends and upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the
Series A Preferred Stock. 
 (B) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under paragraph (A) of this
Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner. 
 Section 5. Reacquired Shares . Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be retired and canceled promptly after the acquisition thereof.
The Corporation shall take all such actions as are necessary to cause all such shares to become authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock that may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock subject to the conditions and restrictions on
issuance set forth herein or in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, including any Certificate of Designation creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock, or as otherwise required by law. 
 
 Section 6. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up . Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive an aggregate
amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 1000 times the aggregate amount to be distributed per share to holders of shares of Common Stock plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends. In the
event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise
than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the aggregate amount to which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such
event under the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of
Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. 
 Section 7. Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other
stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed into an amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set
forth, equal to 1000 times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at
any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend
in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the amount set forth in the preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or change of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by
multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to
such event. 
 Section 8. Amendment . The Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall not be amended in any manner, including in a merger or consolidation, which would alter, change, or repeal the powers, preferences or special
rights of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class. 
 Section 9. Rank . The Series A Preferred Stock shall rank, with respect to the payment of dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up, junior to all series of Preferred Stock. 

</EX-3>

<EX-3>
 3
 exhibit31b.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1(B)

ST B Draft 11/10/00 

Exhibit 3.1(b) 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS OF 
 
 SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK 
 (Par Value 0.01) 
 
 OF 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 __________________________________ 
 
 Pursuant to Section 151 of the 
 General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware 
 __________________________________ 

 Continental Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, acting in accordance with Section 151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, does hereby submit the following Certificate of Designations of its Series B Preferred Stock. 

 FIRST: The name of the corporation is Continental Airlines, Inc. (the " Corporation " ). 

 SECOND: On November 15, 2000, and in accordance with authority conferred upon the Series B Preferred Committee (the "Committee" by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the " Board ") in accordance with the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as the same may be amended or modified from time to time, the " Certificate of Incorporation " and the Bylaws of the Corporation , the Committee adopted the following resolutions: 

 WHEREAS, the Certificate of Incorporation authorizes 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value .01 per share (the " Preferred Stock " ), issuable from time to time in one or more series; 

 WHEREAS , the Committee is authorized to establish and fix the number of shares to be included in a series of Preferred Stock and the designations, rights, preferences, powers, restrictions and limitations of the shares of such series in
connection with the "Omnibus Agreement" (as defined below); 

 WHEREAS , the Committee deems it advisable to establish a series of Preferred Stock, designated as Series B Preferred Stock, par value .01 per share; and 

 WHEREAS, the sole share of such series is to be issued to Northwest Airlines, Inc. (" Northwest "), at the closing of the transactions contemplated by, and as an inducement to the Northwest Parties (as defined below) to enter into,
the Omnibus Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2000 (the " Omnibus Agreement " ), among Northwest, Northwest Airlines Holdings Corporation, Northwest Airlines Corporation, Air Partners, L.P. (together, the " Northwest Parties " and the Corporation, and in connection with the amendment to
the Master Alliance Agreement dated as of January 25, 1998 between Northwest and the Corporation (the " Master Alliance Agreement " ), which amendment is being entered into pursuant to, and will be effective at the Effective Time as defined in, the Omnibus Agreement; 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the series of Preferred Stock designated as Series B Preferred Stock, is hereby authorized and established; and 

 FURTHER, RESOLVED, that the Committee does hereby fix and determine the designations, rights, preferences, powers, restrictions and limitations of the Series B Preferred Stock as follows: 

 Section 1. Number of Shares and Designation . 

The designation of the series of Preferred Stock created by this resolution shall be "Series B Preferred Stock" (hereinafter called this " Series " ), and the number of shares constituting this Series shall be one (the "Share"). The
Share shall have a stated value of 100 and a liquidation preference of 100 (the " Liquidation Preference " ), as described herein. The number of authorized shares of this Series shall not be increased or reduced without the affirmative vote or written consent of the holder of the Share, voting separately as a class. 

Section 2. Dividends . 

No dividends shall be payable in respect of the Share. 

Section 3. Redemption . 

(1) The Share shall not be redeemable by the Corporation except that it may be redeemed, at the option of the Corporation, for an amount equal to the Liquidation Preference upon or following the occurrence of any one of following (each, a " 
Redemption Event " ): 

(A) the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, option or other disposition of the Share or any of the beneficial or voting interest therein (other than a voting interest that does not constitute an Encumbrance (as defined below), including any
security derivative of such interest, by any of the Northwest Parties or their respective successors to any other Person, other than to a successor in interest to Northwest by operation of law that owns directly all or substantially all of the Airline
Assets owned by Northwest, or the Encumbrance of the Share by any of the Northwest Parties or their respective successors; 

 (B) a NW Change of Control, unless the Corporation shall have previously notified Northwest in writing that a NW Change of Control will not be deemed to occur by virtue of the relevant event; 

 (C) any of the Northwest Parties committing (i) an inadvertent breach of any provision of Section 1.01, Section 1.03(a) or Section 1.04 of the Standstill Agreement being entered into by the Corporation and certain of the Northwest Parties in
accordance with the Omnibus Agreement that is not cured within fifteen days of receipt by Northwest of notice from the Corporation of such breach or (ii) any other breach in any material respect of Section 1.01, 1.03(a) or 1.04 or any breach in any
material respect of Section 1.02, 1.03(b), 1.03(c), 1.03(d), 1.03(e), 1.03(f) or 1.03(g) (but only to the extent that the actions covered by Section 1.03(g) relate to Section 1.03(b), 1.03(c), 1.03(d), 1.03(e) or 1.03(f)) of the Standstill Agreement; 

 (D) the taking of any action by any of the Northwest Parties which has the effect or result of, or any of the Northwest Parties otherwise causing, any of them to become an "Acquiring Person" under the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement (as
defined in the Omnibus Agreement), as amended from time to time (the " Rights Agreement " ), or any successor agreement; or 

 (E) the Master Alliance Agreement, as amended from time to time, being terminated or expiring, other than as a result of a breach or wrongful termination thereof by the Corporation or its successor thereunder. 

(2) Notice of redemption of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be sent by or on behalf of the Corporation, by first class mail, postage prepaid, to Northwest at its address as it shall appear on the records of the Corporation, (i) notifying
Northwest of the redemption of the Share and (ii) stating the place at which the certificate evidencing the Share shall be surrendered. The Corporation shall act as the transfer agent for the Series B Preferred Stock. 

 (3) From and after the notice of redemption having been duly given, and the redemption price having been paid or irrevocably set aside for payment, the Share shall no longer be, or be deemed to be, outstanding for any purpose, and all rights,
preference and powers (including voting rights and powers) of the holder of the Share shall automatically cease and terminate, except the right of Northwest, upon surrender of the certificate for the Share, to receive the redemption price. 

Section 4. Voting . 

Neither the Share nor its holder (in respect of the Share) shall have any voting rights or powers either general or special, except: 

(1) As required by law; 

(2) The affirmative vote or written consent of the holder of the Share, voting separately as a class, given in person or by proxy, shall be necessary for authorizing, approving, effecting or validating: 

(A) the amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or any certificate amendatory thereto or supplemental thereto (including this Certificate of Designations), whether by merger, consolidation or
otherwise, that would adversely affect the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating or other rights of the Share; 

 (B) any amendment, alteration or repeal of, or the adoption of any provision inconsistent with, any of the provisions of Article SEVEN of the Certificate of Incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise; 

 (C) any CO Change of Control (as defined below), with respect to which the stockholders of Continental or its successor are entitled to vote, whether pursuant to applicable law or the rules of the national securities exchange or market system on
which the common stock of the Corporation or its successor is principally traded; 

 (D) any dividend or distribution of all or substantially all of the Airline Assets (as defined below), including a dividend or distribution that includes the shares of any Subsidiary holding, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the
Airline Assets, of the Corporation or its successor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (other than a dividend or distribution to a Holding Company the creation of which was previously subject to clause (F) below), whether as part of a single dividend
or distribution or a related series thereof; 

 (E) any sale, transfer or other disposition, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation or its successor of all or substantially all of its Airline Assets to one or more of its Affiliates in one or a series of related transactions, provided 
that no such vote shall be required if (x) each such transferee of assets issues to Northwest or its successor, for a purchase price of 100, a share of preferred stock of such transferee having powers, designations, preferences and relative,
participating or other rights, and restrictions and limitations thereof, with respect to such transferee that are identical to the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating or other rights, and restrictions and limitations thereof, of
this Series with respect to the Corporation, provided , that such newly issued share may differ from the Share as may be reasonably necessary and appropriate to reflect that such new entity and not the Corporation is the issuer thereof or any other non-material changes that do not adversely
affect the rights of the holder thereof, (y) a rights plan with terms and conditions identical in all material respects to those provided under the Rights Agreement (except that any Person that would otherwise be an Acquiring Person (as defined in the
Rights Agreement) as a result of or in connection with any transaction may be designated as an "Exempt Person" thereunder to the extent that, and only for so long as, such Acquiring Person is not a Major Carrier or an Affiliate of a Major Carrier, and
other terms and conditions may be changed if such changes would be permitted under Article SEVEN of the Certificate of Incorporation) is established at each such transferee that has outstanding capital stock registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and provided, that the initial exercise price established therein is established at a level based upon reasonable and customary valuation practices substantially consistent with those used in
establishing the exercise price in the predecessor agreement to the Rights Agreement, and (z) the certificate of incorporation of each such entity issuing a share of preferred stock in accordance with clause (x) of this paragraph contains provisions in
form and substance identical to Article SEVEN of the Certificate of Incorporation, subject to appropriate modifications, if applicable, as may be necessary to reflect that a rights plan may not yet be required to be put into effect; 

 (F) any reorganization or restructuring of, or any other transaction involving, the Corporation or its successor and any of its Subsidiaries the effect of which is to create a new Holding Company (as defined below) other than a transaction subject
to Section 4(2)(G), provided that no such vote shall be required if (x) such Holding Company is not a Major Carrier or an Affiliate of a Major Carrier, and it and each of its Subsidiaries owning Airline Assets issue to Northwest or its successor, for a purchase price
of 100, a share of a series of preferred stock of each such company having powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating or other rights, and restrictions and limitations thereof, with respect to each such company that are identical to
the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating or other rights, and restrictions and limitations thereof, of this Series with respect to the Corporation, provided , that such newly issued share may differ from the Share as may be reasonably necessary and appropriate to reflect that such new entity and not the Corporation is the issuer thereof or any other non-material changes that do not adversely
affect the rights of the holder thereof, (y) a rights plan with identical terms and conditions in all material respects to those provided under the Rights Agreement (except that any Person that would otherwise be an Acquiring Person (as defined in the
Rights Agreement) as a result of or in connection with any transaction may be designated as an "Exempt Person" thereunder to the extent that, and only for so long as, such Acquiring Person is not a Major Carrier or an Affiliate of a Major Carrier, and
other terms and conditions may be changed if such changes would be permitted under Article SEVEN of the Certificate of Incorporation) is established at such new Holding Company and each such Subsidiary that has outstanding capital stock registered under
Section 12(b) or 12(g) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and provided, that the initial exercise price established therein is established at a level based upon reasonable and customary valuation practices substantially consistent with
those used in establishing the exercise price in the predecessor agreement to the Rights Agreement, and (z) the certificate of incorporation of each such entity issuing a share of preferred stock in accordance with clause (x) of this paragraph contains
provisions in form and substance identical to Article SEVEN of the Certificate of Incorporation, subject to appropriate modifications, if applicable, as may be necessary to reflect that a rights plan may not yet be required to be put into effect; or 

 (G) any transaction involving the establishment of a new Holding Company, whether as a result of a reorganization, restructuring or otherwise, which new Holding Company does not and will not upon consummation of such transaction have any
outstanding Capital Stock registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any transaction involving the Corporation or its successor that has either a reasonable likelihood or a purpose of producing,
either directly or indirectly, any of the effects described in paragraph (a)(3)(ii) of Rule 13e-3 (as in effect on the date of issuance of the Share) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (a "Going Private Transaction" ), provided that no such vote shall be required if (1) no later than the consummation of such Going Private Transaction or the consummation of the transaction resulting in such new Holding Company, as applicable,
each remaining holder of the common stock of Continental or its successor upon consummation of such Going Private Transaction, or each holder of outstanding Capital Stock of such new Holding Company (other than, in the case of a Holding Company that is a
limited partnership, limited partners thereof that are not Affiliates of any general partner thereof), as applicable, executes and delivers a transfer restriction agreement to Northwest or its successor in the form of Exhibit 12 to the Omnibus Agreement,
and until Continental or such Holding Company, as applicable, has outstanding Capital Stock registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Continental or such Holding Company, as applicable, agrees to
require any Person acquiring Capital Stock from Continental or such Holding Company, as applicable, subject to the preceding parenthetical, likewise to execute and deliver such agreement to Northwest, (2) each of the share certificates representing common
stock of Continental or Capital Stock of such Holding Company, as applicable, bears an appropriate legend in accordance with applicable law as to the agreement described in clause (1), and (3) the certificate of incorporation of such new Holding
Company contains provisions in form and substance identical to Article SEVEN of the Certificate of Incorporation, subject to appropriate modifications as may be necessary to reflect that a rights plan is not yet required to be put into effect. 

(3) The voting rights and powers set forth in Sections 4(2)(B), 4(2)(C), 4(2)(D), 4(2)(E), 4(2)(F) and 4(2)(G) shall automatically terminate if the Share becomes redeemable in accordance with Section 3 hereof. 

Section 5. Liquidation Rights . 

(1) Upon the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, the holder of the Share shall be entitled to receive and to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, before any payment or
distribution shall be made on the common stock of the Corporation or on any other class of stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock upon liquidation, the amount of 100, and no more. 

 (2) Neither the sale of all or substantially all of the assets or capital stock of the Corporation, nor the merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with any other corporation or the merger or consolidation of any other corporation into
or with the Corporation, shall be deemed to be a dissolution, liquidation or winding up, voluntary or involuntary, for the purposes of this Section 5. 

 (3) After the payment to the holder of the Share of the full preferential amount provided for in this Section 5, the holder of the Share as such shall have no right or claim to any of the remaining assets of the Corporation. 

Section 6. Ranking . 

For purposes of this resolution, any stock of any class or classes of the Corporation, other than the Class B Common Stock of the Corporation (as the same may be reclassified, changed or amended from time to time), shall be deemed to rank prior to the
Share upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

Section 7. No Additional Rights. 

Except as required by law and except as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, neither the Series B Preferred Stock nor the holder of the Share, in respect of the Share, shall be entitled to any rights, powers or preferences other than those
set forth in this resolution. 

Section 8. Definitions . 

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Certificate of Designation shall have the following meanings in this Certificate of Designation: 

"Affiliate" means, as applied to a Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, that Person. For purposes of this definition " control " (including, with correlative meanings, the
terms " controlling ", " controlled by " and " under common control with "), as applied to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of that Person,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

 "Airline Assets" means those assets used, as of the date of determination, in the relevant Person's operation as an air carrier. 

 "Beneficial Ownership" has the meaning given such term in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

 "Capital Stock" of any Person means any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, options, warrants, participation or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) the equity of such Person, including any preferred stock. 

 "CO Change of Control" means: 
 (i) a merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation, tender or exchange offer, private purchase, business combination, recapitalization or similar transaction as a result of which (A) a Major Carrier or a Holding Company of a Major Carrier and
a Continental Affected Company are legally combined, (B) a Major Carrier, any of its Affiliates, or any combination thereof acquires, directly or indirectly, Beneficial Ownership of 25 or more of the Capital Stock or Voting Power of a Continental
Affected Company, or (C) a Continental Affected Company acquires, directly or indirectly, Beneficial Ownership of 25 or more of the Capital Stock or Voting Power of a Major Carrier; 

 (ii) the liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation or its successor in connection with which the Corporation or such successor ceases operations as an air carrier; 

 (iii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Airline Assets of Continental (or its successor) and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis directly or indirectly to a Major Carrier, any Affiliate of a Major Carrier
or any combination thereof, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions; 

 (iv) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the trans-Atlantic route network or the Latin American route network of the Corporation or its successor other than to an Affiliate of the Corporation; 

 (v) the direct or indirect acquisition by a Major Carrier, any of its Affiliates or any combination thereof of Beneficial Ownership of 25 or more of the Capital Stock or Voting Power of a Continental Affected Company; 

 (vi) the direct or indirect acquisition, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, by a Continental Affected Company of Airline Assets and associated employees, which Airline Assets on a stand alone basis would have pro
forma annual passenger revenues for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters for which financial statements can be reasonably prepared in excess of the Revenue Threshold; or 

 (vii) the execution by a Continental Affected Company of bona fide definitive agreements, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by which would result in a transaction described in the immediately preceding clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv),
(v) or (vi). 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) in no event shall a commercial cooperation agreement (such as the Northwest-KLM trans-Atlantic joint venture), which involves a Major Carrier or any of its Affiliates and a Continental Affected Party, which consists
of code sharing, a joint venture or similar arrangement and which does not involve a sale, transfer, or acquisition of Airline Assets, be deemed to be a CO Change of Control, and (B) any such commercial cooperation agreement, which involves a Major
Carrier or any of its Affiliates and a Continental Affected Party, which consists of code sharing, a joint venture or similar arrangement but which does involve a sale, transfer, or acquisition of Airline Assets, shall be deemed to be a CO Change of
Control only if such transaction is otherwise within the scope of one or more of the preceding clauses (i) through (vii). 

 "Continental Affected Company" means (a) the Corporation and its successor, (b) any Holding Company of the Corporation, or (c) any Subsidiary of the Corporation or its successor or of any Holding Company of the Corporation, that in any such
case owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Airline Assets of the Corporation or its successor, such Holding Companies of the Corporation and such Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

 "Encumbrance" means the direct or indirect grant by any Northwest Party or its successor to any other Person of the sole or shared power or right to vote or consent, or direct the voting or consenting of, the Share in any respect, whether by
proxy, voting agreement, arrangement, or understanding (written or otherwise) voting trust, or otherwise (other than a revocable proxy granted to any director, officer or employee of a Northwest Party or the Corporation, or any counsel for any Northwest
Party, or any corporate trust officer of Wilmington Trust Company or a national trust company solely for the limited purpose of voting the Share, the instructions for which are given solely by the relevant Northwest Party), or by joining a partnership,
limited partnership, syndicate or other voting group or otherwise acting in concert with another Person (other than a revocable proxy referred to above) for the purpose or with the effect of voting or directing the vote of the Share. 

 "Holding Company" means, as applied to a Person, any other Person of whom such Person is, directly or indirectly, a Subsidiary. 

 "Institutional Investor" shall mean an institutional or other passive investor who, with respect to the securities relating to Voting Power that are the subject of the definition of Subsidiary herein, would be entitled to file a Statement on
Schedule 13G (and not required to file a Statement on Schedule 13D) with respect to such securities under the rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in effect on November 15, 2000, but only so long as such investor would
not be required to file a Statement on Schedule 13D with respect to such securities. 

 "Major Carrier" means an air carrier (other than the Corporation and its successors and any Subsidiary thereof or Northwest Airlines Corporation and its successors and any Subsidiary thereof), the annual passenger revenues of which (including
its Subsidiaries' predecessor entities) for the most recently completed fiscal year for which audited financial statements are available are in excess of the Revenue Threshold as of the date of determination (or the U.S. dollar equivalent thereof). 

 "Northwest Affected Company" means (a) Northwest Airlines Corporation, Northwest and their respective successors, (b) any Holding Company of Northwest Airlines Corporation or Northwest, or (c) any Subsidiary of Northwest Airlines Corporation,
Northwest or their respective successors or of any Holding Company or their respective successors, that in any such case owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Airline Assets of Northwest Airlines Corporation, Northwest or their
respective successors, such Holding Companies of Northwest Airlines Corporation, Northwest and such Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

 "NW Change of Control" means: 
 (i) a merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation, tender or exchange offer, private purchase, business combination, recapitalization or similar transaction as a result of which (A) a Major Carrier or a Holding Company of a Major Carrier and
a Northwest Affected Company are legally combined, (B) a Major Carrier, any of its Affiliates or any combination thereof acquires, directly or indirectly, Beneficial Ownership of 25 or more of the Capital Stock or Voting Power of a Northwest Affected
Company, or (C) a Northwest Affected Company acquires, directly or indirectly, Beneficial Ownership of 25 or more of the Capital Stock or Voting Power of a Major Carrier; 

 (ii) the liquidation or dissolution of Northwest or its successor in connection with which Northwest or such successor ceases operations as an air carrier; 

 (iii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Airline Assets of Northwest Airlines Corporation (or its successor) and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis directly or indirectly to a Major Carrier, any Affiliate
of a Major Carrier or any combination thereof, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions; 

 (iv) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the transpacific route network of Northwest or its successor other than to an Affiliate of Northwest; 

 (v) the direct or indirect acquisition by a Major Carrier, any of its Affiliates or any combination thereof of Beneficial Ownership of 25 or more of the Capital Stock or Voting Power of a Northwest Affected Company; 

 (vi) the direct or indirect acquisition, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, by a Northwest Affected Company of Airline Assets and associated employees, which Airline Assets on a stand alone basis would have pro forma
annual passenger revenues for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters for which financial statements can be reasonably prepared in excess of the Revenue Threshold; or 

 (vii) the execution by a Northwest Affected Company of bona fide definitive agreements, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by which would result in a transaction described in the immediately preceding clauses (i), (ii), (iii) (iv), (v)
or (vi). 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) in no event shall a commercial cooperation agreement (such as the Northwest-KLM trans-Atlantic joint venture), which involves a Major Carrier or any of its Affiliates and a Northwest Affected Party, which consists of
code sharing, a joint venture or similar arrangement and which does not involve a sale, transfer, or acquisition of Airline Assets, be deemed to be a NW Change of Control, and (B) any such commercial cooperation agreement, which involves a Major Carrier
or any of its Affiliates and a Northwest Affected Party, which consists of code sharing, a joint venture or similar arrangement but which does involve a sale, transfer, or acquisition of Airline Assets, shall be deemed to be a NW Change of Control only if
such transaction is otherwise within the scope of one or more of the preceding clauses (i) through (vii). 

 "Revenue Threshold" means one billion dollars 1,000,000,000), as such amount may be increased based on the amount by which, for any date of determination, the most recently published Consumer Price Index for all-urban consumers published by
the Department of Labor (the "CPI") has increased to such date above the CPI for calendar year 2000. For purposes hereof, the CPI for calendar year 2000 is the monthly average of the CPI for the 12 months ending on December 31, 2000. 

 "Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation, business trust, joint stock company, limited liability company, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity of whatever nature. 

 "Subsidiary" (i) of any Person (other than an Institutional Investor) means any corporation, association, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which more than 40 of the total Voting Power thereof or
the Capital Stock thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (1) such Person, (2) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or (3) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person and (ii) of any Institutional Investor
means any corporation, association, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which more than 50 of the total Voting Power thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly, by such Institutional Investor. 

 "Voting Power" means, as of the date of determination, the voting power in the general election of directors, managers or trustees, as applicable. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Designation to be signed by its duly authorized officer this 22nd day of January, 2001. 

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By: _______________________________ 
 Jeffery A. Smisek 
 Executive Vice President, 
 General Counsel and Secretary 

</EX-3>

<EX-3>
 4
 exhibit31c.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1(C)

Exhibit 3 

Exhibit 3.1(c) 
 
 The Share represented by this Certificate is subject to transfer restrictions and other terms. See reverse side of this Certificate. 

Number 
 
 P(B)-1 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Shares 
 
 1 

INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE 

PAR VALUE 0.01 

Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 This is to certify that Northwest Airlines, Inc. is the owner of One and No/100 fully paid and non-assessable share of the Series B Preferred Stock of Continental Airlines, Inc. transferable on the books
of the Corporation by the holder hereof in person or by duly authorized attorney upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed. 
 In Witness Whereof , the undersigned have executed this certificate as of the ____ day of ______, 200_. 

_______________________________________________________ _____________________________________________________________ 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SECRETARY OR ASSISTANT SECRETARY 

Transfer Restrictions 
 
 THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER (THE 1933 ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAW OF ANY
STATE; AND SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED OTHER THAN IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 1933 ACT OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM AND UPON THE ISSUANCE TO THE CORPORATION OF A FAVORABLE OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE
REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE CORPORATION TO THE EFFECT THAT ANY SUCH TRANSFER OR SALE SHALL NOT BE IN VIOLATION OF THE 1933 ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE. 
 
 THE CORPORATION WILL FURNISH WITHOUT CHARGE TO EACH STOCKHOLDER WHO SO REQUESTS, A STATEMENT OF THE POWERS, DESIGNATIONS, PREFERENCES AND RELATIVE, PARTICIPATING, OPTIONAL OR OTHER SPECIAL RIGHTS OF EACH CLASS OF STOCK OR SERIES
THEREOF AND THE QUALIFICATIONS, LIMITATIONS OR RESTRICTIONS OF SUCH PREFERENCES AND/OR RIGHTS. 
 
 THE RIGHTS OF PERSONS WHO ARE NOT CITIZENS OF THE UNITED STATES (AS DEFINED IN 49 U.S.C. 1301(16), AS NOW IN EFFECT OR AS HEREAFTER AMENDED) TO VOTE THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN
RESTRICTIONS CONTAINED IN THE RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS OF THE CORPORATION, COPIES OF WHICH ARE ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF THE CORPORATION. 

Assignment 
 
 For value received, ______________________ hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE 

_______________________________________________________________________ 
 (PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE) 
 
 __________________________________ the share represented by the within Certificate, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ___________________________ Attorney to transfer the said share on the books of the Corporation with
full power of substitution in the premises. 
 
 Dated ______________________ _______________________ 
 
 In the presence of ______________________________________________ 

</EX-3>

<EX-3>
 5
 exhibit32.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.2

BY-LAWS 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

BYLAWS 
 
 OF 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

Including all amendments through February 6, 2001 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I Stockholders 
 
 Section 1.1 Annual Meeting 
 Section 1.2 Special Meetings 
 Section 1.3 Place of Meeting 
 Section 1.4 Notice of Meetings 
 Section 1.5 Quorum 
 Section 1.6 Voting 
 Section 1.7 Presiding Officer and Secretary 
 Section 1.8 Proxies 
 Section 1.9 List of Stockholders 
 Section 1.10 Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations 
 Section 1.11 Inspectors of Elections; Opening and Closing the Polls 
 ARTICLE II Directors 
 
 Section 2.1 Powers and Duties of Directors; Number 
 Section 2.2 Election; Term; Vacancies 
 Section 2.3 Resignation 
 Section 2.4 Removal 
 Section 2.5 Meetings 
 Section 2.6 Quorum and Voting 
 Section 2.7 Written Consent of Directors in Lieu of a Meeting 
 Section 2.8 Compensation 
 
 ARTICLE III Committees of the Board of Directors 
 
 Section 3.1 Creation 
 Section 3.2 Committee Procedure 
 Section 3.3 Certain Definitions 
 ARTICLE IV Officers, Agents and Employees 
 
 Section 4.1 Appointment and Term of Office 
 Section 4.2 Resignation and Removal 
 Section 4.3 Compensation and Bond 
 Section 4.4 Chairman of the Board 
 Section 4.5 Chief Executive Officer 
 Section 4.6 President 
 Section 4.7 Chief Operating Officer 
 Section 4.8 Vice Presidents 
 Section 4.9 Treasurer 
 Section 4.10 Secretary 
 Section 4.11 Assistant Treasurers 
 Section 4.12 Assistant Secretaries 
 Section 4.13 Delegation of Duties 
 Section 4.14 Loans to Officers and Employees; Guaranty of 
 Obligations of Officers and Employees 
 ARTICLE V Limitation of Liability and Indemnification 
 
 Section 5.1 Limitation of Liability of Directors 
 Section 5.2 Mandatory Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 Section 5.3 Permissive Indemnification of Non-Officer Employees and Agents 
 Section 5.4 General Provisions 
 ARTICLE VI Common Stock 
 
 Section 6.1 Certificates 
 Section 6.2 Transfers of Stock 
 Section 6.3 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates 
 Section 6.4 Stockholder Record Date 
 ARTICLE VII Ownership by Aliens 
 
 Section 7.1 Foreign Stock Record 
 Section 7.2 Maximum Percentage 
 Section 7.3 Recording of Shares 
 ARTICLE VIII General Provisions 
 
 Section 8.1 Fiscal Year 
 Section 8.2 Dividends 
 Section 8.3 Checks, Notes, Drafts, Etc. 
 Section 8.4 Corporate Seal 
 Section 8.5 Waiver of Notice 
 ARTICLE IX Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Govern 
 Section 9.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Govern 
 
 BYLAWS 

 OF 

 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

 Incorporated under the Laws of the State of Delaware 

ARTICLE I Stockholders 
 
 Section 1.1 Annual Meeting . The annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation for the election of Directors and for the transaction of any other proper business shall be held at such time and date in
each year as the Board of Directors may determine from time to time. The annual meeting in each year shall be held at such place within or without the State of Delaware as may be fixed by the Board of Directors, or if not so fixed, at the principal
business office of the Corporation. 
 Section 1.2 Special Meetings . Subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred stock of the Corporation, or any other series or class of stock as set forth in the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as it may be amended from time to time in accordance with its terms and applicable law, the "Restated Certificate of Incorporation"), to elect additional Directors under specified circumstances,
special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by (i) stockholders holding Common Stock constituting more than 50 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer or (iii) the Board of Directors. 
 Section 1.3 Place of Meeting . The Board of Directors may designate the place of meeting for any meeting of the stockholders. If no designation is made by the Board of Directors, the place of meeting
shall be the principal executive offices of the Corporation. 
 Section 1.4 Notice of Meetings . Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, unless notice is waived in writing or by electronic transmission by all stockholders
entitled to vote at the meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose for which the meeting is called. 
 Unless otherwise provided by law, and except as to any stockholder duly waiving notice, the notice of any meeting shall be given personally or by mail or by electronic transmission in the manner provided by law, not less than ten
nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, notice shall be deemed given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his or her address as it
appears on the records of the Corporation. 
 When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned
meeting the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If, however, the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice
of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 Section 1.5 Quorum . Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws in respect of the vote required for a specified action, at any meeting of
stockholders the holders of a majority of the aggregate voting power of the outstanding stock entitled to vote thereat, either present or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of any business, but the stockholders present,
although less than a quorum, may adjourn the meeting to another time or place and, except as provided in the last paragraph of Section 1.4 , notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting. 
 Section 1.6 Voting . Except as otherwise provided by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, whenever Directors are to be elected at a meeting, they shall be elected by a plurality of
the votes cast at the meeting by the holders of stock entitled to vote. Whenever any corporate action, other than the election of Directors, is to be taken by vote of stockholders at a meeting, it shall be authorized by a majority of the votes cast at
the meeting by the holders of stock entitled to vote thereon, except as otherwise required by law, by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. 
 Except as otherwise provided by law, or by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, each holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote on any matter at any meeting of stockholders shall be entitled
to one vote for each share of such stock standing in the name of such holder on the stock ledger of the Corporation on the record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 Upon the demand of any stockholder entitled to vote, the vote for Directors or the vote on any other matter at a meeting shall be by written ballot, but otherwise the method of voting and the manner in which votes are counted shall
be discretionary with the presiding officer at the meeting. 
 Section 1.7 Presiding Officer and Secretary . At every meeting of stockholders the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, as designated by the Board of Directors, or, if neither is present,
or in the absence of any such designation, the appointee of the meeting, shall preside. The Secretary, or in his or her absence an Assistant Secretary, or if none be present, the appointee of the presiding officer of the meeting, shall act as secretary
of the meeting. 
 Section 1.8 Proxies . Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for him or her by proxy executed in writing by the stockholder or as
otherwise permitted by law, or by his or her duly authorized attorney-in-fact. Such proxy must be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation or his or her representative at or before the time of the meeting. 
 Section 1.9 List of Stockholders . The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the
stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder
in the manner provided by law. The list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting as provided by law. 
 The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to which stockholders are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger or the list required by this Section 1.9 , or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of
stockholders. 
 Section 1.10 Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations . 

Annual Meetings of Stockholders . 

(1) Subject to Section 2.2 of these Bylaws, nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation and the proposal of business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of
stockholders (a) pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting delivered pursuant to Section 1.4 of these Bylaws, (b) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (c) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote at the meeting, who complied with the notice procedures set forth in clauses (2) and (3) of
paragraph (A) of this Section 1.10 and who was a stockholder of record at the time such notice is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation. 
 (2) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (c) of paragraph (A) (1) of this Section 1.10 , the stockholder must have given timely notice
thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than seventy days nor more than ninety days prior to the first
anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than twenty days, or delayed by more than seventy days, from such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder
to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the ninetieth day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the seventieth day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public
announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. Such stockholder's notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a Director all information relating to such person that is
required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of Directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), including such person's written
consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a Director if elected; (b) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before
the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (c) as to the stockholder giving the notice and
the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation's books, and of such beneficial owner and (ii) the class and number of shares of the
Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner. 
 (3) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of paragraph (A) (2) of this Section 1.10 to the contrary, in the event that the number of Directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no
public announcement naming all of the nominees for Director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the Corporation at least eighty days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's
notice required by this Section 1.10 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close
of business on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 (B) Special Meeting of Stockholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting pursuant
to Section 1.4 of these Bylaws. Subject to Section 2.2 of these Bylaws, nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which Directors are to be elected pursuant to the
Corporation's notice of meeting (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote at the meeting, who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.10 and who is a stockholder of record at the time such notice is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation. Nominations by stockholders of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at such a special meeting of
stockholders if the stockholder's notice as required by paragraph (A) (2) of this Section 1.10 shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the ninetieth day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the seventieth day
prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. 
 (C) General . (1) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.10 shall be eligible to serve as Directors and only such business shall be conducted
at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.10 . Except as otherwise provided by law, the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before
the meeting was made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.10 and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with this Section 1.10 , to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded. 
 (2) For purposes of this Section 1.10 , "public announcement" shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly
filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 (3) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.10, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters
set forth in this Section 1.10 . Nothing in this Section 1.10 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. Section 1.11 
Inspectors of Elections; Opening and Closing the Polls . The Board of Directors by resolution shall appoint one or more inspectors, which inspector or inspectors may include individuals who serve the Corporation in other capacities,
including, without limitation, as officers, employees, agents or representatives of the Corporation, to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. One or more persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails
to act. If no inspector or alternate has been appointed to act, or if all inspectors or alternates who have been appointed are unable to act, at the meeting of stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the
meeting. Each inspector, before discharging his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspectors shall have the duties
prescribed by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "GCL"). 
 The chairman of the meeting shall fix and announce at the meeting the time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting. 

ARTICLE II Directors 

 Section 2.1 Powers and Duties of Directors; Number . The business of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors, which may exercise all such powers of the
Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, by these Bylaws, or by law. Except as otherwise permitted by or consistent with
Foreign Ownership Restrictions (as defined below), at no time shall more than one-third of the Directors in office be Aliens (as defined in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation). The Board shall adopt the Annual Capital Expenditure Budget and the
Annual Financial Plan, both as defined in Section 3.3 , for each fiscal year not later than the last day of the preceding fiscal year or at such later time as shall be determined by resolution of the Board. "Foreign Ownership Restrictions" means applicable statutory, regulatory and
interpretive restrictions regarding foreign ownership or control of U.S. air carriers as amended or modified from time to time. 
 The number of Directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors (provided that no decrease in the number of Directors which would have the
effect of shortening the term of an incumbent Director may be made by the Board of Directors). If the Board of Directors makes no such determination, the number of Directors shall be thirteen. 
 Section 2.2 Election; Term; Vacancies . Each Director shall hold office until the next annual election and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation
or removal. The Directors shall be elected annually by the stockholders in the manner specified by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws, except that if there be a vacancy in the Board of Directors by reason of death, resignation or
otherwise, such vacancy may also be filled for the unexpired term by a majority affirmative vote of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 2.3 Resignation . Any Director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified
therein or, if the time be not specified, upon receipt thereof, and the acceptance of such resignation, unless required by the terms thereof, shall not be necessary to make such resignation effective. 
 Section 2.4 Removal . Any Director may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by vote at a meeting or written consent of the holders of stock entitled to vote on the election of such Director
pursuant to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 Section 2.5 Meetings . 
 (A) Annual Meeting . Immediately after each annual meeting of stockholders, the duly elected Directors shall hold an inaugural meeting for the purpose of organization, election of officers, and the transaction
of other business, at such place as shall be fixed by the person presiding at the meeting of stockholders at which such Directors are elected. 
 (B) Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held on such dates and at such times and places as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors; provided , that regular
meetings of the Board of Directors can be waived at the request of the Chief Executive Officer if at least a majority of the Directors agree in writing or by electronic transmission to such waiver at least seven days before the date of the meeting to be
so waived. The Secretary shall forward to each Director, at least five days before any such regular meeting, a notice of the time and place of the meeting, together with the agenda for the meeting or in lieu thereof a notice of waiver if the regular
meeting has been waived. 
 (C) Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the Executive Committee, the Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the Directors, at such time and place
as shall be specified in the notice or waiver thereof. Notice of each special meeting, including the time and place of the meeting and the agenda therefor, shall be given by the Secretary or by the person calling the meeting to each Director by causing
the same to be delivered personally or by facsimile transmission not later than the close of business on the second day next preceding the day of the meeting. 
 (D) Location; Methods of Participation . Meetings of the Board of Directors, regular or special, may be held at any place within or without the State of Delaware at such place as is indicated in the notice or waiver
of notice thereof. Members of the Board of Directors, or of any committee designated by the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of
which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 Section 2.6 Quorum and Voting . A majority of the total number of Directors (excluding those who must recuse themselves by law) (" Recused Directors ") shall constitute a quorum for the transaction
of business, but, if there be less than a quorum at any meeting of the Board of Directors, a majority of the Directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time, and no further notice thereof need be given other than announcement at the meeting
which shall be so adjourned. Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Directors present at a meeting (excluding Recused Directors) at which a quorum is
present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 2.7 Written Consent of Directors in Lieu of a Meeting . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting
if all members of the Board or of such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board
or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
 Section 2.8 Compensation . Directors may receive compensation for services to the Corporation in their capacities as Directors or otherwise in such manner and in such amounts as may be fixed from time to time
by the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE III Committees of the Board of Directors 

 Section 3.1 Creation . The Board of Directors, by resolution or resolutions passed by a majority of the whole Board of Directors, may designate one or more committees, each to consist of such number
of Directors of the Corporation as shall be specified in such resolution. Each committee of the Board shall have and may exercise such powers and duties as may be provided in such resolution, except that no such committee shall have the power to elect
Directors or the power or authority reserved for the whole Board of Directors pursuant to Section 141(c)(2) of the GCL, except as otherwise set forth in such Section 141(c)(2). 
 Section 3.2 Committee Procedure . Each committee of the Board of Directors shall meet at the times stated by the Board in the resolution or resolutions establishing such committee or on notice to all members given
by any member of such committee. The Board by resolution or resolutions shall establish the rules of procedure to be followed by each committee, which shall include a requirement that such committee keep regular minutes of its proceedings and deliver to
the Secretary the same. The affirmative vote of a majority of the members of any such committee shall constitute the act of such committee. 
 Section 3.3 Certain Definitions . 
 (A) Annual Capital Expenditure Budget . When used in these Bylaws, the term "Annual Capital Expenditure Budget" shall mean an annual capital expenditure budget, which shall be approved by the Board of Directors not later
than the last day of the preceding fiscal year (or at such later time determined by the Board pursuant to Section 2.1). 
 (B) Annual Financial Plan . When used in these Bylaws, the term "Annual Financial Plan" shall mean an annual financial plan, which shall be approved by the Board of Directors not later than the last day of the preceding
fiscal year (or at such later time determined by the Board pursuant to Section 2.1). 
 
 ARTICLE IV Officers, Agents and Employees 
 Section 4.1 Appointment and Term of Office . The officers of the Corporation shall include a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, and a Secretary, and may also include a
Chief Operating Officer, a Treasurer, one or more Vice Presidents (who may be further classified by such descriptions as "executive", "senior", "assistant", "staff" or otherwise, as the Board of Directors shall determine), one or more Assistant
Secretaries and one or more Assistant Treasurers. All such officers shall be appointed by the Board of Directors. Any number of such offices may be held by the same person, but no officer shall execute, acknowledge or verify any instrument in more than
one capacity. Except as may be prescribed otherwise by the Board of Directors in a particular case, all such officers shall hold their offices at the pleasure of the Board for an unlimited term and need not be reappointed annually or at any other
periodic interval. The Board of Directors may appoint, and may delegate power to appoint, such other officers, agents and employees as it may deem necessary or proper, who shall hold their offices or positions for such terms, have such authority and
perform such duties as may from time to time be determined by or pursuant to authorization of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 4.2 Resignation and Removal . Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Any officer, agent or employee of the Corporation may be removed by the Board of Directors
with or without cause at any time. The Board of Directors may delegate such power of removal as to officers, agents and employees not appointed by the Board of Directors. Such removal shall be without prejudice to a person's contract rights, if any, but
the appointment of any person as an officer, agent or employee of the Corporation shall not of itself create contract rights. 
 Section 4.3 Compensation and Bond . The compensation of the officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors, but this power may be delegated to any officer by the Board of Directors.
The Corporation may secure the fidelity of any or all of its officers, agents or employees by bond or otherwise. 
 Section 4.4 Chairman of the Board . The Chairman of the Board shall be selected from the members of the Board of Directors and shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors. In addition, the
Chairman of the Board shall have such other powers and duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board shall not be deemed to be an officer of the Corporation for purposes of Article III of these Bylaws
unless he or she shall also be the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Section 4.5 Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board (or if there be none), he or she
shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer shall have general charge of the business affairs of the Corporation. He or she may employ and discharge employees and agents of the Corporation, except such as shall
be appointed by the Board of Directors, and he or she may delegate these powers. The Chief Executive Officer may vote the stock or other securities of any other domestic or foreign corporation of any type or kind which may at any time be owned by the
Corporation, may execute any stockholders' or other consents in respect thereof and may in his or her discretion delegate such powers by executing proxies, or otherwise, on behalf of the Corporation. The Board of Directors by resolution from time to time
may confer like powers upon any other person. 
 Section 4.6 President . The President shall have such powers and perform such duties as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe. 
 Section 4.7 Chief Operating Officer . The Chief Operating Officer of the Company shall have general charge of the operating affairs of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as the Chief
Executive Officer or the Board of Directors shall delegate to him or her from time to time. 
 Section 4.8 Vice Presidents . Each Vice President shall have such powers and perform such duties as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe. 
 Section 4.9 Treasurer . The Treasurer shall have charge of all funds and securities of the Corporation, may endorse the same for deposit or collection when necessary and deposit the same to the credit of
the Corporation in such banks or depositaries as the Board of Directors may authorize. He or she may endorse all commercial documents requiring endorsements for or on behalf of the Corporation and may sign all receipts and vouchers for payments made to
the Corporation. He or she shall have all such further powers and duties as generally are incident to the position of Treasurer or as may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Section 4.10 Secretary . The Secretary shall distribute all materials to be distributed in connection with regular and special meetings of the Board of Directors, record all the proceedings of the
meetings of the stockholders and Directors in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall also record therein all action taken by written consent of the Directors, and committees of the Board of Directors in lieu of a meeting. He or she shall attend to
the giving and serving of all notices of the Corporation. He or she shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation and shall attest the same by his or her signature whenever required. He or she shall have charge of the stock ledger and such other
books and papers as the Board of Directors may direct, but he or she may delegate responsibility for maintaining the stock ledger to any transfer agent appointed by the Board of Directors. He or she shall have all such further powers and duties as
generally are incident to the position of Secretary or as may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Section 4.11 Assistant Treasurers . In the absence or inability to act of the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer may perform all the duties and exercise all the powers of the Treasurer. The performance
of any such duty shall, in respect of any other person dealing with the Corporation, be conclusive evidence of his or her power to act. An Assistant Treasurer shall also perform such other duties as the Treasurer or the Board of Directors may assign to
him or her. 
 Section 4.12 Assistant Secretaries . In the absence or inability to act of the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary may perform all the duties and exercise all the powers of the Secretary. The performance
of any such duty shall, in respect of any other person dealing with the Corporation, be conclusive evidence of his or her power to act. An Assistant Secretary shall also perform such other duties as the Secretary or the Board of Directors may assign to
him or her. 
 Section 4.13 Delegation of Duties . In case of the absence of any officer of the Corporation, or for any other reason that the Board of Directors may deem sufficient, the Board of Directors may confer for
the time being the powers or duties, or any of them, of such officer upon any other officer or upon any Director. 
 Section 4.14 Loans to Officers and Employees; Guaranty of Obligations of Officers and Employees . The Corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee
of the Corporation or any subsidiary, including any officer or employee who is a Director of the Corporation or any subsidiary, whenever, in the judgment of the Directors, such loan, guaranty or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the
Corporation. The loan, guaranty or other assistance may be with or without interest, and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE V Limitation of Liability and Indemnification 
 Section 5.1 Limitation of Liability of Directors . No Director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a Director, except
for liability (i) for any breach of the Director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the
GCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the Director derived any improper personal benefit. If the GCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of Directors, then the liability of Directors of
the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the full extent permitted by the GCL, as so amended. 
 Section 5.2 Mandatory Indemnification of Directors and Officers. The Corporation shall indemnify to the full extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware as from time to time in effect any person who was or
is a party or is threatened to be made a party to, or otherwise requires representation by counsel in connection with, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (whether or
not an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a Director or officer of the Corporation, or, while serving as a Director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the
Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity. The right to indemnification conferred
by this Section 5.2 also shall include the right of such persons described in this Section 5.2 to be paid in advance by the Corporation for their expenses (including attorneys' fees) to the full extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, as
from time to time in effect. The right to indemnification conferred on such persons by this Section 5.2 shall be a contract right. 
 
 Section 5.3 Permissive Indemnification of Non-Officer Employees and Agents . The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (whether or not an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was an employee (other than an officer) or agent of the
Corporation, or, while serving as an employee (other than an officer) or agent of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, to the extent (i) permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware as from time to time in effect, and (ii) authorized in the sole discretion of the Chief Executive Officer and at least one other of the following officers: the President,
the Chief Financial Officer, or the General Counsel of the Corporation (the Chief Executive Officer and any of such other officers so authorizing such indemnification, the "Authorizing Officers"). The Corporation may, to the extent permitted by Delaware
law and authorized in the sole discretion of the Authorizing Officers, pay expenses (including attorneys' fees) reasonably incurred by any such employee or agent in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding
in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding, upon such terms and conditions as the Authorizing Officers authorizing such expense advancement determine in their sole discretion. The provisions of this Section 5.3 shall not
constitute a contract right for any such employee or agent. 
 Section 5.4 General Provisions . The rights and authority conferred in any of the Sections of this Article V shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person seeking indemnification or advancement of
expenses may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested Directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity
and as to action in another capacity while holding such office and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a Director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
Neither the amendment or repeal of this Article V or any of the Sections thereof nor the adoption of any provision of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws or of any statute inconsistent with this Article V or any of the Sections thereof shall eliminate or
reduce the effect of this Article V or any of the Sections thereof in respect of any acts or omissions occurring prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption or an inconsistent provision. 

ARTICLE VI Common Stock 
 Section 6.1 Certificates . Certificates for stock of the Corporation shall be in such form as shall be approved by the Board of Directors and shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the
Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or the President or a Vice President, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary. Such certificates may be sealed with the seal of the Corporation or a
facsimile thereof. Any of or all the signatures on a certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer,
transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
 Section 6.2 Transfers of Stock . Upon surrender to any transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares of the Corporation duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession,
assignment or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation, provided such succession, assignment or transfer is not prohibited by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, applicable law or contractual prohibitions, to
issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books. 
 Section 6.3 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates . The Corporation may issue a new stock certificate in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or
destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or his or her legal representative to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the
alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of any such new certificate. The Board of Directors may require such owner to satisfy other reasonable requirements. 
 Section 6.4 Stockholder Record Date . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express
consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for
the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action. Only such
stockholders as shall be stockholders of record on the date so fixed shall be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such meeting and any adjournment thereof, or to give such consent, or to receive payment of such dividend or other distribution, or to
exercise such rights in respect of any such change, conversion or exchange of stock, or to participate in such action, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any stock on the books of the Corporation after any record date so fixed. 
 If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, (a) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the
date on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived by all stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held and (b) the record date for determining stockholders for
any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 
 A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided , however , that the Board of Directors may fix a new
record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 ARTICLE VII Ownership by Aliens 
 Section 7.1 Foreign Stock Record . There shall be maintained a separate stock record, designated the " Foreign Stock Record ," for the registration of Voting Stock, as defined in Section 7.
2 , that is Beneficially Owned (as defined in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation) by Aliens, as defined in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation (" Alien Stock "). The Beneficial Ownership by Aliens of Voting Stock shall be determined
in conformity with regulations prescribed by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 7.2 Maximum Percentage . At no time shall ownership of shares representing more than the Maximum Percentage, as defined below, be registered in the Foreign Stock Record. As used herein, (a) " 
Maximum Percentage " means the maximum percentage of voting power of Voting Stock, as defined below, which may be voted by, or at the direction of, Aliens without violating Foreign Ownership Restrictions or adversely affecting the Corporation's operating certificates or
authorities, and (b) " Voting Stock " means all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation issued from time to time by the Corporation and Beneficially Owned by Aliens which, but for the provisions of Section 1 of Article Sixth of the Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, by their terms may vote (at the time such determination is made) for the election of Directors of the Corporation, except shares of Preferred Stock that are entitled to vote for the election of Directors solely as a result of the failure to pay dividends by the Corporation or other breach of the terms of such Preferred Stock. 
 Section 7.3 Recording of Shares . If at any time there exist shares of Voting Stock that are Alien Stock but that are not registered in the Foreign Stock Record, the Beneficial Owner thereof may request,
in writing, the Corporation to register ownership of such shares on the Foreign Stock Record and the Corporation shall comply with such request, subject to the limitation set forth in Section 7.2 . The order in which Alien Stock shall be registered on the Foreign Stock Record shall be chronological, based on the date the Corporation received a written request to so register such shares of Alien Stock. If at any time the
Corporation shall find that the combined voting power of Voting Stock then registered in the Foreign Stock Record exceeds the Maximum Percentage, there shall be removed from the Foreign Stock Record the registration of such number of shares so registered
as is sufficient to reduce the combined voting power of the shares so registered to an amount not in excess of the Maximum Percentage. The order in which such shares shall be removed shall be reverse chronological order based upon the date the
Corporation received a written request to so register such shares of Alien Stock. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII General Provisions 
 Section 8.1 Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin the first day of January and end on the last day of December of each year. 
 Section 8.2 Dividends . Dividends upon the capital stock may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting and may be paid in cash or in property or in shares of the capital
stock. Before paying any dividend or making any distribution of profits, the Directors may set apart out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may alter or abolish any such reserve or
reserves. 
 Section 8.3 Checks, Notes, Drafts, Etc . Checks, notes, drafts, acceptances, bills of exchange and other orders or obligations for the payment of money shall be signed by such officer or officers or
person or persons as the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof, the Chief Executive Officer or the Treasurer may from time to time designate. 
 Section 8.4 Corporate Seal . The seal of the Corporation shall be circular in form and shall bear, in addition to any other emblem or device approved by the Board of Directors, the name of the
Corporation, the year of its incorporation and the words "Corporate Seal" and "Delaware." The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced. 
 Section 8.5 Waiver of Notice . Whenever notice is required to be given by statute, or under any provision of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by
the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. In the case of a stockholder, such waiver of notice may be
signed by such stockholder's attorney or proxy duly appointed in writing or as otherwise permitted by law. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express
purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the
stockholders, Directors or members of a committee of Directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission. 
 
 ARTICLE IX Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Govern 
 Section 9.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Govern . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if any provision contained herein is inconsistent with or conflicts with a provision of
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, such provision herein shall be superseded by the inconsistent provision in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to the extent necessary to give effect to such provision in the Restated Certificate of
Incorporation. 

</EX-3>

<EX-10>
 6
 exhibit1014a.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.14(A)

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

Exhibit 10.14(a) 
 
 OPTION AGREEMENT 
 AND AWARD NOTICE 
 (PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THE 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 INCENTIVE PLAN 2000) 

This OPTION AGREEMENT AND AWARD NOTICE (this "Option Agreement") is between Continental Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Company"), and __________________ ("Optionee"), and is dated as of the date set forth immediately
above the signatures below. 

Grant of Option . The Company hereby grants to Optionee the right, privilege and option as herein set forth (the "Option") to purchase up to _______________ (###,###) shares (the "Shares") of Class B common stock,
 .01 par value per share, of Company ("Common Stock"), in accordance with the terms of this Option Agreement. The Shares, when issued to Optionee upon the exercise of the Option, shall be fully paid and nonassessable. The Option is granted pursuant to and to implement in part the Continental Airlines, Inc. Incentive Plan 2000 (as amended and in effect
from time to time, the "Plan") and is subject to the provisions of the Plan, which is hereby incorporated herein and is made a part hereof, as well as the provisions of this Option Agreement. Optionee agrees to be bound by all of the terms, provisions,
conditions and limitations of the Plan and this Option Agreement. All capitalized terms have the meanings set forth in the Plan unless otherwise specifically provided. All references to specified paragraphs pertain to paragraphs of this Option Agreement
unless otherwise provided. The Option is not intended to qualify as an "incentive stock option" within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). 
 
 Option Term . Subject to earlier termination as provided herein, the Option shall terminate on ________________________. The period during which the Option is in effect is referred to as the "Option Period". 
 
 Option Exercise Price . The exercise price (the "Option Price") of the Shares subject to the Option shall be ______ per Share (which is the Market Value per Share on the date hereof). 
 
 Vesting . Subject to the following provisions of this Paragraph 4, the total number of Shares subject to this Option shall vest in twenty-five percent (25 increments on each of ______________________,
____________________, __________________ and __________________. The vested Shares that may be acquired under the Option may be purchased at any time after they become vested, in whole or in part, during the Option Period. In addition, the total number
of Shares subject to this Option shall vest and become exercisable upon the occurrence of one of the events as described in Paragraph 6(c) or 6(d). 
 
 Method of Exercise . To exercise the Option, Optionee shall deliver an irrevocable written notice to Company (to the attention of the Secretary of the Company) stating the number of Shares with respect to which the
Option is being exercised together with payment for such Shares. Payment shall be made (i) in cash or by check acceptable to Company, (ii) in nonforfeitable, unrestricted shares of Company's Common Stock owned by Optionee at the time of exercise of the
Option having an aggregate market value (measured by the Market Value per Share) at the date of exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Option being exercised or (iii) by a combination of (i) and (ii). In addition, at the request of
Optionee, and to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Paragraph 15, the Option may be exercised pursuant to a "cashless exercise" arrangement with any brokerage firm approved by the Administrator or its delegate under which arrangement
such brokerage firm, on behalf of Optionee, shall pay to Company the exercise price of the Options being exercised, and Company, pursuant to an irrevocable notice from Optionee, shall promptly after receipt of the exercise price deliver the shares being
purchased to such firm. Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the Company may provide personal information regarding Optionee and any grant of a stock option or other Award under the Plan, or under any program adopted under the Plan, including but not
limited to this Option, to any third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative or brokerage services relating to the Plan or any such program. 
 
 Termination of Employment; Change in Control . Voluntary or involuntary termination of employment, retirement, death or Disability of Optionee, or occurrence of a Change in Control, shall affect Optionee's rights
under the Option as follows: 

Involuntary Termination for Gross Misconduct. The Option shall terminate immediately and shall not be exercisable if Optionee's employment (defined below) is terminated involuntarily for gross misconduct (defined below). 

Other Involuntary Termination or Voluntary Termination . If Optionee's employment is terminated involuntarily other than for gross misconduct or if Optionee voluntarily terminates employment, then immediately (i) the Option
shall terminate as to Shares subject thereto to the extent not yet then vested pursuant to Paragraph 4 or pursuant to Paragraph 6(c) below, and (ii) the Option shall terminate as to all remaining Shares subject thereto to the extent not exercised pursuant
to Paragraph 5 within 30 days after such termination of employment. 
 
 Change in Control . If a Change in Control shall occur, then immediately the Option shall vest and become exercisable in full; provided, that if the Change in Control is the result of a business combination with Northwest
or any Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with Northwest, the Committee shall determine whether, in connection with such business combination, a change in the composition of the persons with authority to exercise policy-making
functions with respect to the business of the Company has or is reasonably expected to occur, such that the expectations of employees of the Company concerning the direction and management of the Company would be reasonably expected to be materially
affected, and a Change in Control shall be deemed to occur as a result of such business combination only if the Committee determines that such a change has or is reasonably expected to occur. Notwithstanding any determination by the Committee that such a
change has not or is not reasonably expected to occur, if Optionee's employment with the Company (or any subsidiary which is the principal employer of Optionee) is terminated by the Company (or such subsidiary) at any time during the two year period
following the date of the closing of a business combination with Northwest or any Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with Northwest which, but for the determination by the Committee, would constitute a Change in Control, and such
termination of employment by the Company is for any reason other than (I) death, (II) Disability, (III) the willful and continued failure by Optionee substantially to perform his duties and obligations to the Company or such subsidiary (other than any
such failure resulting from a Disability) which failure continues after the date which is 30 days after the Company has given written notice thereof to Optionee which notice specifies the aspects in which Optionee has failed to perform his duties or
obligations to the Company or such subsidiary and sets forth specific corrective action required of Optionee to be taken within 30 days of the date of giving of the notice, or (IV) the willful engaging by Optionee in misconduct concerning the Company or
such subsidiary, then upon such termination of employment by the Company the Option shall immediately vest and become exercisable in full during the 30 day period following such termination of employment. 
 
 Retirement, Death or Disability . If Optionee's employment is terminated by retirement, death or Disability, then immediately the Option shall become exercisable in full, whether or not otherwise exercisable, for a term of
one year thereafter by Optionee or, in the case of death, by the person or persons to whom Optionee's rights under the Option shall pass by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution, or in the case of Disability, by Optionee's personal
representative. However, in no event may any Option be exercised by anyone after the earlier of (y) the expiration of the Option Period or (z) one year after Optionee's death, retirement or Disability (described above). 
 
 Definitions . For purposes of the Option, "employment" means employment by Company or a subsidiary (as the term "subsidiary" is defined in the Plan). In this regard, neither the transfer of a Participant from employment by
Company to employment by a subsidiary nor the transfer of a Participant from employment by a subsidiary to employment by Company shall be deemed to be a termination of employment of the Participant. Moreover, the employment of a Participant shall not be
deemed to have been terminated because of absence from active employment on account of temporary illness or during authorized vacation or during temporary leaves of absence from active employment granted by Company or a subsidiary for reasons of
professional advancement, education, health, or government service, or during military leave for any period if the Participant returns to active employment within 90 days after the termination of military leave, or during any period required to be treated
as a leave of absence by virtue of any valid law or agreement. "Gross misconduct" means such misconduct, dishonesty, wilful and repeated disobedience or other action or inaction as might reasonably be expected to injure Company or any of its subsidiaries
or its or their business interests or reputation. The Administrator's determination in good faith regarding whether a termination of employment, gross misconduct or Disability has occurred shall be conclusive and determinative. 

Reorganization of Company and Subsidiaries . The existence of the Option shall not affect in any way the right or power of Company or its stockholders to make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations,
reorganizations or other changes in Company's capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of Company or any issue of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the Shares or the rights thereof, or
the dissolution or liquidation of Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 
 Adjustment of Shares . In the event of stock dividends, spin-offs of assets or other extraordinary dividends, stock splits, combinations of shares, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations,
liquidations, issuances of rights or warrants and similar transactions or events involving Company, appropriate adjustments shall be made to the terms and provisions of this Option, in the same manner as is provided for adjustments to the terms and
provisions of the warrants issued by Company to Air Canada and to Air Partners, L.P. under the Warrant Agreement dated as of April 27, 1993. 
 
 No Rights in Shares . Optionee shall have no rights as a stockholder in respect of Shares until such Optionee becomes the holder of record of such Shares. 
 
 Certain Restrictions . By exercising the Option, Optionee agrees that if at the time of such exercise the sale of Shares issued hereunder is not covered by an effective registration statement filed under the
Securities Act of 1933 ("Act"), Optionee will acquire the Shares for Optionee's own account and without a view to resale or distribution in violation of the Act or any other securities law, and upon any such acquisition Optionee will enter into such
written representations, warranties and agreements as Company may reasonably request in order to comply with the Act or any other securities law or with this Option Agreement. Optionee agrees that Company shall not be obligated to take any affirmative
action in order to cause the issuance or transfer of Shares hereunder to comply with any law, rule or regulation that applies to the Shares subject to the Option. 
 
 Shares Reserved . Company shall at all times during the Option Period reserve and keep available such number of Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Option. 

12. Nontransferability of Option . The Option granted pursuant to this Option Agreement is not transferable other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or by qualified domestic relations order. The Option
will be exercisable during Optionee's lifetime only by Optionee or by Optionee's guardian or Personal Representative. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or subject to any debts, contracts, liabilities, or torts of Optionee. 
 
 13. Amendment and Termination . No amendment or termination of the Option which would impair the rights of Optionee shall be made by the Board or the Administrator at any time without the written consent of Optionee.
No amendment or termination of the Plan will adversely affect the rights, privileges and option of Optionee under the Option without the written consent of Optionee. 
 
 14. No Guarantee of Employment . The Option shall not confer upon Optionee any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with Company or any subsidiary, nor shall it interfere in any way with any
right Company or any subsidiary would otherwise have to terminate such Optionee's employment or other service at any time. 
 
 15. Withholding of Taxes. Company shall have the right to (i) make deductions from any settlement or exercise of an Award made under the Plan, including the delivery of shares, or require shares or cash or both be
withheld from any Award, in each case in an amount sufficient to satisfy withholding of any taxes required by law or (ii) take any other action as may be necessary or appropriate to satisfy any such tax withholding obligations. 
 
 16. No Guarantee of Tax Consequences. Neither Company nor any subsidiary nor the Administrator makes any commitment or guarantee that any federal, state, local or foreign tax treatment will apply or be available to
any person eligible for benefits under the Option. 
 
 17. Severability. In the event that any provision of the Option shall be held illegal, invalid, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be fully severable, but shall not affect the remaining provisions
of the Option, and the Option shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision had never been included herein. 
 
 18. Governing Law. The Option shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas to the extent federal law does not supersede and preempt Texas law. 
 
 19. Miscellaneous Provisions. 
 
 (a) Not a Contract of Employment; No Acquired Rights . The adoption and maintenance of the Plan shall not be deemed to be a contract of employment between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and any person.
Receipt of an Award under the Plan at any given time shall not be deemed to create the right to receive in the future an Award under the Plan, or any other incentive awards granted to an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and shall not
constitute an acquired labor right for purposes of any foreign law. The Plan shall not afford any recipient of an Award any additional right to severance payments or other termination awards or compensation under any foreign law as a result of the
termination of such recipient's employment for any reason whatsoever. 
 
 (b) Not a Part of Salary. The grant of an Award under the Plan is not intended to be a part of the salary of the recipient. 
 
 (c) Foreign Indemnity. Optionee agrees to indemnify Company for the Optionee's portion of any social insurance obligations or taxes arising under any foreign law with respect to the grant or exercise of this Option or the
sale or other disposition of the Shares acquired hereunder. 
 
 (d) Conflicts With Any Employment Agreement. If Optionee has an employment agreement with Company or any of its subsidiaries which contains different or additional provisions relating to vesting of options, or otherwise
conflicts with the terms of this Option Agreement, the provisions of the employment agreement shall govern. 
 
 (e) Electronic Delivery and Signatures. Optionee hereby consents and agrees to electronic delivery of any Plan documents, proxy materials, annual reports and other related documents. If the Company establishes procedures
for an electronic signature system for delivery and acceptance of Plan documents (including documents relating to any programs adopted under the Plan), Optionee hereby consents to such procedures and agrees that his or her electronic signature is the same
as, and shall have the same force and effect as, his or her manual signature. Optionee consents and agrees that any such procedures and delivery may be effected by a third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative services related to the
Plan, including any program adopted under the Plan. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Option Agreement as of the ___ of ______________, ________. 

"COMPANY" 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 By Order of the Administrator 

By: 
 Name: Jeffery A. Smisek 
 Title: 

"OPTIONEE" 

________________________________________ 
 Name: 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 7
 exhibit1014b.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.14(B)

OUTSIDE DIRECTOR STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

Exhibit 10.14(b) 
 
 OUTSIDE DIRECTOR STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 (PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THE 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 INCENTIVE PLAN 2000) 

This STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (this "Option Agreement") is between Continental Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Company"), and _______________________ ("Optionee"), and is dated as of the date set forth immediately above the
signatures below. 
 
 1. Grant of Option . The Company hereby grants to Optionee the right, privilege and option as herein set forth (the "Option") to purchase up to five thousand (5,000) shares (the "Shares") of Class B common stock, .01
par value per share, of Company ("Common Stock"), in accordance with the terms of this Option Agreement. The Shares, when issued to Optionee upon the exercise of the Option, shall be fully paid and nonassessable. The Option is granted pursuant to and to implement in part the Continental Airlines, Inc. Incentive Plan 2000 (as amended and in effect
from time to time, the "Plan") and is subject to the provisions of the Plan, which is hereby incorporated herein and is made a part hereof, as well as the provisions of this Option Agreement. Optionee agrees to be bound by all of the terms, provisions,
conditions and limitations of the Plan and this Option Agreement. All capitalized terms have the meanings set forth in the Plan unless otherwise specifically provided. All references to specified paragraphs pertain to paragraphs of this Option Agreement
unless otherwise provided. The Option is not intended to qualify as an "incentive stock option" within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). 
 
 2. Option Term . Subject to earlier termination as provided herein, the Option shall terminate on __________________. The period during which the Option is in effect is referred to as the "Option Period". 
 
 3. Option Exercise Price . The exercise price (the "Option Price") of the Shares subject to the Option shall be _________ per Share (which is the Market Value per Share on the date hereof). 
 
 4. Vesting . The total number of Shares subject to this Option shall vest immediately upon the grant hereof. 
 
 5. Method of Exercise . To exercise the Option, Optionee shall deliver an irrevocable written notice to Company (to the attention of the Secretary of the Company) stating the number of Shares with respect to which the
Option is being exercised together with payment for such Shares. Payment shall be made (i) in cash or by check acceptable to Company, (ii) in nonforfeitable, unrestricted shares of Company's Common Stock owned by Optionee at the time of exercise of the
Option having an aggregate market value (measured by the Market Value per Share) at the date of exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Option being exercised or (iii) by a combination of (i) and (ii). In addition, at the request of
Optionee, and to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Paragraph 15, the Option may be exercised pursuant to a "cashless exercise" arrangement with any brokerage firm approved by the Administrator or its delegate under which arrangement
such brokerage firm, on behalf of Optionee, shall pay to Company the exercise price of the Options being exercised, and Company, pursuant to an irrevocable notice from Optionee, shall promptly after receipt of the exercise price deliver the shares being
purchased to such firm. 
 
 6. Termination of Board Service . The Option shall terminate on, and may not be exercised after the earlier of (i) the date that is one year after termination of Optionee's service on the Board for any reason and (ii)
the expiration of the Option Period. 
 
 7. Reorganization of Company and Subsidiaries . The existence of the Option shall not affect in any way the right or power of Company or its stockholders to make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations,
reorganizations or other changes in Company's capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of Company or any issue of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the Shares or the rights thereof, or
the dissolution or liquidation of Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 
 8. Adjustment of Shares . In the event of stock dividends, spin-offs of assets or other extraordinary dividends, stock splits, combinations of shares, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations,
liquidations, issuances of rights or warrants and similar transactions or events involving Company, appropriate adjustments shall be made to the terms and provisions of this Option, in the same manner as is provided for adjustments to the terms and
provisions of the warrants issued by Company to Air Canada and to Air Partners, L.P. under the Warrant Agreement dated as of April 27, 1993. 
 
 9. No Rights in Shares . Optionee shall have no rights as a stockholder in respect of Shares until such Optionee becomes the holder of record of such Shares. 
 
 10. Certain Restrictions . By exercising the Option, Optionee agrees that if at the time of such exercise the sale of Shares issued hereunder is not covered by an effective registration statement filed under the
Securities Act of 1933 ("Act"), Optionee will acquire the Shares for Optionee's own account and without a view to resale or distribution in violation of the Act or any other securities law, and upon any such acquisition Optionee will enter into such
written representations, warranties and agreements as Company may reasonably request in order to comply with the Act or any other securities law or with this Option Agreement. 
 
 11. Shares Reserved . Company shall at all times during the Option Period reserve and keep available such number of Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Option. 
 
 12. Nontransferability of Option . The Option granted pursuant to this Option Agreement is not transferable other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or by qualified domestic relations order. The Option
will be exercisable during Optionee's lifetime only by Optionee or by Optionee's guardian or legal representative. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or subject to any debts, contracts, liabilities, or torts of Optionee. 
 
 13. Amendment and Termination . No amendment or termination of the Option shall be made by the Board or the Administrator at any time without the written consent of Optionee. No amendment or termination of the Plan
will adversely affect the rights, privileges and option of Optionee under the Option without the written consent of Optionee. 
 
 14. No Guarantee of Board Service . The Option shall not confer upon Optionee any right with respect to continuance of service on the Board, nor shall it interfere in any way with any right to terminate Optionee's
Board service at any time. 
 
 15. Withholding of Taxes. Company shall have the right to (i) make deductions from the number of Shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of the Option in an amount sufficient to satisfy withholding of any federal,
state or local taxes required by law, or (ii) take such other action as may be necessary or appropriate to satisfy any such tax withholding obligations. 
 
 16. No Guarantee of Tax Consequences. Neither Company nor any subsidiary nor the Administrator makes any commitment or guarantee that any federal or state tax treatment will apply or be available to any person
eligible for benefits under the Option. 
 
 17. Severability. In the event that any provision of the Option shall be held illegal, invalid, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be fully severable, but shall not affect the remaining provisions
of the Option, and the Option shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision had never been included herein. 
 
 18. Electronic Delivery and Signatures. Optionee hereby consents and agrees to electronic delivery of any Plan documents, proxy materials, annual reports and other related documents. If the Company establishes
procedures for an electronic signature system for delivery and acceptance of Plan documents (including documents relating to any programs adopted under the Plan), Optionee hereby consents to such procedures and agrees that his or her electronic signature
is the same as, and shall have the same force and effect as, his or her manual signature. Optionee consents and agrees that any such procedures and delivery may be effected by a third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative services
related to the Plan, including any program adopted under the Plan. 
 
 19. Governing Law. The Option shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas to the extent federal law does not supersede and preempt Texas law. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Option Agreement as of the ____ day of ____________. 
 
 "COMPANY" 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 By Order of the Administrator 

By: 
 Name: 
 Title: 

"OPTIONEE" 

________________________________________ 
 Name: 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 8
 exhibit1014c.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.14(C)

RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT 

Exhibit 10.14(c) 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT 
 AND AWARD NOTICE 
 (PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THE 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 INCENTIVE PLAN 2000) 
 
 This RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT AND AWARD NOTICE (this "Restricted Stock Agreement") is between Continental Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Company"), and ____________________ ("Recipient"), and is dated as of the date set
forth immediately above the signatures below. 

Grant of Restricted Stock . The Company hereby grants to Recipient all rights, title and interest in the record and beneficial ownership of _______________(###,###) shares (the "Restricted Stock") of Class B common
stock, .01 par value per share, of Company ("Common Stock") subject to the conditions described in Paragraphs 4 and 5 as well as the other provisions of this Restricted Stock Agreement. The Restricted Stock is granted pursuant to and to implement in
part the Continental Airlines, Inc. Incentive Plan 2000 (as amended and in effect from time to time, the "Plan") and is subject to the provisions of the Plan, which is hereby incorporated herein and is made a part hereof, as well as the provisions of this
Restricted Stock Agreement. Recipient agrees to be bound by all of the terms, provisions, conditions and limitations of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement. All capitalized terms have the meanings set forth in the Plan unless otherwise
specifically provided. All references to specified paragraphs pertain to paragraphs of this Restricted Stock Agreement unless otherwise specifically provided. 
 
 Custody of Restricted Stock . Upon satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth in Paragraph 4 or the occurrence of any of the events contemplated by Paragraph 5(b) or 5(c), Company shall issue and deliver to
Recipient a certificate or certificates for such number of shares of Restricted Stock as are required to be issued and delivered under this Restricted Stock Agreement. Prior to the satisfaction of such vesting conditions or the occurrence of such events,
the Restricted Stock is not transferable and shall be held in trust or in escrow pursuant to an agreement satisfactory to the Administrator until such time as the applicable restrictions on the transfer thereof have expired or otherwise lapsed. 
 
 Risk of Forfeiture . Subject to Paragraphs 5(b) and 5(c), should Recipient's employment (defined below) with Company and each subsidiary (as the term "subsidiary" is defined in the Plan) terminate prior to any of the
vesting dates set forth in Paragraph 4, Recipient shall forfeit the right to receive the Restricted Stock that would otherwise have vested on such dates. 
 
 Vesting Dates . Subject to Paragraph 5, the shares of Restricted Stock subject to this Restricted Stock Agreement shall vest in _____ percent (___ increments on each of ____________________. 
 
 Termination of Employment; Change in Control . Voluntary or involuntary termination of employment, retirement, death or Disability of Recipient, or occurrence of a Change in Control, shall affect Recipient's rights
under this Restricted Stock Agreement as follows: 

Voluntary or Involuntary Termination . If, other than as specified below, Recipient voluntarily terminates employment (defined below) or if Recipient's employment is terminated involuntarily, then Recipient shall forfeit the
right to receive all shares of Restricted Stock that have not theretofore vested pursuant to Paragraph 4. 
 
 Change in Control . If a Change in Control shall occur, then immediately all nonvested Restricted Stock shall fully vest, all restrictions (other than those described in Paragraph 9) applicable to such Restricted Stock shall
terminate and Company shall release from escrow or trust and shall issue and deliver to Recipient a certificate or certificates for all shares of Restricted Stock; provided, that if the Change in Control is the result of a business combination with
Northwest or any Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with Northwest, the Committee shall determine whether, in connection with such business combination, a change in the composition of the persons with authority to exercise
policy-making functions with respect to the business of the Company has or is reasonably expected to occur, such that the expectations of employees of the Company concerning the direction and management of the Company would be reasonably expected to be
materially affected, and a Change in Control shall be deemed to occur as a result of such business combination only if the Committee determines that such a change has or is reasonably expected to occur. Notwithstanding any determination by the Committee
that such a change has not or is not reasonably expected to occur, if Recipient's employment with the Company (or any subsidiary which is the principal employer of Recipient) is terminated by the Company (or such subsidiary) at any time during the two
year period following the date of the closing of a business combination with Northwest or any Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with Northwest which, but for the determination by the Committee, would constitute a Change in Control,
and such termination of employment by the Company is for any reason other than (I) death, (II) Disability, (III) the willful and continued failure by Recipient substantially to perform his duties and obligations to the Company or such subsidiary (other
than any such failure resulting from a Disability) which failure continues after the date which is 30 days after the Company has given written notice thereof to Recipient which notice specifies the aspects in which Recipient has failed to perform his
duties or obligations to the Company or such subsidiary and sets forth specific corrective action required of Recipient to be taken within 30 days of the date of giving of the notice, or (IV) the willful engaging by Recipient in misconduct concerning the
Company or such subsidiary, then upon such termination of employment by the Company all nonvested Restricted Stock shall fully vest, all restrictions (other than those described in Paragraph 9) applicable to such Restricted Stock shall terminate and
Company shall release from escrow or trust and shall issue and deliver to Recipient a certificate or certificates for all shares of Restricted Stock. 
 
 Retirement, Death or Disability . If Recipient's employment is terminated by retirement, death or Disability, then immediately all nonvested Restricted Stock shall fully vest, all restrictions (other than described in
Paragraph 9) applicable to Restricted Stock shall terminate and Company shall release from escrow or trust and shall issue and deliver to Recipient, or in the case of death, to the person or persons to whom Recipient's rights under this Restricted Stock
Agreement shall pass by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution, or in the case of Disability, to Recipient's personal representative, a certificate or certificates for all Restricted Stock. 
 
 Definition of Employment . For purposes of this Restricted Stock Agreement, "employment" means employment by Company or a subsidiary. In this regard, neither the transfer of Recipient from employment by Company to
employment by a subsidiary nor the transfer of Recipient from employment by a subsidiary to employment by Company shall be deemed to be a termination of employment of Recipient. Moreover, the employment of Recipient shall not be deemed to have been
terminated because of absence from active employment on account of temporary illness or during authorized vacation or during temporary leaves of absence from active employment granted by Company or a subsidiary for reasons of professional advancement,
education, health, or government service, or during military leave for any period if Recipient returns to active employment within 90 days after the termination of military leave, or during any period required to be treated as a leave of absence by virtue
of any valid law or agreement. The Administrator's determination in good faith regarding whether a termination of employment of any type or Disability has occurred shall be conclusive and determinative. 

Ownership Rights . Subject to the restrictions set forth herein and subject to Paragraph 8, Recipient is entitled to all voting and ownership rights applicable to the Restricted Stock, including the right to receive
any dividends that may be paid on Restricted Stock, whether or not vested. 
 
 Reorganization of Company and Subsidiaries . The existence of this Restricted Stock Agreement shall not affect in any way the right or power of Company or its stockholders to make or authorize any or all adjustments,
recapitalizations, reorganizations or other changes in Company's capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of Company or any issue of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the Restricted Stock
or the rights thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 
 Adjustment of Shares . In the event of stock dividends, spin-offs of assets or other extraordinary dividends, stock splits, combinations of shares, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations,
liquidations, issuances of rights or warrants and similar transactions or events involving Company ("Recapitalization Events"), then for all purposes references herein to Common Stock or to Restricted Stock shall mean and include all securities or other
property (other than cash) that holders of Common Stock of Company are entitled to receive in respect of Common Stock by reason of each successive Recapitalization Event, which securities or other property (other than cash) shall be treated in the same
manner and shall be subject to the same restrictions as the underlying Restricted Stock. 

9. Certain Restrictions . By accepting the Restricted Stock, Recipient agrees that if at the time of delivery of certificates for shares of Restricted Stock issued hereunder any sale of such shares is not covered by an
effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act"), Recipient will acquire the Restricted Stock for Recipient's own account and without a view to resale or distribution in violation of the Act or any other securities law,
and upon any such acquisition Recipient will enter into such written representations, warranties and agreements as Company may reasonably request in order to comply with the Act or any other securities law or with this Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 
 10. Nontransferability of Award. This Award is not transferable other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or by qualified domestic relations order. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any
manner be liable for or subject to any debts, contracts, liabilities, or torts of Recipient. 
 
 11. Amendment and Termination . No amendment or termination of this Restricted Stock Agreement which would impair the rights of Recipient shall be made by the Board or the Administrator at any time without the written
consent of Recipient. No amendment or termination of the Plan will adversely affect the right, title and interest of Recipient under this Restricted Stock Agreement or to Restricted Stock granted hereunder without the written consent of Recipient. 
 
 12. No Guarantee of Employment . This Restricted Stock Agreement shall not confer upon Recipient any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with Company or any subsidiary, nor shall it
interfere in any way with any right Company or any subsidiary would otherwise have to terminate such Recipient's employment or other service at any time. 
 
 13. Withholding of Taxes. Company shall have the right to (i) make deductions from the number of shares of Restricted Stock otherwise deliverable upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent under this Restricted
Stock Agreement (and other amounts payable under this Restricted Stock Agreement) in an amount sufficient to satisfy withholding of any federal, state or local taxes required by law, or (ii) take such other action as may be necessary or appropriate to
satisfy any such tax withholding obligations. 
 
 14. No Guarantee of Tax Consequences . Neither Company nor any subsidiary nor the Administrator makes any commitment or guarantee that any federal or state tax treatment will apply or be available to any person
eligible for benefits under this Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 
 15. Severability . In the event that any provision of this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be held illegal, invalid, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be fully severable, but shall not affect the
remaining provisions of this Restricted Stock Agreement and this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision had never been included herein. 
 
 16. Governing Law . The Restricted Stock Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas to the extent federal law does not supersede and preempt Texas law. 

17. Miscellaneous Provisions. 

(a) Not a Contract of Employment; No Acquired Rights . The adoption and maintenance of the Plan shall not be deemed to be a contract of employment between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and any person.
Receipt of an Award under the Plan at any given time shall not be deemed to create the right to receive in the future an Award under the Plan, or any other incentive awards granted to an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and shall not
constitute an acquired labor right for purposes of any foreign law. The Plan shall not afford any recipient of an Award any additional right to severance payments or other termination awards or compensation under any foreign law as a result of the
termination of such recipient's employment for any reason whatsoever. 
 
 (b) Not a Part of Salary. The grant of an Award under the Plan is not intended to be a part of the salary of Recipient. 
 
 (c) Foreign Indemnity. Recipient agrees to indemnify Company for the Recipient's portion of any social insurance obligations or taxes arising under any foreign law with respect to the grant of this Restricted Stock Award,
the vesting of the Restricted Stock or the sale or other disposition of the Restricted Stock. 
 
 (d) Conflicts With Any Employment Agreement. If Recipient has an employment agreement with Company or any of its subsidiaries which contains different or additional provisions relating to vesting of restricted stock awards,
or otherwise conflicts with the terms of this Restricted Stock Agreement, the provisions of the employment agreement shall govern. 
 
 (e) Electronic Delivery and Signatures. Recipient hereby consents and agrees to electronic delivery of any Plan documents, proxy materials, annual reports and other related documents. If the Company establishes
procedures for an electronic signature system for delivery and acceptance of Plan documents (including documents relating to any programs adopted under the Plan), Recipient hereby consents to such procedures and agrees that his or her electronic signature
is the same as, and shall have the same force and effect as, his or her manual signature. Recipient consents and agrees that any such procedures and delivery may be effected by a third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative services
related to the Plan, including any program adopted under the Plan. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Restricted Stock Agreement as of the ___ day of ____________,_______. 

"COMPANY" 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 By Order of the Administrator 
 
 By: 
 Name: 
 Title: 

"Recipient" 

Name: 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 9
 exhibit1015a.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.15(A)

AWARD NOTICE 

Exhibit 10.15(a) 
 
 AWARD NOTICE 
 to [ ] 
 January __, 2001 
 Pursuant to the Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 Executive Bonus Performance Award Program 
 
 This document constitutes your formal Award Notice as a Participant under the Continental Airlines, Inc. Executive Bonus Performance Award Program (as amended from time to time, the "Executive Bonus Program") adopted under the Continental Airlines,
Inc. Incentive Plan 2000 (as amended from time to time, the "Incentive Plan 2000"). This Award Notice evidences your right to participate in the Executive Bonus Program with respect to the fiscal year of the Company which commences January 1, 2001,
subject to the terms of the Executive Bonus Program and the Incentive Plan 2000. 

 The Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Committee") has established a Budget for purposes of the Executive Bonus Program. The Budget consists of cumulative quarterly net income targets for the fiscal year. Each
participant in the Executive Bonus Program who remains continuously employed throughout the entire fiscal quarter with respect to which the bonus is to be paid will receive a cash bonus (Quarterly Bonus) equal to the greater of the Net Income Quarterly
Bonus or the EBITDAR Margin Quarterly Bonus for such quarter. 

 A participant's Net Income Quarterly Bonus for a fiscal quarter is calculated by multiplying the participant's cumulative base salary through such quarter by either (x) 100 plus the percentage positive variance (up to 25 between the Company's
actual cumulative net income through such quarter and the cumulative net income target with respect to such quarter or (y) 100 less the percentage negative variance between the Company's actual cumulative net income through such quarter and the
cumulative net income target with respect to such quarter, less any Quarterly Bonuses received with respect to prior quarters in the fiscal year. If the negative variance is greater than 25 , then no Net Income Quarterly Bonus will be paid with respect
to such quarter. 

 A participant's EBITDAR Margin Quarterly Bonus for a fiscal quarter is calculated by multiplying the participant's cumulative base salary through such quarter by either (x) 125 , if the Company ranks first, second or third when comparing the
cumulative EBITDAR margins through such quarter for all companies in the Industry Group and the Company achieves the operating income hurdle for such quarter or (y) 0 , if the Company fails to achieve the ranking and operating income hurdle referenced in
the prior clause, less any Quarterly Bonuses received with respect to prior quarters in the fiscal year. The annual operating income hurdle is the same as that established under the Company's Long Term Incentive Performance Award Program (LTIP) for the
relevant period, and the quarterly operating income hurdles are determined as cumulative quarterly percentages of the annual amount as follows: (1) 19 with respect to the first fiscal quarter; (2) 52.8 with respect to the second fiscal quarter; (3)
83.6 with respect to the third fiscal quarter; and (4) 100 with respect to the fourth fiscal quarter. The definition of the Industry Group is the same as used in the LTIP program, and EBITDAR and EBITDAR margins are calculated identically as in the
LTIP program for the relevant periods. 

 Prior to any payment under the Executive Bonus Program, the Committee must certify in writing that the performance goals have been met. 

 Capitalized terms used in this Award Notice are defined in the Executive Bonus Program, and your participation is subject to the terms of the Executive Bonus Program and the Incentive Plan 2000. The Executive Bonus Program and the Incentive Plan 2000
are hereby incorporated into this Award Notice by reference. 

 If you have any questions, or wish to obtain a copy of the Executive Bonus Program or the Incentive Plan 2000, please contact _____________. 

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By:_________________________ 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 10
 exhibit1016a.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.16(A)

AWARD NOTICE 

Exhibit 10.16(a) 
 
 AWARD NOTICE 
 to [ ] 
 [ date ] 
 Pursuant to the Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 Long Term Incentive Performance Award Program 
 
 This document constitutes your formal Award Notice as a Participant under the Continental Airlines, Inc. Long Term Incentive Performance Award Program (as amended from time to time, the "LTIP"), adopted under the Continental Airlines, Inc. Incentive
Plan 2000 (as amended from time to time, the "Incentive Plan 2000"). This Award Notice evidences your receipt of [three separate Awards][an Award] under the LTIP, as follows: 

[An Award with respect to the Performance Period commencing on January 1, 2000 and ending on December 31, 2000;] 

 [An Award with respect to the Performance Period commencing on January 1, 2000 and ending on December 31, 2001; and] 

 [An Award with respect to the Performance Period commencing on January 1, 2000 and ending on December 31, 2002.] 

[1. An Award with respect to the Performance Period commencing on January __, _______ and ending on December 31, _______.] 

The potential Payout Percentage applicable to your Awards (which varies depending on whether the Company ranks first, second or third in EBITDAR Margin compared with the Industry Group for the relevant Performance Period), based on your position and
pay at [January 1, 2000][January 1, _________], is set forth below. 

 Your Potential Payout Percentage : 

 #1 EBITDAR Margin ___ 
 #2 EBITDAR Margin ___ 
 #3 EBITDAR Margin ___ 
 #4-7 EBITDAR Margin 0 

 The Payment Amount of your Awards, assuming achievement of the relevant Performance Targets under the LTIP, will be your Payout Percentage times your Base Amount (base salary plus a deemed bonus) in effect as of the earlier of the last day of the
relevant Performance Period, the date of your death or Disability, or the day immediately preceding the date upon which you suffer a Qualifying Event in connection with, after, or in contemplation of a Change in Control. [In order to phase in the LTIP,
the Payment Amount for the first two Performance Periods (January 1, 2000 to December 31, 2000 and January 1, 2000 to December 31, 2001) will be 1/3 and 2/3, respectively, of the amount which would be paid for a full three year Performance Period.] 

 The Performance Targets are achievement by the Company of number 1, number 2 or number 3 in EBITDAR Margin among an Industry Group (currently [Continental, AMR Corporation, Delta Airlines, Inc., Northwest Airlines Corporation, Trans World Airlines,
Inc., UAL Corporation and US Airways Group, Inc.]) and achievement of an average of at least [ 300] million of annual operating income during the relevant Performance Period, subject to certain adjustments. 

 Prior to any payout under the LTIP, the Committee must certify that the performance goals have been met. 

 Aggregate payments under the LTIP are subject to a cap of 5 of the actual average annual operating income of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries with respect to the Performance Period, subject to certain adjustments[, and the LTIP is
subject to approval by the Company's stockholders of the Incentive Plan 2000 at the annual meeting of stockholders later this year]. Capitalized terms used in this Award Notice are defined in the LTIP, and the LTIP and the Incentive Plan 2000 are hereby
incorporated into this Award Notice by reference. 

 If you have any questions, or wish to obtain a copy of the LTIP, please contact ___________. 

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By:_________________________ 

[Authorized Officer] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 11
 exhibit1017.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.17

Exhibit 10.17 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 OFFICER RETENTION AND INCENTIVE AWARD PROGRAM 
 
 I. PURPOSE OF PROGRAM 
 
 This Continental Airlines, Inc. Officer Retention and Incentive Award Program (the "Program") has been adopted by the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors of Continental Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), to implement the Retention Award provisions of the Continental Airlines, Inc. Incentive Plan 2000 (as amended from time to time, the "Incentive Plan 2000") adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Program is intended to provide a
method for attracting, motivating, and retaining key employees to assist in the development and growth of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Program and Awards hereunder shall be subject to the terms of the Incentive Plan 2000, including the
limitations on the maximum amount that may be paid with respect to Awards contained therein. 
 
 II. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 
 
 2.1 Definitions . Where the following words and phrases are used in the Program, they shall have the respective meanings set forth below, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary: 
 
 (a) "Award" means the award of one or more PARs to a Participant under the Program in accordance with Article IV. Awards hereunder constitute Retention Awards (as such term is defined in the Incentive Plan 2000) under the Incentive
Plan 2000. 
 
 (b) "Award Notice" means a written notice issued by the Company to a Participant evidencing such Participant's receipt of an Award and setting forth certain terms and conditions with respect thereto in accordance with Section 4.2. 

(c) "Base Value" means, with respect to each Phantom Unit subject to an Award with a Date of Grant that is concurrent with the date of the acquisition by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Investment to which such Award relates,
an amount equal to (i) the actual out-of-pocket cost of such Investment (as determined by the Committee) to the Company or a Subsidiary that is paid to the issuer or seller of such Investment (but, in no event, less than 100,000) divided by (ii) the number of Phantom Units into which such Investment is divided (with the result rounded to the nearest cent). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) with respect to such Awards relating to Follow-up Investments, at any time prior to
a Change in Control (provided, if the Change in Control is the result of a business combination with Northwest Airlines Corporation ("Northwest") or any Person (as defined in the Incentive Plan 2000) controlling, controlled by or under common control with
Northwest, that a Change in Control shall have been deemed to occur pursuant to the first sentence of Section 5.4 hereof), and (ii) with respect to all other such Awards, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine at the time of the grant of any
such Award that the Base Value of such a Phantom Unit shall be greater than the amount set forth in the preceding sentence, and the Committee shall make each such determination based on such factors and information as it deems relevant. If the Date of
Grant of an Award is after the date of the acquisition by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Investment to which such Award relates, then the Base Value of the Phantom Unit relating to such Award shall mean the value of such Phantom Unit as of such Date
of Grant as determined by the Committee in such manner as it deems appropriate, and the Committee may consider such factors and information as it deems relevant in making each such determination. 
 
 (d) "Cause" means (i) in the case of a Participant with an employment agreement with the Company or a Subsidiary, the involuntary termination of such Participant's employment by the Company (or, if applicable, a Subsidiary) under
circumstances that do not require the Company (or such Subsidiary) to pay to such Participant a "Termination Payment" or "Monthly Severance Amount," as such terms (or a comparable term) are defined in such Participant's employment agreement, and (ii) in
the case of a Participant who does not have an employment agreement with the Company or a Subsidiary, the involuntary termination of such Participant's employment by the Company (or, if applicable, a Subsidiary) based upon a determination by the Committee
or an authorized officer of the Company (or such Subsidiary) that such Participant has engaged in gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of, or such Participant has abused alcohol or drugs rendering him or her unable to perform, the
material duties and services required of him or her in his or her employment. 
 
 (e) "Change in Control" shall have the same meaning as is assigned to such term under the Incentive Plan 2000, as in effect on the Effective Date. 
 
 (f) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 (g) "Committee" means the individuals serving from time to time as the "Committee" under the Incentive Plan 2000. 
 
 (h) "Company" means Continental Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 
 (i) "Date of Grant" means the effective date of the grant of an Award to a Participant. 
 
 (j) "Disability" means, with respect to a Participant, such Participant's disability entitling him or her to benefits under the Company's group long-term disability plan; provided, however, that if such Participant is not eligible
to participate in such plan, then such Participant shall be considered to have incurred a "Disability" if and when the Committee determines in its discretion that such Participant has become incapacitated for a period of at least 180 days by accident,
sickness, or other circumstance which renders such Participant mentally or physically incapable of performing the material duties and services required of him or her in his or her employment on a full-time basis during such period. 
 
 (k) "Disposition" means, with respect to each Investment, a transfer, sale, exchange or other disposition of all or a portion of such Investment by the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable, to one or more Transferees. A
Disposition shall include a Stockholder Disposition. A Disposition shall not include the exercise of a convertible security (including an option or warrant), but such an exercise shall require an adjustment to related Awards pursuant to Section 4.6. The
Committee may determine that a transaction involving an exchange of a security for other consideration is not a Disposition (1) to the extent such other consideration consists of securities other than cash or Publicly Traded securities that are Liquid, or
(2) to the extent that such transaction is effected on a tax-free basis to the Company or the applicable Subsidiary (and, in connection with such determination, the Committee may make any appropriate adjustments to related Awards pursuant to Section 4.6).
 For purposes of determining Market Value under the Program, the net proceeds of a Disposition of an Investment shall be allocated to Phantom Units in accordance with the number of Phantom Units into which such Investment is divided. 
 
 (l) "Distribution" means, with respect to each Investment, a dividend or other distribution (other than a dividend or distribution that the Committee has determined should be included as a part of such Investment or with respect
to which an adjustment is made to an outstanding Award pursuant to Section 4.6) received with respect to such Investment by the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable. For purposes of determining Market Value under the Program, Distributions with respect
to an Investment shall be allocated to Phantom Units in accordance with the number of Phantom Units into which such Investment is divided. 
 
 (m) "Effective Date" means March 27, 2000. 
 
 (n) "Eligible Employee" means any individual who is an Officer or any other person in an employment relationship with the Company or any parent or subsidiary corporation (as defined in Section 424 of the Code). 
 
 (o) "Excess Disposition" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.2(a). 
 
 (p) "Existing Investment" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(q) as it applies to a particular Follow-up Investment. 
 
 (q) "Follow-up Investment" means, with respect to each equity holding in an e-commerce or internet-based business that already constitutes an Investment subject to the Program (an "Existing Investment"), any other equity holding in
or related to such business that is acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary based on the satisfaction of performance targets, vesting provisions, or other terms and conditions set forth in one or more agreements (as the same may be amended from time to
time) to which the Company or a Subsidiary is a party, which agreement(s) were entered into in connection with (and at or around the time the Company or a Subsidiary acquired) the Existing Investment. 
 
 (r) "Incentive Plan 2000" means the Continental Airlines, Inc. Incentive Plan 2000, as amended from time to time. 
 
 (s) "Investment" means each equity holding of the Company or a Subsidiary in an e-commerce or internet-based business. Equity holdings in different but affiliated entities shall be considered separate Investments, and different
equity holdings in the same entity shall be considered separate Investments. The term "Investment" shall include a Follow-up Investment, but each Follow-up Investment shall be considered a new separate Investment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with
respect to an equity holding in an e-commerce or internet-based business (other than an equity holding that constitutes a Follow-up Investment) that is acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary after the Effective Date, the Company's Chief Executive Officer
shall provide prompt written notice to the Committee of the acquisition of such equity holding, and such equity holding shall be considered an Investment subject to the Program as of the date of its acquisition unless (i) the Company's Chief Executive
Officer fails to provide such notice to the Committee within 60 days after the date of such acquisition or (ii) the Committee determines (in its sole discretion), within 90 days after the date of such acquisition, that such equity holding shall not be
considered an Investment for purposes of the Program, and delivers written notice thereof within such 90 day period to the Secretary of the Company. If the Chief Executive Officer fails to give the notice specified in clause (i) of the foregoing
sentence within the time period specified therein, the Committee may nonetheless at any time determine that an equity holding in an e-commerce or internet-based business that is acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary after the Effective Date shall be
considered an Investment for purposes of the Program, provided that any Award (other than an Award with respect to a Follow-up Investment) relating thereto is made by the Committee within 90 days after such determination by the Committee. With respect to
each equity holding so considered an Investment for purposes of the Program acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary after the Effective Date, the Committee shall determine, within 90 days after the date of such acquisition (or, with respect to an Award
described in the immediately preceding sentence, at the time of the Award), whether a Participant will forfeit 10 of the Redemption Amount upon a redemption of the Award (or any portion thereof) relating to such Investment pursuant to Section 6.1
hereof. In connection with the adoption of the Program, the Committee shall designate which Investments acquired prior to the Effective Date by the Company or a Subsidiary shall be subject to the Program as of such date, and whether a Participant will
forfeit 10 of the Redemption Amount upon a redemption of any of the Awards (or any portion thereof) relating to such Investments pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof. For purposes of Section 2.1(q) and this Section 2.1(s), an "equity holding" means any
interest (including, without limitation, an option or warrant) in an entity other than an instrument that is treated as indebtedness under applicable local law and which has no substantial equity features. 
 
 (t) "Investment Period" means (i) with respect to each Investment (other than a Follow-up Investment), the 10-year period beginning on the first Date of Grant of an Award to any individual with respect to such Investment, and
(ii) with respect to each Follow-up Investment, the 10-year period beginning on the first Date of Grant of an Award to any individual with respect to the original Existing Investment to which such Follow-up Investment relates. 
 
 (u) "Liquid" shall mean, with respect to each Investment, a determination by the Committee that (i) the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable, could sell all or substantially all of such Investment under Rule 144 promulgated under
the Securities Act of 1933, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (or under a similar procedure under foreign law), or otherwise without material transfer restrictions being imposed on a non-affiliate Transferee
as a result thereof, (ii) any such sale is not prohibited by law, regulation, court or administrative order, rule of an exchange or market, contract, or otherwise, (iii) any such sale will not result in liability of the Company or any Subsidiary under
Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (either because of transactions (including Award redemptions) already effected or because of prospective transactions (including Award redemptions) determined by the Committee to be
reasonably probable), and (iv) there is an established public trading market for the securities comprising such Investment which can be used to reasonably determine the Market Value of the Phantom Units relating to such Investment. An Investment shall
also be considered Liquid if the Committee determines that the Company or a Subsidiary could readily acquire by conversion, exchange, exercise or otherwise one or more securities that satisfy the requirements set forth in the preceding sentence with
respect to all or substantially all of such Investment, and, under such circumstances, the Committee shall make appropriate and equitable adjustments to affected PARs and Awards (including, without limitation, adjustments to the determinations of the Base
Value and Market Value applicable to related Phantom Units) in connection with any redemption thereof under Article VI. 
 
 (v) "Market Value" shall mean, with respect to each Phantom Unit and as of a specified date, the Committee's determination of the value of such Phantom Unit as of such date (with the result rounded to the nearest cent). Market
Value shall be determined separately with respect to Awards relating to a Phantom Unit that have different Dates of Grant. Market Value shall be determined by the Committee as follows: 

(i) If a Disposition (other than a Stockholder Disposition) has occurred with respect to all or a portion of the Investment to which such Phantom Unit relates, then the Market Value of such Phantom Unit as of the date of such
Disposition shall equal the sum of (A) the fair market value of the Distributions allocable to such Phantom Unit that have been received by the Company or a Subsidiary with respect to such Investment from the Date of Grant of the applicable Award to the
date of such Disposition (increased, in the case of any Distribution received in cash, by 7 per annum from the date of receipt of such Distribution by the Company or a Subsidiary to the date of such Disposition) and (B) the fair market value of the net
proceeds to the Company or a Subsidiary with respect to such Disposition that are allocable to such Phantom Unit. The fair market value determinations required pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be made in good faith by the Committee as of the date
of such Disposition. 

If a Disposition of all or a portion of the Investment to which such Phantom Unit relates has not occurred and if such Investment is Publicly Traded as of the date the Market Value of such Phantom Unit is required to be made under
the Program, then the Market Value as of such date of such Phantom Unit shall equal the sum of (A) the fair market value of the Distributions allocable to such Phantom Unit that have been received by the Company or a Subsidiary with respect to such
Investment from the Date of Grant of the applicable Award to the date of such valuation (increased, in the case of any Distribution received in cash, by 7 per annum from the date of receipt of such Distribution by the Company or a Subsidiary to the date
of such valuation) and (B) the fair market value of such Phantom Unit based on the average of the high and low sales price of the security that constitutes the related Investment as of the date of such valuation (or the next following Trading Day on which
a sale occurs if no sale occurs on such date) on the principal exchange for such Investment. The fair market value determinations required pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be made in good faith by the Committee as of the date of such valuation. 
 
 If a Stockholder Disposition of the Investment to which such Phantom Unit relates has occurred at a time when such Investment is Publicly Traded, then the Market Value of such Phantom Unit as of the date of such Stockholder
Disposition shall be determined as provided in clause (ii) above (applied by substituting the date of such Stockholder Disposition for the date of such valuation referred to in clause (ii)). 
 
 If a Disposition of such Investment has not occurred and the Investment to which such Phantom Unit relates is not Publicly Traded as of the date the Market Value of such Phantom Unit is required to be made under the Program, then
the Market Value shall be determined by the Committee. The Committee's determination shall be made in good faith and shall be based on a valuation opinion prepared by a Valuation Expert who shall be selected by the Committee. The Committee shall cause
the opinion of the Valuation Expert (who shall determine the fair market value of the Investment to which such Phantom Unit relates) to be prepared no later than 60 days after the date as of which the Market Value is being determined. The Market Value
determined by the Committee based on the opinion of the Valuation Expert shall be increased by the Committee to reflect the fair market value (determined in good faith by the Committee) of the Distributions allocable to such Phantom Unit that have been
received by the Company or a Subsidiary with respect to such Investment from the Date of Grant of the applicable Award to the date of such valuation (increased, in the case of any Distribution received in cash, by 7 per annum from the date of receipt of
such Distribution by the Company or a Subsidiary to the date of such valuation). All costs and expenses of the Valuation Expert shall be borne by the Company. 

(w) "Measurement Date" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.3. 
 
 (x) "Nonvested PARs" means the PARs subject to a Participant's Award that are not Vested PARs. 
 
 (y) "Officer" means any individual who is in an employment relationship with the Company or any parent or subsidiary corporation (as defined in Section 424 of the Code) and who is either (i) a Staff Vice President or more senior
officer of the Company or (ii) a Vice President or more senior officer of a Subsidiary. 
 
 (z) "Officer Percentage" means, with respect to each Officer and each Date of Grant, the percentage (rounded as appropriate) obtained by dividing the "Classification Percentage" for such Officer obtained in accordance with the
following schedule by the number of Officers as of such Date of Grant included among the "Classification of Officers" corresponding to such "Classification Percentage" as described in the following schedule, but in no event more than the "Maximum
Percentage" corresponding to such "Classification Percentage:" 
 
 Classification Maximum 
 Classification of Officers Percentage Percentage 
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company 3.75 3.75 
 President of the Company 2.5 2.5 
 Executive Vice Presidents of the Company 3.75 1.25 
 Senior Vice Presidents of the Company and 
 President of Continental Express, Inc. 7.1875 0.599 
 Participants in the Company's Executive Bonus Program 
 (and not included in one of the above classifications) 2.8125 0.3125 
 Category 1 officers of the Company and the Subsidiaries 
 (and not included in one of the above classifications) 0.5 0.25 
 Category 2 officers of the Company and the Subsidiaries 
 (and not included in one of the above classifications) 3.5 0.2058 
 Category 3 officers of the Company and the Subsidiaries 
 (and not included in one of the above classifications) 1.0 0.0625 
 
 The Committee shall determine from time to time the Category 1, Category 2, and Category 3 officers of the Company and the Subsidiaries, which may be different for different Awards. 
 
 (aa) "PAR" means the right to receive the difference, if any between the Market Value of a Phantom Unit and the Base Value of such Phantom Unit. 
 
 (bb) "Participant" means an Eligible Employee who has received an Award under the Program pursuant to Article IV; provided, however, that at no time shall there be more than 100 Participants under the Program with outstanding Awards
unless the Company has received an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Committee that additional Participants with outstanding Awards above such number shall not cause the Program or the Company to be considered an "investment company" within the meaning
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 
 (cc) "Performance Goal" means, with respect to each Award, that (i) the Market Value of a Phantom Unit subject to such Award exceeds the Base Value of such Phantom Unit as of the date as of which a Redemption Amount is determined
with respect to such Award, and (ii) the value of the Investment to which such Award relates and the value of Investments in different equity holdings in the same entity, together with the value of all Follow-up Investments with respect to such
Investments, exceeds the aggregate out-of pocket cost of such Investments and such Follow-up Investments to the Company and the Subsidiaries paid to the issuer or seller thereof (determined as of the date as of which a Redemption Amount is determined
with respect to such Award). For purposes of clause (ii) of the preceding sentence, the Committee shall determine the value of the applicable Investments and Follow-up Investments by reference to (A) the value of each portion of such Investments with
respect to which a Disposition has occurred as of the date of such Disposition, (B) the value of the portions of such Investments retained by the Company or a Subsidiary as of the date as of which the applicable Redemption Amount is determined, and (C)
the value of the Distributions received by the Company or a Subsidiary with respect to such Investments prior to the date referred to in clause (B) (valued as of the date of receipt of each such Distribution). Further, the Committee shall determine the
aggregate out-of pocket cost of the applicable Investments and Follow-up Investments without regard to any amount paid under the Program with respect thereto. 
 
 (dd) "Phantom Unit" means the Committee's determination of the unit by which to measure value, price, or amount with regard to any particular Investment. At the time that the first Award is made with respect to an Investment,
the Committee shall determine in its sole discretion the number of Phantom Units into which such Investment shall be divided. If the Committee does not designate the number of Phantom Units into which a particular Investment is to be divided, then the
Investment shall be divided into one million Phantom Units. 
 
 (ee) "Program" means this Continental Airlines, Inc. Officer Retention and Incentive Award Program, as amended from time to time. 
 
 (ff) "Publicly Traded" means, with respect to a particular Investment, that securities which are of the same class as the securities constituting all or substantially all of such Investment are either (i) registered under
section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and listed on a U.S. national or regional stock exchange or reported by the NASDAQ National Market System or (ii) listed for trading on a national or regional stock exchange or market in a
foreign country. An Investment shall also be considered to be Publicly Traded if the Committee determines that the Company or a Subsidiary could readily acquire by conversion, exchange, exercise or otherwise one or more securities described in the
preceding sentence with respect to all or substantially all of such Investment, and, under such circumstances, the Committee shall make appropriate and equitable adjustments to affected PARs and Awards (including, without limitation, adjustments to the
determinations of the Base Value and Market Value applicable to related Phantom Units) in connection with any redemption thereof under Article VI. 
 
 (gg) "Redeemable PARs" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.2(a). 
 
 (hh) "Redemption Amount" means, with respect to a particular Vested PAR, the difference, if any (but not less than zero), as of a specified date between (i) the Market Value as of such date of the Phantom Unit relating to such PAR
and (ii) the Base Value as of such date of such Phantom Unit. 
 
 (ii) "Redemption Election" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.1. 
 
 (jj) "Redemption Notice" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.1. 
 
 (kk) "Retirement" means, with respect to a Participant, the earlier of (i) the first date upon which such Participant has both attained 50 years of age and completed 20 or more years of service for vesting purposes under the
Continental Retirement Plan, (ii) the first date upon which such Participant has both attained 55 years of age and completed 10 or more years of service for vesting purposes under the Continental Retirement Plan, or (iii) the date upon which such
Participant has attained 65 years of age. 
 
 (ll) "Stockholder Disposition" means, with respect to each Investment, a distribution or other disposition of all or a portion of such Investment to the Company's stockholders on a pro-rata basis. 
 
 (mm) "Subsidiary" means any entity (other than the Company) with respect to which the Company, directly or indirectly through one or more other entities, owns equity interests possessing 50 percent or more of the total combined
voting power of all equity interests of such entity (excluding voting power that arises only upon the occurrence of one or more specified events). 
 
 (nn) "Termination of Service" means the termination of a Participant's employment for any reason whatsoever so that such Participant is no longer an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 
 (oo) "Trading Day" means, with respect to any Investment that is Liquid, a day during which trading in securities generally occurs in the principal securities market in which such Investment is traded. 
 
 (pp) "Transferee" means any person, corporation, partnership, limited liability company or partnership, association, trust, or other entity or organization that is not the Company or a Subsidiary. 
 
 (qq) "Valuation Expert" means, with respect to each Investment, a nationally recognized investment banking firm experienced in the valuation of property similar to such Investment. 
 
 (rr) "Vested Interest" means the portion, if any, of an Award that is vested in accordance with Article V. 
 
 (ss) "Vested PARs" means the number of PARs subject to a Participant's Award in which such Participant has a Vested Interest, determined by multiplying (i) the total number of PARs subject to such Award at the Date of Grant by
(ii) the Participant's Vested Interest as of the date the number of Vested PARs is being determined. 
 
 (tt) "Window Period" shall mean the 15-day period that begins on (and includes) the first business day of the month of each February, May, August, and November. 
 
 (uu) "Window Redemption Date" means, with respect to each Window Period and each Investment, the first Trading Day that occurs with respect to such Investment after the last day of such Window Period. 
 
 2.2 Number, Gender, Headings, and Periods of Time . Wherever appropriate herein, words used in the singular shall be considered to include the plural, and words used in the plural shall be considered to include the
singular. The masculine gender, where appearing in the Program, shall be deemed to include the feminine gender. The headings of Articles, Sections, and Paragraphs herein are included solely for convenience. If there is any conflict between such
headings and the text of the Program, the text shall control. All references to Articles, Sections, and Paragraphs are to the Program unless otherwise indicated. Any reference in the Program to a period or number of days, weeks, months, or years shall
mean, respectively, calendar days, calendar weeks, calendar months, or calendar years unless expressly provided otherwise. 
 
 III. ADMINISTRATION 
 
 3.1 Administration by the Committee . The Program shall be administered by the Committee. The action by a majority of the members of the Committee shall be the act of the Committee. The Committee may delegate such
administrative matters hereunder as it deems appropriate to officers of the Company to the extent such delegation does not cause compensation hereunder which is intended to constitute "performance-based" compensation for purposes of section 162(m) of the
Code not to be treated as such "performance-based" compensation. 
 
 3.2 Powers of the Committee . The Committee shall supervise the administration and enforcement of the Program according to the terms and provisions hereof and shall have the sole discretionary authority and all
of the powers necessary to accomplish these purposes. The Committee shall have all of the powers specified for it under the Program, including, without limitation, the power, right, or authority: (a) to select Eligible Employees to receive Awards under
the Program; (b) to determine all provisions, conditions, and terms relating to any Award, including, without limitation, determinations as to the Date of Grant, the Base Value, the Market Value, the number of PARs subject to an Award, and any adjustments
thereto; (c) from time to time to establish rules and procedures for the administration of the Program, which are not inconsistent with the provisions of the Program or the Incentive Plan 2000, and any such rules and procedures shall be effective as if
included in the Program; (d) to construe in its discretion all terms, provisions, conditions, and limitations of the Program, any Award, and any Award Notice; (e) to correct any defect or to supply any omission or to reconcile any inconsistency that may
appear in the Program or in any Award or Award Notice in such manner and to such extent as the Committee shall deem appropriate; (f) to make determinations as to whether a Disposition of an Investment has occurred; (g) to make determinations as to whether
an Investment is Publicly Traded and/or Liquid; (h) to make determinations as to whether an equity holding constitutes a Follow-up Investment; (i) to make determinations as to whether the Performance Goal applicable to an Award has been satisfied; (j) to
make determinations than an equity holding is not an Investment, pursuant to Section 2.1(s) hereof; (k) to determine whether, with respect to an Award, a Participant will forfeit 10 of the Redemption Amount upon a redemption of the Award (or any portion
thereof) relating to such Investment pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof; (l) to certify in writing, prior to the payment of any amount under the Program with respect to an Award, whether the Performance Goal relating to such Award has in fact been satisfied;
and (m) to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Program. If the Committee determines that the cost of administration of the Program, or the cost to the Company or its Subsidiaries of administration or
oversight of Investments, becomes material, the Committee may take such costs into account in determining Base Value relating to future Awards. 
 
 3.3 Committee Decisions Conclusive; Standard of Care . The Committee shall, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith (which, for purposes of this Section 3.3, shall mean the application of reasonable
business judgment), make all decisions and determinations and take all actions necessary in connection with the administration of the Program. All such decisions, determinations, and actions by the Committee shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon
all persons. The Committee shall not be liable for any decision, determination, or action taken in good faith or upon reliance in good faith on the records of the Company or information presented to the Committee by the Company's officers, employees, or
other persons (including the Valuation Experts and their employees and representatives) as to matters the Committee reasonably believes are within such other person's professional or expert competence. If a Participant disagrees with any decision,
determination, or action made or taken by the Committee, then the dispute will be limited to whether the Committee has satisfied its duty to make such decision or determination or take such action in good faith. No liability whatsoever shall attach to or
be incurred by any past, present or future stockholders, officers or directors, as such, of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, under or by reason of the Program or the administration thereof, and each Participant, in consideration of receiving
benefits and participating hereunder, expressly waives and releases any and all claims relating to any such liability. 
 
 IV. PARTICIPATION, AWARDS AND AWARD NOTICES 
 
 4.1 Participation. Each individual who is an Eligible Employee is eligible to be selected to be a Participant in the Program. Subject to the provisions of Sections 4.3, 4.4, and 4.5, (a) participation in the
Program and the granting of Awards to Eligible Employees shall be determinations made by and in the discretion of the Committee and (b) Awards shall be granted by the Committee from time to time, and at such times, as the Committee in its sole discretion
may determine. The Committee may grant any number of Awards to any one Eligible Employee without regard to the number of Awards granted to any other Eligible Employee. 
 
 4.2 Award Notices . The Company shall provide an Award Notice to each individual who receives an Award relating to a particular Investment. Each Award Notice evidencing an Award shall specify (a) the Date of Grant of
such Award, (b) the Investment to which such Award relates, (c) the number of PARs subject to such Award, (d) the Base Value of each Phantom Unit subject to a PAR granted under such Award, (e) the number of Phantom Units into which the related Investment
has been divided (if other than one million Phantom Units), (f) the vesting schedule and/or other requirements pursuant to which the Participant who holds such Award shall obtain a Vested Interest (to the extent such schedule or requirements differ from
the provisions contained in Article V), (g) whether the Participant will forfeit 10 of the Redemption Amount upon a redemption of the Award (or any portion thereof) relating to such Investment pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof, and (h) such other terms and
conditions as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion. 
 
 4.3 Limitations on PARs . The aggregate number of PARs that may be subject to Awards granted with respect to a particular Investment shall not exceed (a) with respect to any one Participant, 3.75 of the
number of Phantom Units into which such Investment has been divided, and (b) with respect to all Participants, 25 of the number of Phantom Units into which such Investment has been divided. 
 
 4.4 Special Provisions Concerning Awards to Officers . Unless an affected Officer is notified otherwise in writing by the Committee prior to the last day of the 90-day period referred to in clause (ii) of
the fourth sentence of Section 2.1(s) (or, if applicable, prior to the Date of Grant of an Award referred to in the fifth sentence of Section 2.1(s)) with respect to an Investment that becomes subject to the Program: 

(a) each Officer who is employed by the Company or a Subsidiary on the date an Investment is acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable (or, with respect to an Investment described in the fifth sentence of Section
2.1(s), the Date of Grant of an Award described in such sentence), shall receive an Award with respect to such Investment as of such date (provided, however, that Officers who are so employed on the Effective Date shall receive an Award on such date with
respect to Investments acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary prior to such date which are made subject to the Program by the Committee as of such date); and 
 
 (b) the number of PARs that shall be subject to each Award to an Officer pursuant to Section 4.4(a) shall be no less than an amount equal to (i) the Officer Percentage that is applicable to such Officer as of the Date of Grant
of such Award multiplied by (ii) the number of Phantom Units into which the Investment that is the subject of such Award has been divided (with the result rounded down to the nearest whole PAR). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 4.4 shall not apply with respect to any Follow-up Investment. 

 4.5 Special Provisions Concerning Awards with respect to Follow-up Investments . If (a) a Participant has received an Award with respect to an Existing Investment prior to the date a Follow-up Investment with
respect to such Existing Investment is acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary, (b) such Participant is either an Eligible Employee or has a Vested Interest in such Award as of the date of such acquisition, and (c) such Award has not been canceled
pursuant to Section 5.3, then such Participant shall receive an Award with respect to such Follow-up Investment as of the date the Follow-up Investment is acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary. In the case of a Participant who is an Eligible Employee
at the time such Award is made, (i) such Participant's Vested Interest in such Award shall at all times be equal to his or her Vested Interest in his or her Award relating to the Existing Investment and (ii) the number of PARs subject to such Award shall
be no less than an amount that bears the same ratio to the number of Phantom Units into which such Follow-up Investment has been divided as the number of PARs subject to such Participant's Award relating to the Existing Investment bears to the number of
Phantom Units into which the Existing Investment was divided. In the case of a Participant who is not an Eligible Employee at the time such Award is made, (A) such Participant's Vested Interest in such Award shall at all times be equal to 100 and (B)
the number of PARs subject to such Award shall equal (1) such Participant's Vested Interest in his or her Award relating to the Existing Investment multiplied by (2) an amount that bears the same ratio to the number of Phantom Units into which such Follow-up Investment has been divided as the number of PARs subject to such Participant's Award relating to the Existing Investment bears to the
number of Phantom Units into which the Existing Investment was divided. The provisions of this Section 4.5 shall apply separately to each Award held by a Participant with respect to such Existing Investment. 

 4.6 Adjustments to Outstanding Awards . In the event of (a) any recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, split-up, split-off, spin-off, exchange, or other relevant change in
capitalization of any company or other entity issuing securities constituting an Investment occurring after the date of the grant of any Award relating to such Investment, (b) a capital contribution by the Company or a Subsidiary to any company or entity
issuing securities constituting an Investment occurring after the date of the grant of any Award relating to such Investment, (c) the exercise by the Company or a Subsidiary of an option, warrant, or other purchase right constituting an Investment after
the date of the grant of any Award relating to such Investment, or (d) the occurrence of any other event which, in the judgment and sole discretion of the Committee, should cause a change in the rights of the Participants with respect to their Awards
under the Program, then the Committee shall make such adjustments under the Program and to any outstanding Awards with respect to the number of PARs subject to such Awards, the Base Value of the Phantom Units subject to such PARs, the number of Phantom
Units relating to such Investment or any other term or condition applicable to such PARs or Awards (including, without limitation, dividing an Award into two or more Awards) as, in the sole discretion of the Committee, shall (i) be equitable and
appropriate under the circumstances, (ii) be consistent with the intent of the Program, and (iii) preclude an increase in the compensation payable to a Participant with respect to an Award beyond that which was intended under the Program. Subject to the
principles set forth in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of the preceding sentence, Awards may also be adjusted by the Committee as provided in other provisions of the Program. Any adjustments made by the Committee pursuant to this Section shall be final,
binding, and conclusive on all parties. 
 
 V. VESTING OF AWARDS 

Determination of Vested Interest . Subject to the provisions of Section 4.5, a Participant shall obtain a Vested Interest in an Award at the rate of 6.25 for each full three-month period (commencing on the Date of
Grant of such Award) that the Participant remains continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary. Further, if a Participant incurs a Termination of Service by reason of death, Disability or Retirement, then such Participant shall obtain on the date
of such termination a 100 Vested Interest in all then outstanding Awards held by such Participant; provided, however, that if such Retirement occurs prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, (a) such Participant's Vested Interest in all
Awards shall be frozen, (b) the Vested Interest of such Participant in his or her Awards shall not increase after such date, and (c) the Nonvested PARs (determined as of such date) subject to such Awards shall be surrendered to the Company and canceled.
Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide in an Award Notice or in an employment agreement a different vesting schedule or vesting provisions pursuant to which a Participant shall acquire
a Vested Interest in his or her Award(s). 

5.2 Termination of Service other than for Cause and not by reason of death, Disability or Retirement. Except as provided in Section 5.4 and unless otherwise provided in an Award Notice or a Participant's employment agreement,
as of the date a Participant incurs a Termination of Service other than for Cause (and not by reason of death, Disability or Retirement), (a) such Participant's Vested Interest in all Awards shall be frozen, (b) the Vested Interest of such Participant in
his or her Awards shall not increase after such date, and (c) the Nonvested PARs (determined as of such date) subject to such Awards shall be surrendered to the Company and canceled; provided, however, that if, upon such Participant's Termination of
Service other than for Cause (and not by reason of death, Disability or Retirement) any of such Participant's stock options granted under the Incentive Plan 2000 or any other stock option plan or program of the Company vest in their entirety (except as a
result of the expiration of an employment agreement occuring prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date), then such Participant's Awards shall vest in their entirety (so that such Participant has a 100 Vested Interest in such Awards). 
 
 5.3 Termination of Service for Cause . Upon a determination by the Committee that a Participant has incurred a Termination of Service for Cause, (a) all outstanding Awards (including the Vested PARs and Nonvested PARs
subject thereto) shall be canceled, effective as of the date of such Termination of Service, (b) no outstanding PARs under Awards held by such Participant shall be redeemable, and (c) no amount, including, without limitation, any amount payable under
Article VI, shall be paid under the Program to such Participant from and after the date of such Termination of Service. Such Participant shall surrender all outstanding Awards to the Company, and all Awards of such Participant shall be canceled. 
 
 5.4 Special Change in Control Vesting Provisions . A Participant who is employed by the Company or a Subsidiary on the date a Change in Control occurs shall obtain on such date a 100 Vested Interest in all then
outstanding Awards held by such Participant; provided, that if the Change in Control is the result of a business combination with Northwest or any Person (as defined in the Incentive Plan 2000) controlling, controlled by or under common control with
Northwest, then the Committee shall determine whether, in connection with such business combination, a change in the composition of the persons with authority to exercise policy-making functions with respect to the business of the Company has or is
reasonably expected to occur, such that the expectations of employees of the Company concerning the direction and management of the Company would be reasonably expected to be materially affected, and a Change in Control shall be deemed to occur as a
result of such business combination only if the Committee determines that such a change has or is reasonably expected to occur. Notwithstanding any determination by the Committee that such a change has not or is not reasonably expected to occur, if a
Participant who is employed by the Company or a Subsidiary on the date of the closing of a business combination with Northwest or any Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with Northwest which, but for the determination by the
Committee, would constitute a Change in Control, incurs a Termination of Service at any time during the two-year period following the date of such closing, and such Termination of Service is for any reason other than Cause or the voluntary resignation of
such Participant, then such Participant shall obtain on the date of such Termination of Service a 100 Vested Interest in all then outstanding Awards held by such Participant. 
 
 5.5 Accelerated Vesting . At any time, and from time to time, the Committee may in its sole discretion accelerate the vesting of an Award such that the Participant who holds such Award will have a greater Vested
Interest than such Participant would have otherwise had pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Article V or the vesting schedule set forth in the Award Notice evidencing such Award or such Participant's employment agreement. Actions by the
Committee pursuant to this Section may vary among Participants and may vary among the Awards held by an individual Participant. 
 
 VI. AWARD REDEMPTIONS 
 
 6.1 Redemptions Elected by a Participant . On or before the first day of each Window Period, the Committee shall (a) identify each Investment that the Committee anticipates will be Liquid as of the Window
Redemption Date immediately following the last day of such Window Period and (b) provide notice of the same (the "Redemption Notice") to each Participant who is expected to be holding Vested PARs (determined as of such Window Redemption Date) under an
Award relating to such Investment as of such Window Redemption Date. During each Window Period, a Participant who has received a Redemption Notice (or, should the Committee fail to deliver such notice, who should have received a Redemption Notice
hereunder) may elect by irrevocable written notice to the Committee to redeem as of the next following Window Redemption Date all or any portion of such Participant's unredeemed Vested PARs that relate to an Investment that is both (1) specified in the
Committee's Redemption Notice for such Window Period (or, but for the failure to deliver such notice, would have been so specified) and (2) Liquid as of such Window Redemption Date. Any such election (a "Redemption Election") must specify the Award to
which such election relates and the number of such Participant's unredeemed Vested PARs under such Award to which such election shall apply. If a Participant makes a Redemption Election with respect to an Award, then the Company shall pay to the
Participant the Redemption Amount applicable to the Vested PARs that are the subject of such Redemption Election; provided, however, that if the Committee has made a determination described in the Award Notice that the Participant will forfeit 10 of the
Redemption Amount upon a redemption of the Award (or any portion thereof) pursuant to this Section 6.1, then such Participant shall receive a payment of only 90 of such Redemption Amount, and the remaining 10 of such Redemption Amount shall be forfeited
to the Company. The amount described in the preceding sentence shall be determined as of the applicable Window Redemption Date (and the Market Value of the Phantom Unit subject to each such PAR shall be determined under (A) Section 2.1(v)(i) if the
Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable, makes a Disposition corresponding to a Participant's Redemption Election or (B) Section 2.1(v)(ii) if no such Disposition is made), and shall be paid to the Participant in a single lump sum cash payment as soon as
administratively practicable, but not later than 30 days, after the applicable Window Redemption Date. Upon such redemption, the PARs so redeemed shall be surrendered to the Company, and all such redeemed PARs shall be canceled. If a Participant makes a
Redemption Election with respect to an Award and the Investment relating to such Award is not Liquid as of the applicable Window Redemption Date, then such Redemption Election shall be void and of no effect. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of
this Section, prior to any payment pursuant to this Section with respect to an Award, the Committee must certify in writing that the Performance Goal was satisfied with respect to such Award as of the applicable Window Redemption Date. Such certification
shall be made as soon as administratively feasible, but no later than 30 days, after the end of the applicable Window Period and shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Company. For purposes of this Section, approved minutes of the Committee in which
the certification is made shall be treated as a written certification. 

Redemption Upon Disposition of All or a Portion of an Investment . 

(a) For purposes of this Section 6.2, each Investment shall be deemed to be subdivided into a number of sub-investments equal to the number of Phantom Units into which such Investment was divided. A number of such
sub-investments equal to the number of PARs that have been awarded to a Participant under an Award relating to such Investment shall be associated with such Participant's Award. Upon any Disposition of all or a portion of an Investment, the Company or a
Subsidiary, as applicable, shall be deemed to have first disposed of the sub-investments corresponding to PARs that have been redeemed pursuant to Section 6.1 contemporaneously with or prior to such Disposition, and no payments under this Section 6.2
shall be made with respect to the disposition of any such sub-investments. The remaining provisions of this Section 6.2 shall apply only when (and to the extent that) the Company and the Subsidiaries have disposed of a number of sub-investments that
exceed the corresponding number of PARs that have been redeemed pursuant to Section 6.1 and this Section 6.2 prior to such disposition (an "Excess Disposition"). As soon as administratively feasible after the Disposition of all or a portion of an
Investment that results in an Excess Disposition, the Committee shall determine, with respect to each outstanding Award relating to such Investment, the number of PARs, if any, that shall be subject to redemption or cancellation pursuant to this Section
6.2 in connection with such Disposition. Such number of PARs with respect to an outstanding Award (the "Redeemable PARs") shall equal A multiplied by B , where A equals (i) the number of sub-investments that constitute such Excess Disposition divided by (ii) the number of sub-investments into which such Investment was deemed divided
pursuant to this Section 6.2(a), and B equals the number of unredeemed PARs subject to such outstanding Award at the time of such Disposition. The Committee shall also determine and certify in writing whether the Performance Goal was satisfied (determined as of the date of such
Excess Disposition) with respect to each then outstanding Award relating to such Investment. If the Performance Goal was not so satisfied with respect to such an Award, then the Redeemable PARs shall be surrendered to the Company and canceled. If the
Performance Goal was so satisfied with respect to such Award, then the Redeemable PARs shall be redeemed as provided in this Section. The Committee certifications required pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Company. For
purposes of this Section, approved minutes of the Committee in which the certifications are made shall be treated as a written certification. 
 
 (b) Upon the occurrence of an Excess Disposition, the outstanding Redeemable PARs related thereto with respect to which the Performance Goal was satisfied as provided above shall remain outstanding, and each Participant who
holds such Redeemable PARs shall continue to obtain a Vested Interest therein in accordance with the provisions of Article V until such Participant's Vested Interest becomes frozen in accordance with Article V or the Award under which such Redeemable PARs
were granted is forfeited in accordance with Article V. Subject to the provisions of Section 5.3, as soon as administratively feasible, but not more than 10 days, after the later of the date of the Excess Disposition or the certification required by the
Committee pursuant to Section 6.2(a), the Company shall make a redemption payment to each Participant who is entitled to a redemption pursuant to this Section in an amount equal to the Redemption Amount (determined as of the date of the Excess
Disposition) applicable to the Redeemable PARs that are Vested PARs (determined as of the date of the Excess Disposition). In addition, within 10 days after each date upon which such Participant's remaining Redeemable PARs become Vested PARs, the Company
shall make an additional redemption payment to such Participant in an amount equal to the Redemption Amount (determined as of the date of the Excess Disposition) applicable to such Redeemable PARs that become Vested PARs, together with 7 interest
(compounded annually) on such additional redemption payment for the period beginning on the date of the payment to such Participant pursuant to the preceding sentence and ending on the date of payment of such additional redemption payment. Upon payment by
the Company with respect to a Redeemable PAR as provide above, the PAR so redeemed shall be surrendered to the Company and canceled. All payments under this Section shall be made in cash. 
 
 6.3 Redemption Upon Expiration of Investment Period . As soon as administratively feasible after the last day of the Investment Period relating to an Investment, the Committee shall certify in writing
whether the Performance Goal was satisfied (determined as of the last day of such Investment Period (or as of the first business day following such date if such date is not a business day) (the "Measurement Date")) with respect to each then outstanding
Award relating to such Investment. If the Performance Goal was not so satisfied with respect to such an Award, then such Award shall be surrendered to the Company and canceled. If the Performance Goal was so satisfied with respect to such an Award, then
the Company shall redeem the Vested PARs under such Award (determined as of the Measurement Date), and such Award (including the Vested PARs and Nonvested PARs subject thereto) shall be surrendered to the Company and canceled. The amount paid by the
Company to a Participant who is entitled to a redemption payment pursuant to this Section with respect to such Participant's Vested PARs shall be the Redemption Amount applicable to such Vested PARs (determined as of the Measurement Date). A redemption
payment provided for in this Section shall be paid to the Participant in a single lump sum cash payment as soon as administratively practicable, but not later than 60 days, after the last day of the applicable Investment Period. The Committee
certifications required pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Company. For purposes of this Section, approved minutes of the Committee in which the certifications are made shall be treated as a written certification. 
 
 6.4 Limitations with respect to Redemption Payments . Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, (a) except as expressly provided in this Article VI, a Participant shall not have any right to any
payment under the Program, (b) in no event shall a payment be made with respect to the portion of an Award in which a Participant does not have a Vested Interest, and (c) in no event shall a payment be made with respect to an Award in excess of the
limitations on the maximum amount that may be paid with respect to Awards contained in the Incentive Plan 2000. 
 
 VII. STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL, TERMINATION, 
 AND AMENDMENT OF PROGRAM 
 
 7.1 Stockholder Approval . The Program shall be effective as of the Effective Date; provided that the Incentive Plan 2000 is approved by the Company's stockholders in the manner required under section 162(m) of
the Code at the Company's 2000 annual meeting of stockholders. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, no payment under the Program shall be made to or on behalf of any Participant unless the Incentive Plan 2000 is so approved by the
Company's stockholders. If the Company's stockholders do not so approve the Incentive Plan 2000, then (a) all Awards under the Program shall be void ab initio and of no further effect and (b) the Program shall terminate. 
 
 7.2 Termination and Amendment . The Committee may amend the Program at any time and from time to time, and the Committee may at any time terminate the Program; provided, however, that the Program may not be amended or
terminated in a manner that would impair (a) the rights of a Participant with respect to an outstanding Award or (b) the right of a Participant with respect to an Existing Investment as of the date of such amendment or termination to receive (or the Base
Value of) an Award with respect to a related Follow-up Investment pursuant to Section 4.5, without, in each such case, the consent of such Participant. The Committee shall remain in existence after the termination of the Program for the period determined necessary by the Committee to facilitate the termination of the Program, and all provisions of the Program
that are necessary, in the opinion of the Committee, for equitable operation of the Program during such period shall remain in force. 
 
 VIII. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 
 8.1 No Effect on Employment Relationship or SERP . For all purposes of the Program, a Participant shall be considered to be in the employment of the Company as long as he or she remains employed on a full-time basis by
the Company or any Subsidiary. Nothing in the adoption of the Program, the grant of Awards, or the payment of amounts under the Program shall confer on any person the right to continued employment by the Company or any Subsidiary or affect in any way the
right of the Company (or a Subsidiary, if applicable) to terminate such employment at any time. Unless otherwise provided in a written employment agreement, the employment of each Participant shall be on an at-will basis, and the employment relationship
may be terminated at any time by either the Participant or the Participant's employer for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause. Any question as to whether and when there has been a termination of a Participant's employment for purposes of the
Program, and the reason for such termination, shall be determined solely by and in the discretion of the Committee, and its determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all parties. Any Participant who has a supplemental executive retirement
plan (SERP) with the Company or any Subsidiary understands and agrees, by accepting any Award under the Program, that any Redemption Amount paid with respect to any Award constitutes a cash bonus paid under a long term incentive plan or program adopted by Company and thus shall be excluded from such Participant's cash compensation for purposes of calculating benefits payable under such SERP. 
 
 8.2 Prohibition Against Assignment or Encumbrance . No Award, PAR, or other right, title, interest, or benefit hereunder shall ever be assignable or transferable, or liable for, or charged with any of the torts or
obligations of a Participant or any person claiming under a Participant, or be subject to seizure by any creditor of a Participant or any person claiming under a Participant. No Participant or any person claiming under a Participant shall have the power
to anticipate or dispose of any Award, PAR, or other right, title, interest, or benefit hereunder in any manner until the same shall have actually been distributed free and clear of the terms of the Program. Payments with respect to an Award shall be
payable only to the Participant (or (a) in the event of a Disability that renders such Participant incapable of conducting his or her own affairs, any payment due under the Program to such Participant shall be made to his or her duly appointed legal
representative and (b) in the event of the death of a Participant, any payment due under the Program to such Participant shall be made to his or her estate). The provisions of the Program shall be binding on all successors and assigns of a Participant,
including without limitation the estate of such Participant and the executor, administrator or trustee of such estate, or any receiver or trustee in bankruptcy or representative of the Participant's creditors. 
 
 8.3 Unfunded, Unsecured Program . The Program shall constitute an unfunded, unsecured obligation of the Company to make payments of incentive compensation to certain individuals from its general assets in accordance
with the Program. Each Award and PAR granted under the Program merely constitutes a mechanism for measuring such incentive compensation and does not constitute a property right or interest in the Company, any Subsidiary, or any of their assets
(including, without limitation, any Investment or any Distribution with respect to any Investment). Neither the establishment of the Program, the granting of Awards, nor any other action taken in connection with the Program shall be deemed to (a) create
any interest in an Investment (nor to constitute the direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or other disposition thereof (or of any part thereof) or of any interest therein), (b) create an escrow or trust fund of any kind, (c) create any
fiduciary relationship of the Company or any Subsidiary, or of any officer, director, employee or agent thereof, with respect to any Investment or any Participant, or (d) restrict or affect in any way the acquisition, holding, voting, disposition or the
taking of any action with respect to any Investment by the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 
 8.4 No Rights of Participant . No Participant shall have any security or other interest in any assets of the Company or any Subsidiary (including, without limitation, any Investment or any Distribution with respect to
any Investment) as a result of participation in the Program. Participants and all persons claiming under Participants shall rely solely on the unsecured promise of the Company set forth herein, and nothing in the Program, an Award or an Award Notice shall
be construed to give a Participant or anyone claiming under a Participant any right, title, interest, or claim in or to any specific asset, fund, entity, reserve, account, or property of any kind whatsoever owned by the Company or any Subsidiary or in
which the Company or any Subsidiary may have an interest now or in the future; but each Participant shall have the right to enforce any claim hereunder in the same manner as a general creditor. Neither the establishment of the Program nor participation
hereunder shall create any right in any Participant to make any decision, or provide input with respect to any decision, relating to any Investment or the business of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 
 8.5 Tax Withholding . The Company and the Subsidiaries are hereby directed to deduct and withhold, or cause to be withheld, from a Participant's payment under the Program, or from any other payment to such Participant,
an amount necessary to satisfy any and all tax withholding obligations arising under applicable local, state, federal, or foreign laws associated with such payment. The Company and the Subsidiaries may take any other action as may in its opinion be
necessary to satisfy all obligations for the payment and withholding of such taxes. 
 
 8.6 No Effect on Other Compensation Arrangements . Nothing contained in the Program or any Participant's Award or Award Notice shall prevent the Company or any Subsidiary from adopting or continuing in effect other or
additional compensation arrangements affecting any Participant. Nothing in the Program shall be construed to affect the provisions of any other plan or program maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 
 8.7 Subsidiaries . The Company may require any Subsidiary employing a Participant to assume and guarantee the Company's obligations hereunder to such Participant, either at all times or solely in the event that
such Subsidiary ceases to be a Subsidiary. 
 
 8.8 Governing Law . Except to the extent federal law applies and preempts state law, the Program shall be construed, enforced, and administered according to the laws of the State of Texas, excluding any conflict-of-law
rule or principle that might refer construction of the Program to the laws of another State or country. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officer of the Company acting pursuant to authority granted to him by the Committee has executed this instrument on the Effective Date. 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By: 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 12
 exhibit1017a.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.17(A)

AWARD NOTICE 

Exhibit 10.17(a) 
 
 AWARD NOTICE 
 to [ ] 
 Date of Grant: ________________ 
 Pursuant to the Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 Officer Retention and Incentive Award Program 
 
 This document constitutes your formal Award Notice as a Participant under the Continental Airlines, Inc. Officer Retention and Incentive Award Program (as amended from time to time, the "Retention Program") adopted under the Continental Airlines, Inc.
Incentive Plan 2000 (as amended from time to time, the "Incentive Plan 2000"). This Award Notice evidences your receipt of _________Award[s] under the Retention Program, as follows: 

An Award of ________ PARs with a Base Value of _____ per Phantom Unit relating to the Company's Investment in ____________of____________; 

 [An Award of ________ PARs with a Base Value of ______ per Phantom Unit relating to the Company's Investment in ___________of __________.] 

Each PAR represents the right to receive the difference, if any, between the Market Value of a Phantom Unit and the Base Value of such Phantom Unit. A Phantom Unit is the Human Resources Committee's determination of the unit by which to measure
value, price or amount with respect to any Investment and, with respect to the Phantom Units on which your PARs are based, is one-millionth of the Investment. Your Awards do not create any interest in any of the Investments owned by the Company or a
Subsidiary, which remain the sole property of the Company or the Subsidiary. Your Awards are instead a right to receive a cash payment measured by a portion of the gain and profits associated with the related Investments. Your Awards are subject to
adjustment in the manner specified in Section 4.6 of the Retention Program. 

 Your Awards vest at the rate of 6.25 for each full three-month period (commencing on the Date of Grant, which is set forth above) that you remain continuously employed by the Company of a Subsidiary, or as otherwise set forth in the Retention Program.

Your Awards may be redeemed in any of three circumstances. First, if the related Investment is Liquid, you may redeem any or all of your related vested PARs by giving notice to the Company (on a form to be prescribed by the Company) during one of
four Window Periods each year, and those PARs will be redeemed by the Company promptly after the end of the applicable Window Period. Second, if the Company makes a Disposition of the related Investment, you may be entitled to a redemption of some or all
or your related unredeemed PARs. Payment would be made promptly after the Disposition with respect to vested PARs and promptly after vesting with respect to unvested PARs. Third, any unredeemed vested PARs will be redeemed promptly after the 10 th anniversary of the date of grant of the first award to any individual under the Retention Program related to the applicable Investment. In each case, prior to any redemption, the Human Resources Committee must certify that the related
Performance Goal with respect to the Award was satisfied. All redemptions will be made in cash. 

 Generally, the Performance Goal with respect to an Award is that (i) the Market Value of a Phantom Unit subject to such Award exceeds the Base Value of such Phantom Unit as of the date as of which a Redemption Amount is determined with respect to such
Award, and (ii) the value of the Investment to which such Award relates and the value of Investments in different equity holdings in the same entity, together with the value of all Follow-up Investments with respect to such Investments, exceeds the
aggregate out-of-pocket cost of such Investments and such Follow-up Investments to the Company and the Subsidiaries paid to the issuer or seller thereof (determined as of the date as of which a Redemption Amount is determined with respect to such Award). 

 A Participant who is employed by the Company or a Subsidiary on the date a Change in Control occurs shall obtain on such date a 100 Vested Interest in all then outstanding Awards held by such Participant; provided, that if the Change
in Control is the result of a business combination with Northwest Airlines Corporation ("Northwest") or any Person (as defined in the Incentive Plan 2000) controlling, controlled by or under common control with Northwest, then the Committee shall
determine whether, in connection with such business combination, a change in the composition of the persons with authority to exercise policy-making functions with respect to the business of the Company has or is reasonably expected to occur, such that
the expectations of employees of the Company concerning the direction and management of the Company would be reasonably expected to be materially affected, and a Change in Control shall be deemed to occur as a result of such business combination only if
the Committee determines that such a change has or is reasonably expected to occur. Notwithstanding any determination by the Committee that such a change has not or is not reasonably expected to occur, if a Participant who is employed by the Company or a
Subsidiary on the date of the closing of a business combination with Northwest or any Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with Northwest which, but for the determination by the Committee, would constitute a Change in Control, incurs
a Termination of Service at any time during the two-year period following the date of such closing, and such Termination of Service is for any reason other than Cause or the voluntary resignation of such Participant, then such Participant shall obtain on
the date of such Termination of Service a 100 Vested Interest in all then outstanding Awards held by such Participant. 

 Capitalized terms used in this Award Notice are defined in the Retention Program, and the Awards are subject to the terms of the Retention Program and the Incentive Plan 2000. The Retention Program and the Incentive Plan 2000 are hereby incorporated
into this Award Notice by reference. 

 If you have any questions, or wish to obtain a copy of the Retention Program or the Incentive Plan 2000, please contact _______________. 

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By:_________________________ 
 [Authorized Officer] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 13
 exhibit1018.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.18

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.18 

May 18, 1999 

 [name and address of director] 

 Dear [first name]: 

 At its November 2, 1995 meeting, the Board of Directors of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), pursuant to the recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors and resolutions duly adopted by the Board, granted certain
lifetime flight benefits to the non-employee members of the Board of Directors of the Company. At its May 18, 1999 meeting, the Board, pursuant to the recommendation of the Human Resources Committee and resolutions duly adopted by the Board, authorized
the amendment of such flight benefits. The purpose of this letter agreement, as contemplated and authorized by such resolutions, is to set forth the contractual obligations of the parties with respect to such flight benefits. This letter agreement amends
in its entirety and replaces any prior agreements between you and the Company relating to your flight benefits. 

 Pursuant to such resolutions, you are hereby granted Flight Benefits for your lifetime. As used herein, "Flight Benefits" means flight benefits on each airline operated by the Company or any of its affiliates or any successor or successors thereto
(the "CO system"), consisting of the highest priority space available flight passes for you and your eligible family members (as such eligibility is in effect on the date hereof), a Universal Air Travel Plan (UATP) card (or, in the event of discontinuance
of the UATP program, a similar charge card permitting the purchase of air travel through direct billing to the Company or any successor or successors thereto (a "Similar Card")) in your name for charging on an annual basis up to the applicable Annual
Travel Limit (as hereinafter defined) with respect to such year in value (valued identically to the calculation of imputed income resulting from such flight benefits described below) of flights (in any fare class) on the CO system for you, your spouse,
your family and significant others as determined by you, a Platinum Elite OnePass Card (or similar highest category successor frequent flyer card) in your name for use on the CO system, a membership for you and your spouse in the Company's President's
Club (or any successor program maintained in the CO system) and payment by the Company to you while a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (and if you shall have five or more years of service on the Board of Directors of the Company, or retire
from the Board after age 70, after your service as a Board member during your lifetime) of an annual amount (not to exceed in any year the applicable Annual Gross Up Limit (as hereinafter defined) with respect to such year) sufficient to pay, on an after
tax basis (i.e., after the payment by you of all taxes on such amount), the U.S. federal, state and local income taxes (or, if you are not subject to U.S. income tax, the national, provincial, local and other income taxes to which you are subject) on
imputed income resulting from such flights (such imputed income to be calculated during the term of such Flight Benefits at the lowest published fare (i.e., 21 day advance purchase coach fare, lowest negotiated consolidator net fare, or other lowest
available fare) for the applicable itinerary (or similar flights on or around the date of such flight), regardless of the actual fare class booked or flown, or as otherwise required by law) or resulting from any other flight benefits extended to you as a
result of your service as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

 As used herein, with respect to any year, the term "Annual Travel Limit" shall mean an amount (initially 50,000), which amount shall be adjusted (i) annually (beginning with the year 2000) by multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of
which shall be the Company's average fare per revenue passenger for its jet operations (excluding regional jets) with respect to the applicable year as reported in its Annual Report on Form 10-K (or, if not so reported, as determined by the Company's
independent auditors) (the "Average Fare") for such year, and the denominator of which shall be the Average Fare for the prior year, (ii) annually to add thereto any portion of such amount unused since the year 1999, and (iii) after adjustments described
in clauses (i) and (ii) above, automatically upon any change in the valuation methodology for imputed income from flights (as compared with the valuation methodology for imputed income from flights used by the Company on the date hereof), so as to
preserve the benefit of 50,000 annually (adjusted in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) above) of flights relative to current valuation methodology (e.g., if a change in the valuation methodology results, on average, in such flights being valued 15 
higher than current valuation, then the Annual Travel Limit would be increased by 15 to 57,500, assuming no other adjustments pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above). In determining any adjustment pursuant to clause (iii) above, the Company shall be
entitled to rely on a good faith calculation performed by its independent auditors based on a statistically significant random sampling of flight valuations compared with the applicable prior valuations of identical flights, which calculation (and the
basis for any adjustments pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) above) will be provided to you upon your request. The Company will promptly notify you in writing of any adjustments to the Annual Travel Limit described in this paragraph. 

 As used herein, with respect to any year, the term "Annual Gross Up Limit" shall mean an amount (initially 10,000), which amount shall be adjusted (i) annually (beginning with the year 2000) by multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of
which shall be the Average Fare for such year, and the denominator of which shall be the Average Fare for the prior year, (ii) annually to add thereto any portion of such amount unused since the year 1999, and (iii) after adjustments described in clauses
(i) and (ii) above, automatically upon any change in the valuation methodology for imputed income from flights (as compared with the valuation methodology for imputed income from flights used by the Company on the date hereof), so as to preserve the
benefit of 10,000 annually (adjusted in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) above) of tax gross up relative to current valuation methodology (e.g., if a change in the valuation methodology results, on average, in flights being valued 15 higher than
current valuation, then the Annual Gross Up Limit would be increased by 15 to 11,500, assuming no other adjustments pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above). In determining any adjustment pursuant to clause (iii) above, the Company shall be entitled to
rely on a good faith calculation performed by its independent auditors based on a statistically significant random sampling of flight valuations compared with the applicable prior valuations of identical flights, which calculation (and the basis for any
adjustments pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) above) will be provided to you upon your request. The Company will promptly notify you in writing of any adjustments to the Annual Gross Up Limit described in this paragraph. 

 As used herein, a year may consist of twelve consecutive months other than a calendar year, it being the Company's current practice for purposes of Flight Benefits for a year to commence on December 1 and end on the following November 30 (for example,
the twelve-month period from December 1, 1998 to November 30, 1999 is considered the year 1999 for purposes of Flight Benefits); provided that all calculations for purposes of clause (i) in the prior two paragraphs shall be with respect to fiscal years of
the Company. 

 As used herein, the term "affiliates" of the Company means any entity controlled by, controlling, or under common control with the Company, it being understood that control of an entity shall require the direct or indirect ownership of a majority of
the outstanding capital stock of such entity. 

 No tickets issued on the CO system in connection with the Flight Benefits may be purchased other than directly from the Company or its successor or successors (i.e., no travel agent or other fee or commission based distributor may be used), nor may
any such tickets be sold or transferred by you or any other person, nor may any such tickets be used by any person other than the person in whose name the ticket is issued. You agree that, after receipt of an invoice or other accounting statement therefor, you will promptly (and in any event within 45 days after receipt of such invoice or other accounting
statement) reimburse the Company for all charges on your UATP card (or Similar Card) which are not for flights on the CO system and which are not otherwise reimbursable to you under the existing policies of the Company for reimbursement of business
expenses of members of the Board of Directors, or which are for tickets in excess of the applicable Annual Travel Limit. You agree that the credit availability under your UATP card (or Similar Card) may be suspended if you do not timely reimburse the
Company as described in the foregoing sentence or if you exceed the applicable Annual Travel Limit with respect to a year; provided, that, immediately upon the Company's receipt of your reimbursement in full (or, in the case of exceeding the applicable
Annual Travel Limit, beginning the next following year and after such reimbursement), the credit availability under your UATP card (or Similar Card) will be restored. 

 The sole cost to you of flights on the CO system pursuant to use of your Flight Benefits will be the imputed income with respect to flights on the CO system charged on your UATP card (or Similar Card), calculated throughout the term of your Flight
Benefits at the lowest published fare (i.e., 21 day advance purchase coach fare, lowest negotiated consolidator net fare or other lowest available fare) for the applicable itinerary (or similar flights on or around the date of such flight), regardless of
the actual fare class booked or flown, or as otherwise required by law, and reported to you as required by applicable law. With respect to any period for which the Company is obligated to provide the tax gross up described above, you will provide to the
Company, upon request, a calculation or other evidence of your marginal tax rate sufficient to permit the Company to calculate accurately the amount to be paid to you. 

 You will be issued a UATP card (or Similar Card), a Platinum Elite OnePass Card (or similar highest category successor frequent flyer card), a membership card in the Company's Presidents Club (or any successor program maintained in the CO system) for
you and your spouse, and an appropriate flight pass identification card, each valid at all times during the term of your Flight Benefits. 

 This letter agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor of the Company, including without limitation any person, association, or entity which may hereafter acquire or succeed to all or substantially all
of the business or assets of Company by any means whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise. This letter agreement and the benefits or obligations hereunder may not be assigned by you. 

 If you are in agreement with the terms of this letter agreement, please execute the enclosed copy hereof and return it to the Company at the above address, whereupon this letter agreement will become a binding obligation of the parties hereto. 

Sincerely, 

 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By:_________________________________ 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED 
 as of the date first above written: 

____________________________________ 
 [name of director] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 14
 exhibit1020t.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.20(T)

Supplemental Agreement No 

Exhibit 10.20(t) 
 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 19 
 
 to 
 
 Purchase Agreement No. 1951 
 
 between 
 
 The Boeing Company 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 
 Relating to Boeing Model 737 Aircraft 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT, entered into as of 
October 31, 2000, by and between THE BOEING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation with its principal office in Seattle, Washington, (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its principal office in Houston, Texas (Buyer); 

 WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered into Purchase Agreement No. 1951 dated July 23, 1996 (the Agreement), as amended and supplemented, relating to Boeing Model 737-500, 737-600, 737-700, 737-800, and 737-900 aircraft (the Aircraft); and 

 WHEREAS, Buyer has requested to [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and 

 WHEREAS, Buyer has requested to [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and 
 
 WHEREAS, Buyer has requested to [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Buyer have mutually agreed that the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Buyer have mutually agreed to amend the Agreement to incorporate the effect of these and certain other changes; 

 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Agreement as follows: 

1. Table of Contents and Tables : 

 1.1 Remove and replace, in its entirety, the " Table of Contents ", with the Table of Contents attached hereto, to reflect the changes made by this Supplemental Agreement No. 19. 

 1.2 Remove and replace, in its entirely, page T-3 of Table 1 entitled " Aircraft Deliveries and Descriptions " that relates to Model 737-800 Aircraft with new pages T-3-1 and T-3-2 attached hereto for the Model 737-800 Aircraft reflecting the 
[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 

Letter Agreements : 

Remove and replace, in its entirety, Letter Agreement 

1951-3R11, " Option Aircraft - Model 737-824 Aircraft ", with Letter Agreement 1951-3R12, " Option Aircraft - Model 737-824 Aircraft ", attached hereto to reflect the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 

The Agreement will be deemed to be supplemented to the extent herein provided as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By: /s/ Henry H. Hart By: /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its: Attorney-In-Fact Its: Senior Vice President-Finance 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page SA 
 Number Number 
 
 ARTICLES 
 
 1. Subject Matter of Sale 1-1 SA 5 

 2. Delivery, Title and Risk 
of Loss 2-1 

 3. Price of Aircraft 3-1 SA 5 

 4. Taxes 4-1 

 5. Payment 5-1 

 6. Excusable Delay 6-1 

 7. Changes to the Detail 
Specification 7-1 SA 5 

 8. Federal Aviation Requirements and 
Certificates and Export License 8-1 SA 5 

 9. Representatives, Inspection, 
Flights and Test Data 9-1 

 10. Assignment, Resale or Lease 10-1 

 11. Termination for Certain Events 11-1 

 12. Product Assurance; Disclaimer and 
Release; Exclusion of Liabilities; 
Customer Support; Indemnification 
and Insurance 12-1 

 13. Buyer Furnished Equipment and 
Spare Parts 13-1 

 14. Contractual Notices and Requests 14-1 SA 17 

 15. Miscellaneous 15-1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Page SA 
 Number Number 
 TABLES 
 
 1. Aircraft Deliveries and 
Descriptions - 737-500 T-1 SA 3 

 Aircraft Deliveries and 
Descriptions - 737-700 T-2 SA 13 

 Aircraft Deliveries and 
Descriptions - 737-800 T-3 SA 19 

 Aircraft Deliveries and 
Descriptions - 737-600 T-4 SA 4 

 Aircraft Deliveries and 
Descriptions - 737-900 T-5 SA 5 

EXHIBITS 
 
 A-1 Aircraft Configuration - Model 737-724 SA 2 

 A-2 Aircraft Configuration - Model 737-824 SA 2 

 A-3 Aircraft Configuration - Model 737-624 SA 1 

 A-4 Aircraft Configuration - Model 737-524 SA 3 

 A-5 Aircraft Configuration - Model 737-924 SA 5 

 B Product Assurance Document SA 1 

 C Customer Support Document - Code Two - 
Major Model Differences SA 1 

 C1 Customer Support Document - Code Three - 
Minor Model Differences SA 1 

 D Aircraft Price Adjustments - New 
Generation Aircraft (1995 Base Price) SA 1 

 D1 Airframe and Engine Price Adjustments - Current 
Generation Aircraft SA 1 

 D2 Aircraft Price Adjustments - New 
Generation Aircraft (1997 Base Price) SA 5 

 E Buyer Furnished Equipment 
Provisions Document SA 5 

 F Defined Terms Document SA 5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SA 
 Number 

LETTER AGREEMENTS 

1951-1 Not Used 

 1951-2R3 Seller Purchased Equipment SA 5 

 1951-3R12 Option Aircraft-Model 737-824 Aircraft SA 19 

 1951-4R1 Waiver of Aircraft Demonstration SA 1 

 1951-5R2 Promotional Support - New Generation SA 5 
 Aircraft 

 1951-6 Configuration Matters 

 1951-7R1 Spares Initial Provisioning SA 1 

 1951-8R2 Escalation Sharing - New Generation 
Aircraft SA 4 

 1951-9R8 Option Aircraft-Model 737-724 Aircraft SA 17 

 1951-11R1 Escalation Sharing-Current Generation 
Aircraft SA 4 

 1951-12R1 Option Aircraft - Model 737-924 Aircraft SA 17 

 1951-13 Configuration Matters - Model 737-924 SA 5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SA 
 Number 
 
 RESTRICTED LETTER AGREEMENTS 

6-1162-MMF-295 Performance Guarantees - Model 
 737-724 Aircraft 

 6-1162-MMF-296 Performance Guarantees - Model 
 737-824 Aircraft 

 6-1162-MMF-308R3 Disclosure of Confidential SA 5 
 Information 

 6-1162-MMF-309R1 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED SA 1 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-MMF-311R3 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED SA 5 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-MMF-312R1 Special Purchase Agreement 
 Provisions SA 1 

 6-1162-MMF-319 Special Provisions Relating to 
 the Rescheduled Aircraft 

 6-1162-MMF-378R1 Performance Guarantees - Model 
 737-524 Aircraft SA 3 

 6-1162-GOC-015 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED SA 2 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-GOC-131R2 Special Matters SA 5 

 6-1162-DMH-365 Performance Guarantees - Model 
 737-924 Aircraft SA 5 

 6-1162-DMH-624 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED SA 8 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-DMH-680 Delivery Delay Resolution Program SA 9 
 
 6-1162-DMH-1020 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED SA 14 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-DMH-1035 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED SA 15 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-DMH-1054 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED SA 1 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF: 

Supplemental Agreement No. 1 October 10,1996 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 March 5, 1997 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 July 17, 1997 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 October 10,1997 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 5 May 21,1998 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 6 July 30,1998 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 7 November 12,1998 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 8 December 7,1998 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 9 February 18,1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 10 March 19,1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 11 May 14,1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 12 July 2,1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 13 October 13,1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 14 December 13,1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 15 January 13,2000 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 16 March 17,2000 

Supplemental Agreement No. 17 May 16,2000 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 18 September 11,2000 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 19 October 31, 2000 
 Table 1 to 
 Purchase Agreement 1951 
 Aircraft Deliveries and Descriptions 
 Model 737-800 Aircraft 
 CFM56-7B26 Engines 
 Detail Specification No. D6-38808-43 
 Exhibit A-2 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 1951-3R12 
 October 31, 2000 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, Texas 77002 

Subject: Letter Agreement No. 1951-3R12 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951 - Option Aircraft - Model 737-824 Aircraft 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 This Letter Agreement amends Purchase Agreement No. 1951 dated July 23, 1996(the Agreement) between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. (Buyer) relating to Model 737-824 aircraft (the Aircraft). This Letter
Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement 1951-3R11 dated September 11, 2000. 

 All terms used and not defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Agreement. 

 In consideration of Buyer's purchase of the Aircraft, Boeing hereby agrees to manufacture and sell up to [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A
REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] additional Model 737-824 Aircraft (the Option Aircraft) to Buyer, on the same terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement, except as otherwise described in Attachment A hereto, and subject to the terms and
conditions set forth below. 

 1. Delivery . 

 The Option Aircraft will be delivered to Buyer during or before the months set forth in the following schedule: 

Month and Year Number of 
 of Delivery Option Aircraft 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 2. Price . [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 3. Option Aircraft Deposit . 

 In consideration of Boeing's grant to Buyer of options to purchase the Option Aircraft as set forth herein, Buyer has paid a deposit to Boeing of [ CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] for each Option Aircraft (the Option Deposit) prior to the date of this Letter Agreement. In the event Buyer exercises an option herein for an Option Aircraft, the amount of the Option Deposit for such Option Aircraft will
be credited against the first advance payment due for such Option Aircraft pursuant to the advance payment schedule set forth in Article 5 of the Agreement. 

 In the event that Buyer does not exercise its option to purchase a particular Option Aircraft pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Boeing shall be entitled to retain the Option Deposit for such Option Aircraft. 

 4. Option Exercise . 

 To exercise its option to purchase the Option Aircraft, Buyer shall give written notice thereof to Boeing on or before the first business day of the month in each Option Exercise Date shown below: 

 Option Aircraft Option Exercise Date 

 [ CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 5. Contract Terms . 

 Within thirty (30) days after Buyer exercises an option to purchase Option Aircraft pursuant to paragraph 4 above, Boeing and Buyer will use their best reasonable efforts to enter into a supplemental agreement amending the Agreement to add the
applicable Option Aircraft to the Agreement as a firm Aircraft (the Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement). 

 In the event the parties have not entered into such an Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement within the time period contemplated herein, either party shall have the right, exercisable by written or telegraphic notice given to the other within ten
(10) days after such period, to cancel the purchase of such Option Aircraft. 

 6. Cancellation of Option to Purchase . 

 Either Boeing or Buyer may cancel the option to purchase an Option Aircraft if any of the following events are not accomplished by the respective dates contemplated in this Letter Agreement, or in the Agreement, as the case may be: 

 (i) purchase of the Aircraft under the Agreement for any reason not attributable to the canceling party; 

 (ii) payment by Buyer of the Option Deposit with respect to such Option Aircraft pursuant to paragraph 3 herein; or 

 (iii) exercise of the option to purchase such Option Aircraft pursuant to the terms hereof. 

 Any cancellation of an option to purchase by Boeing which is based on the termination of the purchase of an Aircraft under the Agreement shall be on a one-for-one basis, for each Aircraft so terminated. 

 Cancellation of an option to purchase provided by this letter agreement shall be caused by either party giving written notice to the other within ten (10) days after the respective date in question. Upon receipt of such notice, all rights and
obligations of the parties with respect to an Option Aircraft for which the option to purchase has been cancelled shall thereupon terminate. 

 Boeing shall promptly refund to Buyer, without interest, any payments received from Buyer with respect to the affected Option Aircraft. Boeing shall be entitled to retain the Option Deposit unless cancellation is attributable to Boeing's fault, in
which case the Option Deposit shall also be returned to Buyer without interest. 

7. Applicability . 

 Except as otherwise specifically provided, limited or excluded herein, all Option Aircraft that are added to the Agreement by an Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement as firm Aircraft shall benefit from all the applicable terms, conditions and
provisions of the Agreement. 

If the foregoing accurately reflects your understanding of the matters treated herein, please so indicate by signature below. 

 Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ Henry H. Hart 
 
 Its Attorney In Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: October 31, 2000 

 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC., 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 

Attachment 
 Model 737-824 Aircraft 
 
 1. Option Aircraft Description and Changes . 

 1.1 Aircraft Description . The Option Aircraft are described by Boeing Detail Specification D6-38808-43, Revision B, dated April 30,2000, as amended and revised pursuant to the Agreement. 

 1.2 Changes . The Option Aircraft Detail Specification shall be revised to include: 

 (1) Changes applicable to the basic Model 737-800 aircraft which are developed by Boeing between the date of the Detail Specification and the signing of an Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement. 

 (2) Changes mutually agreed upon. 

 (3) Changes required to obtain a Standard Certificate of Airworthiness. 

 1.3 Effect of Changes . Changes to the Detail Specification pursuant to the provisions of the clauses above shall include the effects of such changes upon Option Aircraft weight, balance, design and performance. 

 2. Price Description . 

 2.1 Price Adjustments . 

 2.1.1 Base Price Adjustments . The base aircraft price (pursuant to Article 3 of the Agreement) of the Option Aircraft will be adjusted to Boeing's and the engine manufacturer's then-current prices as of the date of execution of the
Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement. 

 2.1.2 Special Features . The price for special features incorporated in the Option Aircraft Detail Specification will be adjusted to Boeing's then-current prices for such features as of the date of execution of the Option Aircraft
Supplemental Agreement [ CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 

2.1.3 Escalation Adjustments . The base airframe and special features price will be escalated according to the applicable airframe and engine manufacturer escalation provisions contained in Exhibit D of
the Agreement. 

 Buyer agrees that the engine escalation provisions will be adjusted if they are changed by the engine manufacturer prior to signing the Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement. In such case, the then-current engine escalation provisions in effect at
the time of execution of the Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement will be incorporated into such agreement. 

 2.1.4 Price Adjustments for Changes . Boeing may adjust the basic price and the advance payment base prices for any changes mutually agreed upon by Buyer and Boeing subsequent to the date that Buyer and Boeing enter into the Option
Aircraft Supplemental Agreement. 

 2.1.5 BFE to SPE . An estimate of the total price for items of Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) changed to Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) pursuant to the Detail Specification is included in the Option Aircraft price build-up. The
purchase price of the Option Aircraft will be adjusted by the price charged to Boeing for such items plus 10 of such price. 

 3. Advance Payments . 

 3.1 Buyer shall pay to Boeing advance payments for the Option Aircraft pursuant to the schedule for payment of advance payments provided in the Purchase Agreement. 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 15
 exhibit1020u.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.20(U)

Supplemental Agreement No 

Exhibit 10.20(u) 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 20 
 
 to 
 
 Purchase Agreement No. 1951 
 
 between 
 
 The Boeing Company 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 
 Relating to Boeing Model 737 Aircraft 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT, entered into as of 
December 21, 2000, by and between THE BOEING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation with its principal office in Seattle, Washington, (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its principal office in Houston, Texas (Buyer); 

 WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered into Purchase Agreement No. 1951 dated July 23, 1996 (the Agreement), as amended and supplemented, relating to Boeing Model 737-500, 737-600, 737-700, 737-800, and 737-900 aircraft (the Aircraft); and 

 WHEREAS, Buyer has requested to [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Buyer have mutually agreed that the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Buyer have mutually agreed upon the Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) provisions of the 737-900 Aircraft; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Buyer have mutually agreed to amend the Agreement to incorporate the effect of these and certain other changes; 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Agreement as follows: 

1. Table of Contents, Articles, Tables and Exhibits : 

 1.1 Remove and replace, in its entirety, the " Table of Contents ", with the Table of Contents attached hereto, to reflect the changes made by this Supplemental Agreement No. 20. 

 1.2 Remove and replace, in its entirety, pages T-3-1 and T-3-2 of Table 1, entitled " Aircraft Deliveries and Descriptions, Model 737-800 Aircraft ", with revised pages T-3-1 and T-3-2 attached hereto, to reflect the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL
OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 

 1.3 Remove and replace, in its entirety, Exhibit E, " Buyer Furnished Equipment Provisions Document ", with new Exhibit E, " Buyer Furnished Equipment Provisions Document ", attached hereto, to reflect supplier selection dates and
required on-dock dates. 

2. Letter Agreements : 

 2.1 Remove and replace, in its entirety, Letter Agreement 1951-3R12, " Option Aircraft - Model 737-824 Aircraft ", with Letter Agreement 1951-3R13, " Option Aircraft - Model 737-824 Aircraft ", attached hereto, to reflect the 
[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 

The Agreement will be deemed to be supplemented to the extent herein provided as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By: /s/ Henry H. Hart By: /s/ Gerald Laderman 

Its: Attorney-In-Fact Its: Senior Vice President-Finance 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page SA 
 Number Number 
 
 ARTICLES 
 
 1. Subject Matter of Sale 1-1 SA 5 

 2. Delivery, Title and Risk 
of Loss 2-1 

 3. Price of Aircraft 3-1 SA 5 

 4. Taxes 4-1 

 5. Payment 5-1 

 6. Excusable Delay 6-1 

 7. Changes to the Detail 
Specification 7-1 SA 5 

 8. Federal Aviation Requirements and 
Certificates and Export License 8-1 SA 5 

 9. Representatives, Inspection, 
Flights and Test Data 9-1 

 10. Assignment, Resale or Lease 10-1 

 11. Termination for Certain Events 11-1 

 12. Product Assurance; Disclaimer and 
Release; Exclusion of Liabilities; 
Customer Support; Indemnification 
and Insurance 12-1 

 13. Buyer Furnished Equipment and 
Spare Parts 13-1 

 14. Contractual Notices and Requests 14-1 SA 17 

 15. Miscellaneous 15-1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Page SA 
 Number Number 
 TABLES 
 
 1. Aircraft Deliveries and 
Descriptions - 737-500 T-1 SA 3 

 Aircraft Deliveries and 
Descriptions - 737-700 T-2 SA 13 

 Aircraft Deliveries and 
Descriptions - 737-800 T-3 SA 20 

 Aircraft Deliveries and 
Descriptions - 737-600 T-4 SA 4 

 Aircraft Deliveries and 
Descriptions - 737-900 T-5 SA 5 

EXHIBITS 

A-1 Aircraft Configuration - Model 737-724 SA 2 

A-2 Aircraft Configuration - Model 737-824 SA 2 

 A-3 Aircraft Configuration - Model 737-624 SA 1 

 A-4 Aircraft Configuration - Model 737-524 SA 3 

 A-5 Aircraft Configuration - Model 737-924 SA 5 

 B Product Assurance Document SA 1 

 C Customer Support Document - Code Two - 
Major Model Differences SA 1 

 C1 Customer Support Document - Code Three - 
Minor Model Differences SA 1 

 D Aircraft Price Adjustments - New 
Generation Aircraft (1995 Base Price) SA 1 

 D1 Airframe and Engine Price Adjustments - Current 
Generation Aircraft SA 1 

 D2 Aircraft Price Adjustments - New 
Generation Aircraft (1997 Base Price) SA 5 

 E Buyer Furnished Equipment 
Provisions Document SA 20 

 F Defined Terms Document SA 5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SA 
 Number 

LETTER AGREEMENTS 

1951-1 Not Used 

 1951-2R3 Seller Purchased Equipment SA 5 

 1951-3R13 Option Aircraft-Model 737-824 Aircraft SA 20 

 1951-4R1 Waiver of Aircraft Demonstration SA 1 

 1951-5R2 Promotional Support - New Generation SA 5 
 Aircraft 

 1951-6 Configuration Matters 

 1951-7R1 Spares Initial Provisioning SA 1 

 1951-8R2 Escalation Sharing - New Generation 
Aircraft SA 4 

 1951-9R8 Option Aircraft-Model 737-724 Aircraft SA 17 

 1951-11R1 Escalation Sharing-Current Generation 
Aircraft SA 4 

 1951-12R1 Option Aircraft - Model 737-924 Aircraft SA 17 

 1951-13 Configuration Matters - Model 737-924 SA 5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SA 
 Number 
 
 RESTRICTED LETTER AGREEMENTS 

6-1162-MMF-295 Performance Guarantees - Model 
 737-724 Aircraft 

 6-1162-MMF-296 Performance Guarantees - Model 
 737-824 Aircraft 

 6-1162-MMF-308R3 Disclosure of Confidential SA 5 
 Information 

 6-1162-MMF-309R1 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND SA 1 
 FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES 
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO 
 A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-MMF-311R3 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND SA 5 
 FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES 
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO 
 A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-MMF-312R1 Special Purchase Agreement 
 Provisions SA 1 

 6-1162-MMF-319 Special Provisions Relating to 
 the Rescheduled Aircraft 

 6-1162-MMF-378R1 Performance Guarantees - Model 
 737-524 Aircraft SA 3 

 6-1162-GOC-015 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND SA 2 
 FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES 
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO 
 A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-GOC-131R2 Special Matters SA 5 

 6-1162-DMH-365 Performance Guarantees - Model 
 737-924 Aircraft SA 5 

6-1162-DMH-624 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND SA 8 
 FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES 
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO 
 A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-DMH-680 Delivery Delay Resolution Program SA 9 
 
 6-1162-DMH-1020 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND SA 14 
 FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES 
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO 
 A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-DMH-1035 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND SA 15 
 FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES 
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO 
 A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-DMH-1054 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND SA 16 
 FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES 
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO 
 A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF: 
 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 1 October 10,1996 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 March 5, 1997 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 July 17, 1997 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 October 10,1997 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 5 May 21,1998 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 6 July 30,1998 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 7 November 12,1998 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 8 December 7,1998 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 9 February 18,1999 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 10 March 19,1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 11 May 14,1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 12 July 2,1999 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 13 October 13,1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 14 December 13,1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 15 January 13,2000 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 16 March 17,2000 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 17 May 16,2000 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 18 September 11,2000 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 19 October 31,2000 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 20 December 21, 2000 

 Table 1 to 
 Purchase Agreement 1951 
 Aircraft Deliveries and Descriptions 
 Model 737-800 Aircraft 
 CFM56-7B26 Engines 
 Detail Specification No. D6-38808-43 
 Exhibit A-2 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 1951 PA/ CAL CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT PROVISIONS DOCUMENT 

 between 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

 and 

 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

Exhibit E to Purchase Agreement Number 1951 

BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT PROVISIONS DOCUMENT 

 Dated December 21, 2000 

 Relating to 

 BOEING MODEL 737 AIRCRAFT 

This Buyer Furnished Equipment Provisions Document is Exhibit E to and forms a part of Purchase Agreement No. 1951, between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. (Buyer) relating to the purchase of Boeing Model 737
aircraft. 

 BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT PROVISIONS DOCUMENT 

1. General . 

 Certain equipment to be installed in the Aircraft is furnished to Boeing by Buyer at Buyer's expense. This equipment is designated "Buyer Furnished Equipment" (BFE) and is listed in the Detail Specification. On or before April 4, 1997 for Model
737-724, July 3, 1997 for Model 737-824, and August 31, 2000 for Model 737-924, Boeing will provide to Buyer a BFE Requirements On-Dock/Inventory Document (BFE Document) or an electronically transmitted BFE Report which may be periodically revised,
setting forth the items, quantities, on-dock dates and shipping instructions relating to the in sequence installation of BFE. For planning purposes, a preliminary BFE on-dock schedule is set forth in the attachment to this Exhibit. 

 2. Supplier Selection . 

 Buyer will: 

 2.1 Select and notify Boeing of the suppliers of the following BFE items by the following dates should these items not be selected as SPE by Buyer: 

 Model 737-724 Model 737-824 
 Galley System 10/9/96 2/12/97 

 Seats (passenger) 9/03/96 9/03/96 

 Model 737-924 Model 737-524 
 Galley System 4/18/2000 Complete 

 Seats (passenger) 4/6/2000 Complete 

 2.2 Meet with Boeing and such selected BFE suppliers promptly after such selection to: 

 2.2.1 complete BFE configuration design requirements for such BFE; and 

 2.2.2 confirm technical data submittal dates for BFE certification. 

3. Buyer's Obligations . 

 Buyer will: 

 3.1 comply with and cause the supplier to comply with the provisions of the BFE Document or BFE Report; 

 3.1.1 deliver technical data (in English) to Boeing as required to support installation and FAA certification in accordance with the schedule provided by Boeing or as mutually agreed upon during the BFE meeting referred to above; 

 3.1.2 deliver BFE including production and/or flight training spares to Boeing in accordance with the quantities and schedule provided therein; and 

 3.1.3 deliver appropriate quality assurance documentation to Boeing as required with each BFE part (D6-56586, "BFE Product Acceptance Requirements"); 

 3.2 authorize Boeing to discuss all details of the BFE directly with the BFE suppliers; 

 3.3 authorize Boeing to conduct or delegate to the supplier quality source inspection and supplier hardware acceptance of BFE at the supplier location; 

 3.3.1 require supplier's contractual compliance to Boeing defined source inspection and supplier delegation programs, including availability of adequate facilities for Boeing resident personnel; and 

 3.3.2 assure that Boeing identified supplier's quality systems be approved to Boeing document D1-9000; 

 3.4 provide necessary field service representation at Boeing's facilities to support Boeing on all issues related to the installation and certification of BFE; 

 3.5 deal directly with all BFE suppliers to obtain overhaul data, provisioning data, related product support documentation and any warranty provisions applicable to the BFE; 

 3.6 work closely with Boeing and the BFE suppliers to resolve any difficulties, including defective equipment, that arise; 

 3.7 be responsible for modifying, adjusting and/or calibrating BFE as required for FAA approval and for all related expenses; 

 3.8 warrant that the BFE will meet the requirements of the Detail Specification; and 

 3.9 be responsible for providing equipment which is FAA certifiable at time of Aircraft delivery, or for obtaining waivers from the applicable regulatory agency for non-FAA certifiable equipment. 

 4. Boeing's Obligations . 

 Other than as set forth below, Boeing will provide for the installation of and install the BFE and obtain certification of the Aircraft with the BFE installed. 

 5. Nonperformance by Buyer . 

 If Buyer's nonperformance of obligations in this Exhibit or in the BFE Document causes a delay in the delivery of the Aircraft or causes Boeing to perform out-of-sequence or additional work, Buyer will reimburse Boeing for all resulting expenses
and be deemed to have agreed to any such delay in Aircraft delivery. In addition Boeing will have the right to: 

 5.1 provide and install specified equipment or suitable alternate equipment and increase the price of the Aircraft accordingly; and/or 

 5.2 deliver the Aircraft to Buyer without the BFE installed. 

 6. Return of Equipment . 

 BFE not installed in the Aircraft will be returned to Buyer in accordance with Buyer's instructions and at Buyer's expense. 

 7. Title and Risk of Loss . 

 Title to and risk of loss of BFE will at all times remain with Buyer or other owner. Boeing will have only such liability for BFE as a bailee for mutual benefit would have, but will not be liable for loss of use. 

8. Indemnification of Boeing . 

 Buyer hereby indemnifies and holds harmless Boeing from and against all claims and liabilities, including costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) incident thereto or incident to successfully establishing the right to indemnification, for
injury to or death of any person or persons, including employees of Buyer but not employees of Boeing, or for loss of or damage to any property, including any Aircraft, arising out of or in any way connected with any nonconformance or defect in any BFE
and whether or not arising in tort or occasioned in whole or in part by the active, passive or imputed negligence of Boeing. This indemnity will not apply with respect to any nonconformance or defect caused solely by Boeing's installation of the BFE. 

 9. Patent Indemnity . 

 Buyer hereby indemnifies and holds harmless Boeing from and against all claims, suits, actions, liabilities, damages and costs arising out of any actual or alleged infringement of any patent or other intellectual property rights by BFE or arising
out of the installation, sale or use of BFE by Boeing. 

 10. Definitions . 

 For the purposes of the above indemnities, the term "Boeing" includes The Boeing Company, its divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates, the assignees of each, and their directors, officers, employees and agents. 
 
 BOEING MODEL 737 AIRCRAFT 

Item Preliminary On-Dock Dates 
 
 Dates for 1st delivery of each model: 

 737-724 737-824 
 Jan 1998 Apr 1998 
 Aircraft Aircraft 
 
 Seats 10/14/97 2/17/98 

 Galleys 10/9/97 2/12/98 

 Electronics 10/1/97 2/3/98 

 Furnishings 10/7/97 2/9/98 

737-924 737-524 
 May 2001 Jul 1997 
 Aircraft Aircraft 
 
 Seats 2/22/01 6/5/97 

 Galleys 2/20/01 6/2/97 

 Electronics 1/17/01 5/27/97 

 Furnishings 1/12/01 5/28/97 

 1951-3R13 
 December 21, 2000 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, Texas 77002 

Subject: Letter Agreement No. 1951-3R13 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951 - Option Aircraft - Model 737-824 Aircraft 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 This Letter Agreement amends Purchase Agreement No. 1951 dated July 23, 1996(the Agreement) between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. (Buyer) relating to Model 737-824 aircraft (the Aircraft). This Letter
Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement 1951-3R12 dated October 31, 2000. 

 All terms used and not defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Agreement. 

 In consideration of Buyer's purchase of the Aircraft, Boeing hereby agrees to manufacture and sell up to [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A
REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] additional Model 737-824 Aircraft (the Option Aircraft) to Buyer, on the same terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement, except as otherwise described in Attachment A hereto, and subject to the terms and
conditions set forth below. 

 1. Delivery . 

 The Option Aircraft will be delivered to Buyer during or before the months set forth in the following schedule: 

 Month and Year Number of 
 of Delivery Option Aircraft 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 2. Price . [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 3. Option Aircraft Deposit . 

 In consideration of Boeing's grant to Buyer of options to purchase the Option Aircraft as set forth herein, Buyer has paid a deposit to Boeing of [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] for each Option Aircraft (the Option Deposit) prior to the date of this Letter Agreement. In the event Buyer exercises an option herein for an Option Aircraft, the amount of the Option Deposit for such Option Aircraft
will be credited against the first advance payment due for such Option Aircraft pursuant to the advance payment schedule set forth in Article 5 of the Agreement. 

 In the event that Buyer does not exercise its option to purchase a particular Option Aircraft pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Boeing shall be entitled to retain the Option Deposit for such Option Aircraft. 

 4. Option Exercise . 

 To exercise its option to purchase the Option Aircraft, Buyer shall give written notice thereof to Boeing on or before the first business day of the month in each Option Exercise Date shown below: 

 Option Aircraft Option Exercise Date 

 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 5. Contract Terms . 

 Within thirty (30) days after Buyer exercises an option to purchase Option Aircraft pursuant to paragraph 4 above, Boeing and Buyer will use their best reasonable efforts to enter into a supplemental agreement amending the Agreement to add the
applicable Option Aircraft to the Agreement as a firm Aircraft (the Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement). 

 In the event the parties have not entered into such an Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement within the time period contemplated herein, either party shall have the right, exercisable by written or telegraphic notice given to the other within ten
(10) days after such period, to cancel the purchase of such Option Aircraft. 

 6. Cancellation of Option to Purchase . 

 Either Boeing or Buyer may cancel the option to purchase an Option Aircraft if any of the following events are not accomplished by the respective dates contemplated in this Letter Agreement, or in the Agreement, as the case may be: 

 (i) purchase of the Aircraft under the Agreement for any reason not attributable to the canceling party; 

 (ii) payment by Buyer of the Option Deposit with respect to such Option Aircraft pursuant to paragraph 3 herein; or 

 (iii) exercise of the option to purchase such Option Aircraft pursuant to the terms hereof. 

 Any cancellation of an option to purchase by Boeing which is based on the termination of the purchase of an Aircraft under the Agreement shall be on a one-for-one basis, for each Aircraft so terminated. 

 Cancellation of an option to purchase provided by this letter agreement shall be caused by either party giving written notice to the other within ten (10) days after the respective date in question. Upon receipt of such notice, all rights and
obligations of the parties with respect to an Option Aircraft for which the option to purchase has been cancelled shall thereupon terminate. 

 Boeing shall promptly refund to Buyer, without interest, any payments received from Buyer with respect to the affected Option Aircraft. Boeing shall be entitled to retain the Option Deposit unless cancellation is attributable to Boeing's fault, in
which case the Option Deposit shall also be returned to Buyer without interest. 

 7. Applicability . 

 Except as otherwise specifically provided, limited or excluded herein, all Option Aircraft that are added to the Agreement by an Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement as firm Aircraft shall benefit from all the applicable terms, conditions and
provisions of the Agreement. 

If the foregoing accurately reflects your understanding of the matters treated herein, please so indicate by signature below. 

 Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ Henry H. Hart 
 
 Its Attorney In Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: December 21, 2000 

 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC., 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 

Attachment 
 Model 737-824 Aircraft 
 
 1. Option Aircraft Description and Changes . 

 1.1 Aircraft Description . The Option Aircraft are described by Boeing Detail Specification D6-38808-43, Revision B, dated April 30,2000, as amended and revised pursuant to the Agreement. 

 1.2 Changes . The Option Aircraft Detail Specification shall be revised to include: 

 (1) Changes applicable to the basic Model 737-800 aircraft which are developed by Boeing between the date of the Detail Specification and the signing of an Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement. 

 (2) Changes mutually agreed upon. 

 (3) Changes required to obtain a Standard Certificate of Airworthiness. 

 1.3 Effect of Changes . Changes to the Detail Specification pursuant to the provisions of the clauses above shall include the effects of such changes upon Option Aircraft weight, balance, design and performance. 

 2. Price Description . 

 2.1 Price Adjustments . 

 2.1.1 Base Price Adjustments . The base aircraft price (pursuant to Article 3 of the Agreement) of the Option Aircraft will be adjusted to Boeing's and the engine manufacturer's then-current prices as of the date of execution of the
Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement. 

 2.1.2 Special Features . The price for special features incorporated in the Option Aircraft Detail Specification will be adjusted to Boeing's then-current prices for such features as of the date of execution of the Option Aircraft
Supplemental Agreement [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 

 2.1.3 Escalation Adjustments . The base airframe and special features price will be escalated according to the applicable airframe and engine manufacturer escalation provisions contained in Exhibit D of
the Agreement. 

 Buyer agrees that the engine escalation provisions will be adjusted if they are changed by the engine manufacturer prior to signing the Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement. In such case, the then-current engine escalation provisions in effect at
the time of execution of the Option Aircraft Supplemental Agreement will be incorporated into such agreement. 

 2.1.4 Price Adjustments for Changes . Boeing may adjust the basic price and the advance payment base prices for any changes mutually agreed upon by Buyer and Boeing subsequent to the date that Buyer and Boeing enter into the Option
Aircraft Supplemental Agreement. 

 2.1.5 BFE to SPE . An estimate of the total price for items of Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) changed to Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) pursuant to the Detail Specification is included in the Option Aircraft price build-up. The
purchase price of the Option Aircraft will be adjusted by the price charged to Boeing for such items plus 10 of such price. 

 3. Advance Payments . 

 3.1 Buyer shall pay to Boeing advance payments for the Option Aircraft pursuant to the schedule for payment of advance payments provided in the Purchase Agreement. 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 16
 exhibit1022c.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.22(C)

Supplemental Agreement No 

Exhibit 10.22(c) 
 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 
 
 to 
 
 Purchase Agreement No. 2060 
 
 between 
 
 The Boeing Company 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Relating to Boeing Model 767-400ER Aircraft 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT, entered into as of October 31, 2000, by and between THE BOEING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation with its principal office in Seattle, Washington, (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its
principal office in Houston, Texas (Customer); 

 WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered into Purchase Agreement No. 2060 dated October 10, 1997, (the Purchase Agreement) relating to Boeing Model 767-400ER aircraft, (Aircraft); and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have mutually agreed to [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have mutually agreed to correct an error in the engine price; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have mutually agreed to revise the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have mutually agreed to add a previously missing option to the list of optional features; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have mutually agreed to amend the Purchase Agreement to incorporate the effect of these and certain other changes; 

 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows: 

 1. Table of Contents : 

 Remove and replace, in its entirety, the "Table of Contents", with the "Table of Contents" attached hereto, to reflect the changes made by this Supplemental Agreement No. 3. 

 2. Tables : 

 Remove and replace, in its entirety, "Table 1, Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments" with the revised "Table 1, Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments", attached hereto, to reflect the [CONFIDENTIAL
MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] and the engine price correction. 

Exhibits : 

Remove and replace, in its entirety, Exhibit A with the revised Exhibit A (attached hereto) to reflect an additional optional feature. 

 4. Letter Agreements : 

 Remove and replace, in its entirety, Letter Agreement 
6-1162-GOC-084 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] with the revised Letter Agreement 6-1162-GOC-084R1, attached hereto, to reflect a
revision to the engine model CF6-80C2B8F. 

The Purchase Agreement will be deemed to be supplemented to the extent herein provided as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By: /s/ J. A. McGarvey By: /s/ Gerald Laderman 

Its: Attorney-In-Fact Its: Senior Vice President - Finance 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLES Revised By: 
 
 1. Quantity, Model and Description 

 2. Delivery Schedule 

 3. Price 

 4. Payment 

 5. Miscellaneous 

TABLE 
 
 1. Aircraft Information Table SA No. 3 

EXHIBIT 
 
 A. Aircraft Configuration SA No. 3 

 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 

SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS 
 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 

 CS1. Customer Support Variables 

 EE1. Engine Escalation/Engine Warranty and Patent Indemnity 

 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

LETTER AGREEMENTS Revised By: 
 
 2060-1 not used 

 2060-2 Demonstration Flights 

 2060-3 Spares Initial Provisioning 

 2060-4 Flight Crew Training Spares 

 2060-5 Escalation Sharing 

 6-1162-JMG-165 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment SA No. 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CONFIDENTIAL LETTER AGREEMENTS Revised By: 
 
 6-1161-GOC-084R1 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL SA No. 3 
 OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY 
 WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
 COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6-1162-GOC-085 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL 
 OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY 
 WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
 COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

 6-1162-GOC-086 Special Matters 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS Dated as of: 
 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 1 December 18, 1997 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 June 8, 1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 October 31, 2000 

Table 1 
 to Purchase Agreement No. 2060 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Exhibit A to Purchase Agreement Number 2060 

 AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 Dated October 31, 2000 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 767-400ER AIRCRAFT 

The Detail Specification is Boeing Detail Specification D019T001-CAL-64E1 dated as of even date herewith. Such Detail Specification will be comprised of Boeing Configuration Specification D019T003, revision A, dated March 13, 1997 as amended to
incorporate the Options listed below, including the effects on Manufacturer's Empty Weight (MEW) and Operating Empty Weight (OEW). Such Options are set forth in Boeing Document D019TCR1-CAL-64E1. As soon as practicable, Boeing will furnish to Buyer
copies of the Detail Specification, which copies will reflect such Options. The Aircraft Basic Price reflects and includes all effects of such Options, except such Aircraft Basic Price does not include the price effects of any Buyer Furnished Equipment
or Seller Purchased Equipment. 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

October 31, 2000 
 6-1162-GOC-084R1 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith 
 Houston, TX 77002 

Subject: [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Reference: Purchase Agreement No. 2060 (the Purchase Agreement) between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. (Customer) relating to Model 767-400ER aircraft (the Aircraft) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

 This Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter
Agreement 6-1162-GOC-084 dated October 10, 1997. 

 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 Boeing and Customer understand that certain information contained in this Letter Agreement, including any attachments hereto, are considered by both parties to be confidential. Boeing and Customer agree that each party will treat this Letter
Agreement and the information contained herein as confidential and will not, without the other party's prior written consent, disclose this Letter Agreement or any information contained herein to any other person or entity except as may be required by
applicable law or governmental regulations. 

Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: October 31, 2000 

 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 
 
 Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. 6-1162-GOC-084R1 
 CF6-80C2B8F Engines 
 Page 1 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 17
 exhibit1022d.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.22(D)

Supplemental Agreement No 

Exhibit 10.22(d) 
 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 
 
 to 
 
 Purchase Agreement No. 2060 
 
 between 
 
 The Boeing Company 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Relating to Boeing Model 767-400ER Aircraft 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT, entered into as of December 1, 2000, by and between THE BOEING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation with its principal office in Seattle, Washington, (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its
principal office in Houston, Texas (Customer); 

 WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered into Purchase Agreement No. 2060 dated October 10, 1997, (the Purchase Agreement) relating to Boeing Model 767-400ER aircraft, (Aircraft); and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have mutually agreed to amend and restate the terms of the "Special Matters" letter applicable to the Aircraft to reflect certain agreements between Boeing and Customer comparable to similar agreements between Boeing
and Customer regarding other aircraft; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have mutually agreed to amend the Purchase Agreement to incorporate the effect of these and certain other changes; 

 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows: 

1. Table of Contents : 

 Remove and replace, in its entirety, the "Table of Contents", with the "Table of Contents" attached hereto, to reflect the changes made by this Supplemental Agreement No. 4. 

 2. Letter Agreements : 

 Remove and replace, in its entirety, Letter Agreement 
6-1162-GOC-086 "Special Matters" with the revised Letter Agreement 6-1162-GOC-086R1, attached hereto. 

 The Purchase Agreement will be deemed to be supplemented to the extent herein provided as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By: /s/ J. A. McGarvey By: /s/ Gerald Laderman 

Its: Attorney-In-Fact Its: Senior Vice President - Finance 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLES Revised By: 
 
 1. Quantity, Model and Description 

 2. Delivery Schedule 

 3. Price 

 4. Payment 

 5. Miscellaneous 

TABLE 
 
 1. Aircraft Information Table SA No. 3 

EXHIBIT 
 
 A. Aircraft Configuration SA No. 3 

 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 

SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS 
 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 

 CS1. Customer Support Variables 

 EE1. Engine Escalation/Engine Warranty and Patent Indemnity 

 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

LETTER AGREEMENTS Revised By: 
 
 2060-1 not used 

 2060-2 Demonstration Flights 

 2060-3 Spares Initial Provisioning 

 2060-4 Flight Crew Training Spares 

 2060-5 Escalation Sharing 

 6-1162-JMG-165 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment SA No. 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CONFIDENTIAL LETTER AGREEMENTS Revised By: 
 
 6-1161-GOC-084R1 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL SA No. 3 
 OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY 
 WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
 COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

6-1162-GOC-085 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL 
 OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY 
 WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
 COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

6-1162-GOC-086R1 Special Matters SA No. 4 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS Dated as of: 
 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 1 December 18, 1997 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 June 8, 1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 October 31, 2000 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 December 1, 2000 

December 1, 2000 
 6-1162-GOC-086R1 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, TX 77002 

Subject: Special Matters 

 Reference: Purchase Agreement No. 2060 (the Purchase 

Agreement)between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. (Customer) relating to Model 767-400ER aircraft (the Aircraft) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

 This Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety
Letter Agreement 6-1162-GOC-086, dated October 10, 1997. 

 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 9. Confidential Treatment . 

 Boeing and Customer understand that certain information contained in this Letter Agreement, including any attachments hereto, are considered by both parties to be confidential. Boeing and Customer agree that each party will treat this Letter
Agreement and the information contained herein as confidential and will not, without the other party's prior written consent, disclose this Letter Agreement or any information contained herein to any other person or entity except as may be required by
applicable law or governmental regulations. 

Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date:_______December 1, 2000 

 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 18
 exhibit1023g.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.23(G)

Supplemental Agreement No 

Exhibit 10.23(g) 
 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 7 
 
 to 
 
 Purchase Agreement No. 2061 
 
 between 
 
 The Boeing Company 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Relating to Boeing Model 777 Aircraft 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT, entered into as of October 31, 2000, by and between THE BOEING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation with its principal office in Seattle, Washington, (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its
principal office in Houston, Texas (Customer); 

 WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered into Purchase Agreement No. 2061 dated October 10, 1997, (the Purchase Agreement) relating to Boeing Model 777-200ER Aircraft, (the Aircraft); and 

 WHEREAS, the Customer has requested to [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and 

 WHEREAS, Buyer has requested to [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have mutually agreed to amend the Purchase Agreement to incorporate the effect of these and certain other changes; 

 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows: 

1. Table of Contents and Articles : 

 1.1 Remove and replace, in its entirety, the " Table of Contents ", with the " Table of Contents " attached hereto, to reflect the changes made by this Supplemental Agreement No. 7. 

1.2 Remove and replace, throughout the entire Purchase Agreement, all references to "777-200IGW" with "777-200ER". 
 
 1.3 Remove and replace, in their entirety, Articles 1 through 5 with revised Articles 1 through 5 attached hereto, to add references to Table 2 and Supplemental Exhibit EE2. 
 
 1.4 Add Table 2 " Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments " to reflect the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL
TREATMENT] . 

 1.5 Add Supplemental Exhibit EE2 " Engine Escalation, 
 Engine Warranty and Patent Indemity " that applies to the Aircraft described in Table 2. 

 2. Letter Agreements : 

 2.1 Remove and replace, in its entirety, Letter Agreement 2061-1R3 " Option Aircraft ", with the revised Letter Agreement 2061-1R4 " Option Aircraft " attached hereto, to reflect the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 

The Purchase Agreement will be deemed to be supplemented to the extent herein provided as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By: /s/ Henry H. Hart By: /s/ Gerald Laderman 

Its: Attorney-In-Fact Its: Senior Vice President - Finance 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLES Revised By: 
 
 1. Quantity, Model and Description SA No. 7 

 2. Delivery Schedule SA No. 7 

 3. Price SA No. 7 

 4. Payment SA No. 7 

 5. Miscellaneous SA No. 7 

TABLE 
 
 1. Aircraft Information Table 1 SA No. 5 

 2. Aircraft Information Table 2 SA No. 7 

 EXHIBIT 
 
 A. Aircraft Configuration 

 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 

SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS 
 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 

 CS1. Customer Support Variables 

 EE1. Engine Escalation/Engine Warranty and Patent Indemnity 

 EE2. Engine Escalation/Engine Warranty and Patent Indemnity SA No. 7 

 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

LETTER AGREEMENTS Revised By: 
 
 2061-1R4 Option Aircraft SA No. 7 

 2061-2 Demonstration Flights 

 2061-3 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 

 2061-4 Spares Initial Provisioning 

 2061-5 Flight Crew Training Spares 

 2061-6 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CONFIDENTIAL LETTER AGREEMENTS Revised By: 
 
 6-1161-GOC-087 Aircraft Performance Guarantees 

 6-1162-GOC-088 Promotion Support 

 6-1162-GOC-089R1 Special Matters SA No. 3 

 6-1162-GOC-172 Additional Matters SA No. 1 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS Dated as of: 
 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 1 December 18, 1997 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 July 30, 1998 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 September 25, 1998 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 February 3, 1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 5 March 26, 1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 6 May 14, 1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 7 October 31, 2000 

 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NO. 2061 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Relating to Boeing Model 777-200ER Aircraft 

Purchase Agreement No. 2061 was formerly known as Purchase Agreement No. 1785. 
 
 Purchase Agreement No. 2061 
 
 between 
 
 The Boeing Company 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 
 ______________________________ 

This amended and restated Purchase Agreement No. 2061 (formerly known as Purchase Agreement No. 1785) is dated as of October 10, 1997, between The Boeing Company Boeing and Continental Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to the purchase and sale of Model 777-200ER aircraft. The terms and conditions of the Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997, between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL AGTA ), are hereby incorporated by reference into this Purchase Agreement. 

 RECITALS 

 A. Boeing and Customer previously entered into Purchase Agreement No. 1785 dated March 18, 1993, as amended and supplemented. 

 B. Boeing and Customer now desire to further amend and restate the terms and conditions of their agreement and to reflect their entire agreement in this amended and restated Purchase Agreement No. 2061 (Purchase Agreement). 

 C. For the avoidance of doubt, this Purchase Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties and replaces and supersedes Purchase Agreement No. 1785. 

 Now therefore, the parties agree as follows: 

Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description . 

 The aircraft to be delivered to Customer will be designated as Model 777-200ER aircraft (the Aircraft ). Boeing will manufacture and sell to Customer Aircraft conforming to the configuration described in Exhibit A, which
is part of this Purchase Agreement, in the quantities listed in Table 1 and Table 2 to the Purchase Agreement. 

Article 2. Delivery Schedule . 

 The Aircraft will be delivered to Customer in accordance with the scheduled months of delivery listed in the attached Table 1 and Table 2, which is part of this Purchase Agreement. Exhibit B, which is part of this Purchase
Agreement, describes certain responsibilities for both Customer and Boeing in order to accomplish the delivery of the Aircraft. 

 Article 3. Price . 
 
 3.1 Aircraft Basic Price . The Aircraft Basic Price is listed in Table 1 and Table 2 and is subject to mutually agreed upon price adjustments and the Escalation Adjustment. 
 
 3.2 Advance Payment Base Prices . The Advance Payment Base Prices for the Aircraft are listed in Table 1 and Table 2 and were calculated utilizing the latest escalation factors available to Boeing on the date of this
Purchase Agreement projected to the month of scheduled delivery. 
 
 3.3 Boeing has not yet established the Aircraft Basic Price for Aircraft scheduled to be delivered after December 31, 2002. The prices listed in Table 1 and Table 2 for such Aircraft are only to provide Customer with an
estimate of the applicable Advance Payment Base Prices. Accordingly, the Aircraft Basic Price for such Aircraft will be the sum of the Airframe Price, Optional Features Prices and the Engine Price first published by Boeing for the same model of aircraft
and engines to be delivered after December 31, 2002. 
 
 Article 4. Payment . 

 4.1 Boeing acknowledges receipt of a deposit in the amount shown in Table 1 and Table 2 for each Aircraft Deposit ). 

 4.2 The amounts and payment dates for advance payments to be made by Customer are set forth in the attached Table 1 and Table 2. Advance payments for each aircraft are due on the first business day of the months listed in
the attached Table 1 and Table 2. 
 
 4.3 For any Aircraft whose scheduled month of delivery is less than [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] from the date of this Purchase Agreement, the total amount of advance payments due for payment upon signing of this Purchase Agreement will include all advance payments which are past due in accordance with the standard advance payment schedule
set forth in Table 1 and Table 2. 

4.4 The Aircraft Price is the total amount Customer will pay to Boeing at the time of delivery of each Aircraft. Such Aircraft Price will be calculated at time of delivery using then available escalation factors to
calculate the Escalation Adjustment. The invoice amount for an Aircraft will show the Aircraft Price appropriately adjusted to account for previously received advance payments. 

 Article 5. Miscellaneous . 
 
 5.1 Buyer Furnished Equipment Variables . Supplemental Exhibit BFE1, which is part of this Purchase Agreement, contains vendor selection dates, on dock dates and other variables applicable to the Aircraft. 
 
 5.2 Customer Support Variables . Supplemental Exhibit CS1, which is part of this Purchase Agreement, contains the variable information applicable to information, training services and other things furnished by Boeing
in support of the Aircraft. 
 
 5.3 Engine Escalation Variables . Supplemental Exhibit EE1 contains the applicable engine escalation formula, the engine warranty and the engine patent indemnity for the Aircraft in Table 1. Supplemental Exhibit EE2
contains the applicable engine escalation formula, the engine warranty and the engine patent indemnity for the Aircraft in Table 2. 
 
 5.4 [ CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

5.6 Negotiated Agreement; Entire Agreement . This Purchase Agreement, including the provisions of Article 8.2 of the AGTA relating to insurance, and Article 11 of Part 2 of Exhibit C of the AGTA relating to 
DISCLAIMER AND RELEASE and EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL AND OTHER DAMAGES , has been the subject of discussion and negotiation and is understood by the parties; the Aircraft Price and other agreements of the parties stated in this Purchase Agreement were arrived at in
consideration of such provisions. This Purchase Agreement, including the AGTA, contains the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all previous proposals, understandings, commitments or representations whatsoever, oral or written, with
respect to the subject matter hereof, and may be changed only in writing signed by authorized representatives of the parties. 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By /s/ Brian F. Davis 

 Its Vice - President 

THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ Gunar Clem 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

Table 2 
 To Purchase Agreement 2061 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

Airframe Model/MTGW: 777-200ER 580,000 
 
 Engine Model: GE90-90B 
 
 Airframe Base Price: [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 Optional Features: SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMIS- 
 SION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 Sub-Total of Airframe CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 and Features: 
 
 Buyer Furnished Equipment 
 (BFE) Estimate: 
 
 Seller Purchased 
 Equipment (SPE) including 
 IFE est: 
 
 Engine Price (Per Aircraft): 
 
 Detail Specification: D019W001-CAL-2B (10/10/97) 
 
 Airframe Price Base Year: Jul-95 
 
 Engine Price Base Year: Jul-00 
 
 Airframe Escalation Data : 
 
 Base Year Index (ECI): [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 Base Year Index (ICI): SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMIS- 
 SION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 Engine Escalation Data : CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 Base Year Index (CPI): 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 ENGINE ESCALATION, 
 ENGINE WARRANTY AND PATENT INDEMNITY 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, inc. 

Supplemental Exhibit EE2 to Purchase Agreement Number 2061 

ENGINE ESCALATION, 
 ENGINE WARRANTY AND PATENT INDEMNITY 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 777-200ER AIRCRAFT 

1. ENGINE ESCALATION . 

 (a) The Aircraft Basic Price of each Aircraft set forth in Table 2 of the Purchase Agreement includes an aggregate price for GE90 engines and all accessories, equipment and parts provided by the engine manufacturer. The adjustment in Engine price
applicable to each Aircraft (Engine Price Adjustment) will be determined at the time of Aircraft delivery in accordance with the following formula: 

 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 (b) The following definitions will apply herein: 

 P e = Engine Price Adjustment 

P b = Engine Base Price (per Aircraft), as set forth in Table 2 of the Purchase Agreement. 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 The Engine Price Adjustment will not be made if it would result in a decrease in the Engine Base Price. 

 (c) The values of the Average Hourly Earnings and Producer Price Indices used will be those published as of a date 30 days prior to the scheduled Aircraft delivery to Customer. Such values will be considered final and no Engine Price Adjustment
will be made after Aircraft delivery for any subsequent changes in published Index values. 

 (d) In the event the Engine price escalation provisions are made non-enforceable or otherwise rendered null and void by any agency of the United States Government, or if the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics (i) substantially
revises the methodology (in contrast to benchmark adjustments or other corrections of previously published data) or (ii) discontinues publication of any of the data referred to above, General Electric Company (GE) agrees to meet jointly with Boeing and
Customer, (to the extent such parties may lawfully do so,) to jointly select a substitute for the revised or discontinued data; such substitute data to lead in application to the same adjustment result, insofar as possible, as would have been achieved by
continuing the use of the original data as it may have fluctuated had it not been revised or discontinued. If such Engine price escalation provisions, methodology or data publication are subsequently reinstated, Boeing will make adjustments consistent
with the agreements defined in this Supplemental Exhibit EE2. 

NOTE : The factor (CPI divided by the base year index) by which the Engine Base Price is to be multiplied will be expressed as a decimal and rounded to the nearest thousandth. Any rounding of a number, as required under this Supplemental
Exhibit EE2 with respect to escalation of the Engine price, will be accomplished as follows: if the first digit of the portion to be dropped from the number to be rounded is five or greater, the preceding digit will be raised to the next higher number. 

2. ENGINE WARRANTY AND PRODUCT SUPPORT PLAN . 

 Boeing has obtained from GE the right to extend to Customer the provisions of GE's warranty as set forth below (herein referred to as the "Warranty"); subject, however, to Customer's acceptance of the conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, Boeing
hereby extends to Customer and Customer hereby accepts the provisions of GE's Warranty as hereinafter set forth, and such Warranty shall apply to all GE90 type Engines (including all Modules and Parts thereof) installed in the Aircraft at the time of
delivery or purchased from Boeing by Customer for support of the Aircraft except that, if Customer and GE have executed, or hereafter execute, a General Terms Agreement covering the Engines, then the terms of that Agreement shall be substituted for and
supersede the provisions of paragraphs 1 through 11 below and paragraphs 1 through 11 below shall be of no force or effect and neither Boeing nor GE shall have any obligation arising therefrom. In consideration for Boeing's extension of the GE Warranty
to Customer, Customer hereby releases and discharges Boeing from any and all claims, obligations and liabilities whatsoever arising out of the purchase or use of such GE90 type Engines and Customer hereby waives, releases and renounces all its rights in
all such claims, obligations and liabilities [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . In addition, Customer hereby releases and discharges GE from any and
all claims, obligations and liabilities whatsoever arising out of the purchase or use of such GE90 type Engines except as otherwise expressly assumed by GE in such GE Warranty or General Terms Agreement between Customer and GE and Customer hereby waives,
releases and renounces all its rights in all such claims, obligations and liabilities. 

 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

GE90 Warranty Parts List 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Warranty Parts List may change 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 October 31, 2000 
 2061-1R4 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, TX 77002 

Subject: Option Aircraft 

Reference: Purchase Agreement No. 2061 (the Purchase Agreement) between The Boeing Company Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. Customer) relating to Model 777-200ER aircraft (the Aircraft) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

 This Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirely Letter
Agreement 2061-1R3 dated May 14, 1999. 

 Boeing agrees to manufacture and sell to Customer additional Model 777-200ER aircraft as Option Aircraft . The delivery months, number of aircraft, Advance Payment Base Price per aircraft and advance payment schedule are listed in the
Attachment to this Letter Agreement (the Attachment). 

 1. Aircraft Description and Changes 
 
 1.1 Aircraft Description : The Option Aircraft are described by the Detail Specification listed in the Attachment. 

 1.2 Changes : The Detail Specification will be revised to include: 

(i) Changes applicable to the basic Model 777 aircraft which are developed by Boeing between the date of the Detail Specification and the signing of the definitive agreement to purchase the Option Aircraft; 
 (ii) Changes required to obtain required regulatory certificates; and 

Changes mutually agreed upon. 

2. Price 
 
 2.1 The pricing elements of the Option Aircraft are listed in the Attachment. 

 2.2 Price Adjustments . 

 2.2.1 Optional Features . The Optional Features Prices for the Option Aircraft will be adjusted to Boeing's current prices as of the date of execution of the definitive agreement for the Option Aircraft. 

 2.2.2 Escalation Adjustments . The Airframe Price and the Optional Features Prices for Option Aircraft delivering before January, 2003, will be escalated on the same basis as the Aircraft. 

 The engine manufacturer's current escalation provisions, listed in Exhibit Supplement EE2 to the Purchase Agreement, have been estimated to the months of scheduled delivery using commercial forecasts to calculate the Advance Payment Base Price listed
in the Attachment to this Letter Agreement. The engine escalation provisions will be revised if they are changed by the engine manufacturer prior to the signing of a definitive agreement for the Option Aircraft. 

 2.2.3 Base Price Adjustments . The Airframe Price and the Engine Price of the Option Aircraft delivering before January, 2003, will be adjusted to Boeing's and the engine manufacturer's then current prices as of the date of execution of
the definitive agreement for the Option Aircraft. 

 2.2.4 Prices for Long Lead Time Aircraft . Boeing and the engine manufacturer have not established prices and escalation provisions for Model 777-200ER aircraft and engines for delivery in the year 2003 and after. When prices and the
pricing bases are established for the Model 777-200ER aircraft delivering in the year 2003 and after, the information listed in the Attachment will be appropriately amended. 

 3. Payment . 

 3.1 Customer has paid a deposit to Boeing in the amount shown in the Attachment for each Option Aircraft (Deposit), prior to the date of this Letter Agreement. If Customer exercises an option, the Deposit will be credited against the first
advance payment due. If Customer does not exercise an option, Boeing will retain the Deposit for that Option Aircraft. 

 3.2 Following option exercise, advance payments in the amounts and at the times listed in the Attachment will be payable for the Option Aircraft. 
 The remainder of the Aircraft Price for the Option Aircraft will be paid at the time of delivery. 

 4. Option Exercise . 

 Customer may exercise an option by giving written notice to Boeing on or before the date [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] months
prior to the first business day of the applicable delivery month listed in the Attachment (Option Exercise Date). 

 5. Contract Terms . 

 Boeing and Customer will use their best efforts to reach a definitive agreement for the purchase of an Option Aircraft, including the terms and conditions contained in this Letter Agreement, in the Purchase Agreement, and other terms and
conditions as may be agreed upon to add the Option Aircraft to the Purchase Agreement as an Aircraft. In the event the parties have not entered into a definitive agreement within 30 days following option exercise, either party may terminate the purchase
of such Option Aircraft by giving written notice to the other within 5 days. [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ Henry H. Hart 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: October 31, 2000 

 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 
 
 Attachment 
 Attachment to 
 Letter Agremenet 2061-1R4 Option Aircraft Delivery, 
 Description, Price and Advance Payments 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 19
 exhibit1024b.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.24(B)

Supplemental Agreement No 

Exhibit 10.24(b) 
 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 
 
 to 
 
 Purchase Agreement No. 2211 
 
 between 
 
 The Boeing Company 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Relating to Boeing Model 767-200ER Aircraft 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT, entered into as of October 31, 2000, by and between THE BOEING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation with its principal office in Seattle, Washington, (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its
principal office in Houston, Texas (Customer); 

 WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered into Purchase Agreement No. 2211 dated November 16, 1998, (the Purchase Agreement) relating to Boeing Model 767-200ER aircraft, (Aircraft); and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer wish to amend the Purchase Agreement to reflect the finalized configuration of the Aircraft; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have mutually agreed to [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and 

 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have mutually agreed to amend the Purchase Agreement to reflect an [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and

WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have mutually agreed to amend the Purchase Agreement to incorporate the effect of these and certain other changes; 

 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows: 

Table of Contents : 

Remove and replace, in its entirety, the "Table of Contents", with the "Table of Contents" attached hereto, to reflect the changes made by this Supplemental Agreement No. 2. 

 2. Tables : 

 Remove and replace, in its entirety, "Table 1, Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments" with the revised "Table 1, Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments", attached hereto, to reflect a change to the optional
features price related to the incorporation of a new Exhibit A. 

 3. Exhibits: 
 
 Remove and replace, in its entirety, Exhibit A with the revised 
 Exhibit A (attached hereto) to reflect the final configuration of the Aircraft. 

 4. Supplemental Exhibits: 
 
 Remove and replace, in its entirety, Supplemental Exhibit CS1 with the revised Supplemental Exhibit CS1 (attached hereto) to reflect an [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A
REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 

 5. Letter Agreements : 

 Remove and replace, in its entirety, Letter Agreement 2211-01R1, "Option Aircraft" with new Letter Agreement 2211-01R2, "Option Aircraft" attached hereto, to reflect the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 

The Purchase Agreement will be deemed to be supplemented to the extent herein provided as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By: /s/ J. A. McGarvey By: /s/ Gerald Laderman 

Its: Attorney-In-Fact Its: Senior Vice President - Finance 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLES Revised By: 
 
 1. Quantity, Model and Description 

 2. Delivery Schedule 

 3. Price 

 4. Payment 

 5. Miscellaneous 

TABLE 
 
 1. Aircraft Information Table SA No. 2 

EXHIBIT 
 
 A. Aircraft Configuration SA No. 2 

 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 

SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS 
 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 

 CS1. Customer Support Variables SA No. 2 

 EE1. Engine Escalation/Engine Warranty 
 and Patent Indemnity 

 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

LETTER AGREEMENTS Revised By: 
 
 2211-01R2 Option Aircraft SA No. 2 

 2211-02 Demonstration Flights 

 2211-03 Spares Initial Provisioning 

 2211-04 Flight Crew Training Spares 
 Parts Support 

 2211-05 Escalation Sharing 

 6-1162-JMG-184 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment SA No. 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CONFIDENTIAL LETTER AGREEMENTS Revised By: 
 
 6-1162-JMG-0089 Performance Guarantees 

 6-1162-JMG-0090 Promotion Support 

 6-1162-JMG-0092R1 Special Matters SA No. 1 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS Dated as of: 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 1 July 2, 1999 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 October 31, 2000 
 Table 1 to 
 Purchase Agreement No. 2211 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

Airframe Model/MTGW: 767-200ER 395,000 
 
 Engine Model: CF6-80C2B4F 
 
 Airframe Basic Price: [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 Optional Features: SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMIS- 
 SION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 Sub-Total of Airframe CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 and Features: 
 
 Engine Price (Per Aircraft): 
 
 Aircraft Basic Price 
 (Excluding BFE/SPE): 
 
 Seller Purchased Equipment 
 (SPE) Estimate: 
 
 Detail Specification: D019T001 (6/6/1997) 
 
 Price Base Year: Jul-97 
 
 Airframe Escalation Data : 
 
 Base Year Index (ECI): [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 Basic Year Index (ICI): SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMIS- 
 SION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 Engine Escalation Data: CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 Base Year Index (CPI): 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Exhibit A to Purchase Agreement Number 2211 

 AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 Dated October 31, 2000 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 767-224ER AIRCRAFT 

The Detail Specification is Boeing Detail Specification D019T001CAL62E1 dated as of even date herewith. Such Detail Specification will be comprised of Boeing Configuration Specification D019T001, revision A, dated June 6, 1997 as amended to
incorporate the Options listed below, including the effects on Manufacturer's Empty Weight (MEW) and Operating Empty Weight (OEW). Such Options are set forth in Boeing Document D019TCR1CAL62E-1. As soon as practicable, Boeing will furnish to Buyer
copies of the Detail Specification, which copies will reflect such Options. The Aircraft Basic Price reflects and includes all effects of such Options, except such Aircraft Basic Price does not include the price effects of any Buyer Furnished Equipment
or Seller Purchased Equipment 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

CUSTOMER SUPPORT VARIABLES 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

Supplemental Exhibit CS1 to Purchase Agreement Number 2211 

CUSTOMER SUPPORT VARIABLES 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 767-224ER AIRCRAFT 

Customer and Boeing will conduct planning conferences approximately 12 months prior to delivery of the first Aircraft, or as mutually agreed, in order to develop and schedule a customized Customer Support Program to be furnished by
Boeing in support of the Aircraft. 
 
 The customized Customer Services Program will be based upon and equivalent to the entitlements summarized below. 

1. Maintenance Training . 

Maintenance Training Differences Course covering operational, structural or systems differences between Customer's newly-purchased Aircraft and an aircraft of the same model currently operated by Customer; 1 class of 15 students. 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

1.4 Training materials will be provided to each student. In addition, one set of training materials as used in Boeing's training program, including visual aids, text and graphics will be provided for use in Customer's own training
program. 

2. Flight Training . 

Boeing will provide, if required, one classroom course to acquaint up to 8 students (four flight crews) with operational, systems and performance differences between Customer's newly-purchased Aircraft and an aircraft of the same
model currently operated by Customer. 

2.2 Training materials will be provided to each student [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

3. Planning Assistance . 

3.1 Maintenance and Ground Operations . 
 
 Upon request, Boeing will visit Customer's main base to evaluate aircraft maintenance facilities, develop recommendations and assist in maintenance planning. 

Spares . 

Boeing will revise, as applicable, the customized Recommended Spares Parts List (RSPL) and Illustrated Parts Catalog (IPC) 

4. Technical Data and Documents . 

 The following list contains the documents Customer will receive to support the introduction and operation of the Aircraft. Customer and Boeing will conduct a planning conference approximately 12 months before the first delivery of the Aircraft to
mutually determine the proper format (e.g. digital or hard copy) and quantity of Materials to be furnished to Customer. 

4.1 Flight Operations . 

 Aircraft Rescue and Firefighting Document 
 Airplane Characteristics for Airport Planning Document 
 Airplane Flight Manual 
 Dispatch Deviation Procedures Guide 

ETOPS Guide Vol. III 
 Fault Reporting Manual 
 Flight Attendant Manual 
 Flight Crew Training Manual 
 FMC Supplemental Data Document 

Fuel Measuring Stick Calibration Document 

Jet Transport Performance Methods 
 Operational Performance Software 

Operations Manual 

Performance Engineer's Manual 

Planning and Performance Manual 
 Quick Reference Handbook 
 Weight and Balance Manual 

4.2 Maintenance . 

 Aircraft Recovery Document 

Baggage/Cargo Loading Manual 

Configuration, Maintenance and Procedures for Extended Range Operation 
 Corrosion Prevention Manual 
 Engine Handling Document 
 ETOPS Guide Vol. I 
 ETOPS Guide Vol. II 
 Facilities and Equipment Planning Document 
 Fault Isolation Manual 
 Illustrated Tool and Equipment List/Manual 
 Maintenance Inspection Intervals Report 
 Maintenance Manual 
 Maintenance Planning Data Document 
 Maintenance Task Cards and Index 
 Non-Destructive Test Manual 
 Overhaul and Component Maintenance Manual 
 Power Plant Buildup Manual 
 Special Tool and Ground Handling Equipment Drawings and Index 
 Standard Overhaul Practices Manual 
 Standard Wiring Practices Manual 
 Structural Repair Manual 
 Systems Schematics Manual 
 Wiring Diagram Manual 

4.3 Service Bulletin Engineering . 

 Service Bulletins 
 Service Bulletins Index 
 Structural Item Interim Advisory 

4.4 Service Engineering . 

 All Operator Letter 
 Combined Index 
 In Service Activity Report 
 Maintenance Tips 
 Service Letters 

4.5 Data Services Management. 

 Illustrated Parts Catalog 

4.6 Boeing Product Standards Services. 

 Standards Books 
 Supplementary Tooling Documentation 

4.7 Supplier Contract Management 

 Component Maintenance/Overhaul Manuals and Index 
 Ground Support Equipment Data 
 Supplier Product Support and Assurance Agreements Document (Vol I and Vol II) 
 Product Support Supplier Directory 
 Provisioning Information 

 Publications Index 

 Service Bulletins 

October 31, 2000 
 2211-01R2 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith 
 Houston, TX 77002 

Subject: Option Aircraft 

Reference: Purchase Agreement 2211 (the Purchase Agreement) between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. (Customer) relating to Model 767-224ER aircraft (the Aircraft) 

This Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter
Agreement 2211-01R1. 

 Boeing agrees to manufacture and sell to Customer additional Model 767-224ER aircraft as Option Aircraft . The delivery months, number of aircraft, Advance Payment Base Price per aircraft and advance payment schedule are listed in the
Attachment to this Letter Agreement (the Attachment). 

 1. Aircraft Description and Changes 
 
 1.1 Aircraft Description : The Option Aircraft are described by the Detail Specification listed in the Attachment. 

 1.2 Changes : The Detail Specification will be revised to include: 

(i) Changes applicable to the basic Model 767 aircraft which are developed by Boeing between the date of the Detail Specification and the signing of the definitive agreement to purchase the Option Aircraft; 
 (ii) Changes required to obtain required regulatory certificates; and 
 (iii) Changes mutually agreed upon. 

2. Price 
 
 2.1 The pricing elements of the Option Aircraft are listed in the Attachment. 

 2.2 Price Adjustments . 

 2.2.1 Optional Features . The Optional Features Prices selected for the Option Aircraft will be adjusted to Boeing's current prices as of the date of execution of the definitive agreement for the Option Aircraft. 

 2.2.2 Escalation Adjustments . The Airframe Price and the Optional Features Prices for Option Aircraft delivering before January, 2005, will be escalated on the same basis as the Aircraft, and will be adjusted to Boeing's
then-current escalation provisions as of the date of execution of the definitive agreement for the Option Aircraft. 

 The engine manufacturer's current escalation provisions, listed in Exhibit Supplement EE1 to the Purchase Agreement have been estimated to the months of scheduled delivery using commercial forecasts to calculate the Advance Payment Base Price listed
in the Attachment to this Letter Agreement. The engine escalation provisions will be revised if they are changed by the engine manufacturer prior to the signing of a definitive agreement for the Option Aircraft. 

 2.2.3 Base Price Adjustments . The Airframe Price and the Engine Price of the Option Aircraft delivering before January, 2005, will be adjusted to Boeing's and the engine manufacturer's then current prices as of the date of execution
of the definitive agreement for the Option Aircraft. 

 2.2.4 Prices for Long Lead Time Aircraft . Boeing and the engine manufacturer have not established prices and escalation provisions for Model 767-224ER aircraft and engines for delivery in the year 2005 and after. When prices and
the pricing bases are established for the Model 767-224ER aircraft delivering in the year 2005 and after, the information listed in the Attachment will be appropriately amended. 

 3. Payment . 

 3.1 Customer has paid a deposit to Boeing in the amount shown in the Attachment for each Option Aircraft (Deposit), prior to the date of this Letter Agreement. If Customer exercises an option, the Deposit will be credited against the first
advance payment due. If Customer does not exercise an option, Boeing will retain the Deposit for that Option Aircraft. 

3.2 Following option exercise, advance payments in the amounts and at the times listed in the Attachment will be payable for the Option Aircraft. The remainder of the Aircraft Price for the Option Aircraft will be paid at the time of delivery.

4. Option Exercise . 

 Customer may exercise an option by giving written notice to Boeing on or before the date [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST
FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] months prior to the first business day of the applicable delivery month listed in the Attachment (Option Exercise Date). 

5. Contract Terms . 

 Boeing and Customer will use their best efforts to reach a definitive agreement for the purchase of an Option Aircraft, including the terms and conditions contained in this Letter Agreement, in the Purchase Agreement, and other terms and
conditions as may be agreed upon to add the Option Aircraft to the Purchase Agreement as an Aircraft. In the event the parties have not entered into a definitive agreement within 30 days following option exercise, either party may terminate the purchase
of such Option Aircraft by giving written notice to the other within 5 days. [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: October 31, 2000 

 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 

Attachment 

 Attachment to 
 Letter Agreement No. 2211-01R2 
 Option Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

Airframe Model/MTGW: 767-200ER 395,000 
 
 Engine Model: CF6-80C2B4F 
 
 Airframe Base Price: [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED 
 SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
 Optional Features: COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 Sub-Total of Airframe 
 And Features: 
 
 Engine Price (Per Aircraft): 
 
 Aircraft Basic Price 
 (Excluding BFE/SPE): 
 
 Buyer Furnished Equipment 
 (BFE) Estimate: 
 
 Seller Purchased Equipment 
 (SPE) Estimate: 
 
 Non-Refundable Deposit per 
 Aircraft at Definitive Agreement: 
 
 Detail Specifications: D019T001 (6/6/97) 
 
 Price Base Year: Jul-97 
 
 Airframe Escalation Data: 
 
 Base Year Index (ECI): [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED 
 SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
 Base Year Index (ICI): COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 Engine Escalation Data: 
 
 Base Year Index (CPI): 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 20
 exhibit1025.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.25

PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 2333 

PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 2333 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Relating to Boeing Model 757-324 Aircraft 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLES Revised By: 
 
 1. Quantity, Model and Description 

 2. Delivery Schedule 

 3. Price 

 4. Payment 

 5. Miscellaneous 

TABLE 
 
 1. Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

EXHIBIT 
 
 A. Aircraft Configuration 

 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 

SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS 

 AE1. Escalation Adjustment/Airframe and Optional Features 

 BFE1. Buyer Furnished Equipment Variables 

 CS1. Customer Support Variables 

 EE1. Engine Escalation and Engine Warranty 

 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 

 LETTER AGREEMENTS Revised By: 
 
 2333-01 Not Used 

 2333-02 Not Used 

 2333-03 Demonstration Flight Waiver 

 2333-04 Option Aircraft 

 2333-05 Rolls-Royce Engine Price Adjustment 

 2333-06 Customer Directed Seller Purchased Equipment 
 and Seller Purchased Equipment 

 2333-07 Flight Crew Training Spare Parts Support 

 2333-08 Spares Initial Provisioning 

CONFIDENTIAL LETTER AGREEMENTS 
 
 6-1162-JMG-0318 Aircraft Performance Guarantees 

 6-1162-JMG-0319 Promotional Support 

 6-1162-JMG-0320 Special Matters 

Purchase Agreement No. 2333 
 
 between 
 
 The Boeing Company 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 
 ______________________________ 

 This Purchase Agreement No. 2333 dated as of December 29, 2000 is between The Boeing Company Boeing and Continental Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to the purchase and sale of Model 757-324 aircraft.
The terms and conditions (except as specifically set forth below) of the Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL (AGTA) are hearby incorporated by reference to this Purchase Agreement. 

Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description . 

 The aircraft to be delivered to Customer will be designated as Model 757-324 aircraft (the Aircraft ). Boeing will manufacture and sell to Customer Aircraft conforming to the configuration described in Exhibit A in
the quantities listed in Table 1 to this Purchase Agreement. 

Article 2. Delivery Schedule . 

 The Aircraft will be delivered to Customer in accordance with the scheduled months of delivery listed in the attached Table 1. Exhibit B, which is part of this Purchase Agreement, describes certain responsibilities for both
Customer and Boeing in order to accomplish the delivery of the Aircraft. 

Article 3. Price . 
 
 3.1 Aircraft Basic Price. The Aircraft Basic Price is listed in Table 1 and is subject to mutually agreed upon price adjustments and the Escalation Adjustment. 
 
 3.2 Advance Payment Base Prices . The Advance Payment Base Prices for the Aircraft are listed in Table 1 and were calculated utilizing the latest escalation factors available to Boeing on the date of this Purchase
Agreement projected to the month of scheduled delivery. 
 
 3.3 Boeing has not yet established the Aircraft Basic Price for Aircraft scheduled to be delivered after December 31, 2005. The prices listed in Table 1 for such Aircraft are only to provide Customer with an estimate of the
applicable Advance Payment Base Prices. Accordingly, the Aircraft Basic Price for such Aircraft will be the sum of the Airframe Price, Optional Features Prices and the Engine Price first published by Boeing for the same model of aircraft and engines to
be delivered after December 31, 2005. 

Article 4. Payment . 

 4.1 Boeing acknowledges receipt of a deposit in the amount shown in Table 1 for each Aircraft Deposit ). 

 4.2 The amounts and payment dates for advance payments to be made by Customer are set forth in the attached Table 1. Advance payments for each aircraft are due on the first business day of the months listed in the attached
Table 1. 
 
 4.3 For any Aircraft whose scheduled month of delivery is less than 24 months from the date of this Purchase Agreement, the total amount of advance payments due for payment upon signing of this Purchase Agreement will
include all advance payments which are past due in accordance with the standard advance payment schedule set forth in Table 1. 

 4.4 The Aircraft Price is the total amount Customer will pay to Boeing at the time of delivery of each Aircraft. Such Aircraft Price will be calculated at time of delivery using then available escalation factors to
calculate the Escalation Adjustment. The invoice amount for an Aircraft will show the Aircraft Price appropriately adjusted to account for previously received applicable advance payments. 

Article 5. Miscellaneous . 
 
 5.1 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments . Table 1 consolidates information contained in Articles 1, 2, 3 and 4 with respect to (i) quantity of Aircraft, (ii) applicable Detail
Specification, (iii) month and year of scheduled deliveries, (iv) Aircraft Basic Price, (v) applicable escalation factors and (vi) Advance Payment Base Prices and advance payments and their schedules. 
 
 5.2 Escalation Adjustment/Airframe and Optional Features . Supplemental Exhibit AE1 contains the applicable airframe and optional features escalation formula. The provisions of Exhibit D to the AGTA are not
applicable to this Purchase Agreement. Accordingly, the definition of "Escalation Adjustment" is hereby revised to refer to "Exhibit AE1" instead of "Exhibit D". 
 
 5.3 Buyer Furnished Equipment Variables . Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 contains vendor selection dates, on dock dates and other variables applicable to the Aircraft. 
 
 5.4 Customer Support Variables . Supplemental Exhibit CS1 contains the variable information applicable to information, training services and other things furnished by Boeing in support of the Aircraft. 
 
 5.5 Engine Escalation and Engine Warranty . Supplemental Exhibit EE1 contains the applicable engine escalation formula and the engine warranty for the Aircraft. 
 
 5.6 Service Life Policy Components . Supplemental Exhibit SLP1 lists the airframe and landing gear components covered by the Service Life Policy for the Aircraft. 
 
 5.7 Public Announcement. Boeing reserves the right to make a public announcement regarding Customer's purchase of the Aircraft (excluding any confidential information such as price, delivery schedule, etc.) upon
approval of Boeing's press release by Customer's public relations department or other authorized representative. 

5.8 Negotiated Agreement; Entire Agreement . This Purchase Agreement, including the provisions of Article 8.2 of the AGTA relating to insurance, and Article 12 of Part 2 of Exhibit C of the AGTA relating to 
DISCLAIMER AND RELEASE and EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL AND OTHER DAMAGES , has been the subject of discussion and negotiation and is understood by the parties; the Aircraft Price and other agreements of the parties stated in this Purchase Agreement were arrived at in
consideration of such provisions. This Purchase Agreement, including the AGTA, contains the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all previous proposals, understandings, commitments or representations whatsoever, oral or written, with
respect to the subject matter hereof, and may be changed only in writing signed by authorized representatives of the parties. 

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. THE BOEING COMPANY 

 By /s/ Gerald Laderman By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance By Attorney-In-Fact 

Table 1 to 
 Purchase Agreement No. 2333 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

Airframe Model/MTGW: 757-300 260,000 
 
 Engine Model: RB211-535E4-B 
 
 Detail Specification: D019N003 (5/16/2000) 
 
 Price Base Year: Jul-99 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Exhibit A to Purchase Agreement Number 2333 

AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 Dated December 29, 2000 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 757-324 AIRCRAFT 

The Detail Specification is Boeing Detail Specification D019N003CAL53P-1 dated as of even date herewith. Such Detail Specification will be comprised of Boeing Configuration Specification D019N003, Revision B, dated September 20, 2000 as amended
to incorporate the Options listed below, including the effects on Manufacturer's Empty Weight (MEW) and Operating Empty Weight (OEW). Such Options are set forth in Boeing Document D019NCR1CAL53P-1. As soon as practicable, Boeing will furnish to Buyer
copies of the Detail Specification, which copies will reflect such Options. The Aircraft Basic Price reflects and includes all effects of such Options, except such Aircraft Basic Price does not include the price effects of any Buyer Furnished Equipment
or Seller Purchased Equipment. 

Exhibit A to 
 Purchase Agreement No. 2333 

Price 
 Per A/P F/O 
 CR / TITLE 1999 PRICE 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 AIRCRAFT DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Exhibit B to Purchase Agreement Number 2333 

AIRCRAFT DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 757-324 AIRCRAFT 

Both Boeing and Customer have certain documentation and approval responsibilities at various times during the construction cycle of Customer's Aircraft that are critical to making the delivery of each Aircraft a positive experience for both parties.
This Exhibit B documents those responsibilities and indicates recommended completion deadlines for the actions to be accomplished. Failure to obtain such completion deadlines shall not be deemed a breach of this Purchase Agreement or reduce or amend the
parties' obligations hereunder. 

 1. GOVERNMENT DOCUMENTATION REQUIREMENTS . 

 Certain actions are required to be taken by Customer in advance of the scheduled delivery month of each Aircraft with respect to obtaining certain government issued documentation. 

 1.1 Airworthiness and Registration Documents . 

 Not later than 6 months prior to delivery of each Aircraft, Customer will notify Boeing of the registration number to be painted on the side of the Aircraft. In addition, and not later than 3 months prior to delivery of each
Aircraft, Customer will, by letter to the regulatory authority having jurisdiction, authorize the temporary use of such registration numbers by Boeing during the pre-delivery testing of the Aircraft. 

 Customer is responsible for furnishing any temporary or permanent registration certificates required by any governmental authority having jurisdiction to be displayed aboard the Aircraft after delivery. 

 1.2 Certificate of Sanitary Construction . 

 1.2.1 U.S. Registered Aircraft. Boeing will obtain from the United States Public Health Service, a United States Certificate of Sanitary Construction to be displayed aboard each Aircraft after delivery to Customer. 

 1.2.2 Non-U.S. Registered Aircraft. If Customer requires a United States Certificate of Sanitary Construction at the time of delivery of the Aircraft, Customer will give written notice thereof to Boeing at least 3 months
prior to delivery . Boeing will then use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the Certificate from the United States Public Health Service and present it to Customer at the time of Aircraft delivery. 

 1.3 Customs Documentation. 
 
 1.3.1 Import Documentation. If the Aircraft is intended to be exported from the United States, Customer must notify Boeing not later than 3 months prior to delivery of each Aircraft of any documentation required by the
customs authorities or by any other agency of the country of import. 

 1.3.2 General Declaration - U.S. If the Aircraft is intended to be exported from the United States, Boeing will prepare Customs Form 7507, General Declaration, for execution by U.S. Customs immediately prior to the ferry
flight of the Aircraft. For this purpose, Customer will furnish to Boeing not later than 20 days prior to delivery a complete crew and passenger list and a complete ferry flight itinerary, including point of exit from the United States for the Aircraft. 

 If Customer intends, during the ferry flight of an Aircraft, to land at a U.S. airport after clearing Customs at delivery, Customer must notify Boeing not later than 20 days prior to delivery of such intention. If Boeing receives such
notification, Boeing will provide to Customer the documents constituting a Customs permit to proceed, allowing such Aircraft to depart after any such landing. Sufficient copies of completed Form 7507, along with passenger manifest, will be furnished
to Customer to cover U.S. stops scheduled for the ferry flight. 

 1.3.3 Export Declaration - U.S. If the Aircraft is intended to be exported from the United States, Boeing will prepare Form 7525V and, immediately prior to the ferry flight , will submit such Form to U.S. Customs in
Seattle in order to obtain clearance for the departure of the Aircraft, including any cargo, from the United States. U.S. Customs will deliver the Export Declaration to the U.S. Department of Commerce after export. 

 2. Insurance CertificateS . 

 Unless provided earlier, Customer will provide to Boeing not later than 30 days prior to delivery of the first Aircraft, a copy of the requisite annual insurance certificate in accordance with the requirements of Article 8 of the AGTA. 

3. NOTICE OF FLYAWAY CONFIGURATION . 

 Not later than 20 days prior to delivery of the Aircraft, Customer will provide to Boeing a configuration letter stating the requested "flyaway configuration" of the Aircraft for its ferry flight. This configuration letter should include
: 

(i) the name of the company which is to furnish fuel for the ferry flight and any scheduled post-delivery flight training, the method of payment for such fuel, and fuel load for the ferry flight; 

 (ii) the cargo to be loaded and where it is to be stowed on board the Aircraft, the address where cargo is to be shipped after flyaway and notification of any hazardous materials requiring special handling; 

 (iii) any BFE equipment to be removed prior to flyaway and returned to Boeing BFE stores for installation on Customer's subsequent Aircraft; 

 (iv) a complete list of names and citizenship of each crew member and non-revenue passenger who will be aboard the ferry flight; and 

 (v) a complete ferry flight itinerary. 

4. DELIVERY ACTIONS BY BOEING . 

 4.1 Schedule of Inspections . All FAA, Boeing, Customer and, if required, U.S. Customs Bureau inspections will be scheduled by Boeing for completion prior to delivery or departure of the Aircraft. Customer will be informed of such
schedules. 

 4.2 Schedule of Demonstration Flights . All FAA and Customer demonstration flights will be scheduled by Boeing for completion prior to delivery of the Aircraft. 

 4.3 Schedule for Customer's Flight Crew . Boeing will inform Customer of the date that a flight crew is required for acceptance routines associated with delivery of the Aircraft. 

 4.4 Fuel Provided by Boeing . Boeing will provide to Customer, without charge, the amount of fuel shown in U.S. gallons in the table below for the model of Aircraft being delivered and full capacity of engine oil at the time of
delivery or prior to the ferry flight of the Aircraft. 

Aircraft Model 
 
 Fuel Provided 

757 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMIS- 
 SION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

4.5 Flight Crew and Passenger Consumables . Boeing will provide reasonable quantities of food, coat hangers, towels, toilet tissue, drinking cups and soap for the first segment of the ferry flight for the Aircraft. 

 4.6 Delivery Papers, Documents and Data . Boeing will have available at the time of delivery of the Aircraft certain delivery papers, documents and data for execution and delivery. Boeing will pre-position in Oklahoma City,
Oklahoma, for filing with the FAA at the time of delivery of the Aircraft an executed original Form 8050-2, Aircraft Bill of Sale, indicating transfer of title to the Aircraft from Boeing or Boeing's sales subsidiary to Customer. 

 4.7 Delegation of Authority . If specifically requested in advance by Customer, Boeing will present a certified copy of a Resolution of Boeing's Board of Directors, designating and authorizing certain persons to act on its behalf in
connection with delivery of the Aircraft. 

5. DELIVERY ACTIONS BY CUSTOMER . 

 5.1 Aircraft Radio Station License . At delivery Customer will provide its Aircraft Radio Station License to be placed on board the Aircraft following delivery. 

 5.2. Aircraft Flight Log . At delivery Customer will provide the Aircraft Flight Log for the Aircraft. 

 5.3 Delegation of Authority . If necessary, Customer will present to Boeing at delivery of the Aircraft an original or certified copy of Customer's Delegation of Authority designating and authorizing certain persons to act on its
behalf in connection with delivery of the specified Aircraft. 

 ESCALATION ADJUSTMENT 

AIRFRAME AND OPTIONAL FEATURES 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 Supplemental Exhibit AE1 to Purchase Agreement Number 2333 

 ESCALATION ADJUSTMENT 

AIRFRAME AND OPTIONAL FEATURES 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 757-324 AIRCRAFT 

1. Formula . 
 
 Airframe and Optional Features Price adjustments (Airframe Price Adjustment) are used to allow prices to be stated in current year dollars at the signing of this Purchase Agreement and to adjust the amount to be paid by Customer at
delivery for the effects of economic fluctuation. The Airframe Price Adjustment will be determined at the time of Aircraft delivery in accordance with the following formula: 
 
 P a = (P+B)(L + M) - P 
 
 Where: 

P a = Airframe Price Adjustment. 

L = .65 x ECI 
 ECI b where ECI b is the base year index 
 (as set forth in Table 1 of this 
 Purchase Agreement) 
 
 M = .35 x ICI 
 ICI b where ICI b is the base year index 
 (as set forth in Table 1 of this 
 Purchase Agreement) 

P = Airframe Price plus Optional Features Price (as set forth in Table 1 of this Purchase Agreement). 

B = 0.005 x (N/12) x (P) where N is the calendar month and 
 year of scheduled Aircraft delivery 
 minus the calendar month and year 
 of the Base Price Year, both as 
 shown in Table 1 of this 
 Purchase Agreement. 
 
 ECI is a value determined using the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics "Employment Cost Index for workers in aerospace manufacturing - Wages and Salaries" (ECI code 3721W), calculated by establishing a
three-month arithmetic average value (expressed as a decimal and rounded to the nearest tenth) using the values for the fifth, sixth and seventh months prior to the month of scheduled delivery of the applicable Aircraft. As the Employment Cost Index
values are only released on a quarterly basis, the value released for the month of March will be used for the months of January and February; the value for June used for April and May; the value for September used for July and August; and the value for
December used for October and November. 
 
 ICI is a value determined using the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics "Producer Prices and Price Index - Industrial Commodities Index ", calculated as a 3-month arithmetic average of the released monthly
values (expressed as a decimal and rounded to the nearest tenth) using the values for the 5th, 6th and 7th months prior to the month of scheduled delivery of the applicable Aircraft. 
 
 As an example, for an Aircraft scheduled to be delivered in the month of January, the months June, July and August of the preceding year will be utilized in determining the value of ECI and ICI. 

Note: i. In determining the values of L and M, all calculations and resulting values will be expressed as a decimal rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth. 
 
 ii. .65 is the numeric ratio attributed to labor in the Airframe Price Adjustment formula. 
 
 iii. .35 is the numeric ratio attributed to materials in the Airframe Price Adjustment formula. 
 
 iv. The denominators (base year indices) are the actual average values reported by the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics (base year June 1989 = 100). The applicable base year and corresponding denominator is
provided by Boeing in Table 1 of this Purchase Agreement. 
 
 v. The final value of P a will be rounded to the nearest dollar. 
 
 vi. The Airframe Price Adjustment will not be made if it will result in a decrease in the Aircraft Basic Price. 

2. Values to be Utilized in the Event of Unavailability. 
 
 2.1 If the Bureau of Labor Statistics substantially revises the methodology used for the determination of the values to be used to determine the ECI and ICI values (in contrast to benchmark adjustments or other corrections of
previously released values), or for any reason has not released values needed to determine the applicable Airframe Price Adjustment, the parties will, prior to the delivery of any such Aircraft, select a substitute from other Bureau of Labor Statistics
data or similar data reported by non-governmental organizations. Such substitute will result in the same adjustment, insofar as possible, as would have been calculated utilizing the original values adjusted for fluctuation during the applicable time
period. However, if within 24 months after delivery of the Aircraft, the Bureau of Labor Statistics should resume releasing values for the months needed to determine the Airframe Price Adjustment, such values will be used to determine any increase or
decrease in the Airframe Price Adjustment for the Aircraft from that determined at the time of delivery of the Aircraft. 
 
 2.2 Notwithstanding Article 2.1 above, if prior to the scheduled delivery month of an Aircraft the Bureau of Labor Statistics changes the base year for determination of the ECI and ICI values as defined above, such re-based
values will be incorporated in the Airframe Price Adjustment calculation. 
 
 2.3 In the event escalation provisions are made non-enforceable or otherwise rendered void by any agency of the United States Government, the parties agree, to the extent they may lawfully do so, to equitably adjust the Aircraft
Price of any affected Aircraft to reflect an allowance for increases or decreases in labor compensation and material costs occurring since February of the price base year shown in the Purchase Agreement which is consistent with the applicable provisions
of paragraph 1 of this Supplemental Exhibit AE1. 
 
 2.4 If within 12 months of Aircraft delivery, the published index values are revised due to an acknowledged error by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the Airframe Price Adjustment will be re-calculated using the revised index
values (this does not include those values noted as preliminary by the Bureau of Labor Statistics). A credit memorandum or supplemental invoice will be issued for the Airframe Price Adjustment difference. Interest charges will not apply for the period of
original invoice to issuance of credit memorandum or supplemental invoice. 

Note : i. The values released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics and available to Boeing 30 days prior to the scheduled delivery month of an Aircraft will be used to determine the ECI and ICI values for the applicable months
(including those noted as preliminary by the Bureau of Labor Statistics) to calculate the Airframe Price Adjustment for the Aircraft invoice at the time of delivery. The values will be considered final and no Airframe Price Adjustments will be made after
Aircraft delivery for any subsequent changes in published Index values, subject always to paragraph 2.4 above. 
 
 ii. The maximum number of digits to the right of the decimal after rounding utilized in any part of the Airframe Price Adjustment equation will be 4, where rounding of the fourth digit will be increased to the next highest digit
when the 5th digit is equal to 5 or greater. 

BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT VARIABLES 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 to Purchase Agreement Number 2333 

BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT VARIABLES 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 757-324 AIRCRAFT 

This Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 contains vendor selection dates, on-dock dates and other variables applicable to the Aircraft. 
 
 1. Supplier Selection . 

 Customer will: 

 1.1 Select and notify Boeing of the suppliers and part numbers of the following BFE items by the following dates: 

 Galley System Completed 
 
 Galley Inserts Completed 

 Seats (passenger) Completed 

 Overhead Audio System Completed 

 Miscellaneous Emergency Equipment Completed 

 Cargo Handling Systems Telair Scandanavian Bellyloader 

2. On-dock Dates 
 
 On or before February 2001, Boeing will provide to Customer a BFE Requirements On-Dock/Inventory Document (BFE Document) or an electronically transmitted BFE Report which may be periodically revised, setting forth the items, quantities, on-dock
dates and shipping instructions relating to the in-sequence installation of BFE. For planning purposes, a preliminary BFE on-dock schedule is set forth below: 

Item Preliminary On-Dock Dates 

[ Month of Delivery :] 

Seats 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COM- 
 MISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Galleys/Furnishings 

Electronics 

Miscellaneous/ Emergency Equipment 

Textiles/Raw Material 

Cargo Systems 

Provision Kits 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 Item Preliminary On-Dock Dates 

[ Month of Delivery :] 

Seats 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COM- 
 MISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Galleys/Furnishings 

Electronics 

Miscellaneous/ Emergency Equipment 

Textiles/Raw Material 

Cargo Systems 

Provision Kits 

Item Preliminary On-Dock Dates 

[ Month of Delivery :] 

Seats 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COM- 
 MISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Galleys/Furnishings 

Electronics 

Miscellaneous/ Emergency Equipment 

Textiles/Raw Material 

Cargo Systems 

Provision Kits 

Item Preliminary On-Dock Dates 

[ Month of Delivery :] 

Seats 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COM- 
 MISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Galleys/Furnishings 

Electronics 

Miscellaneous/ Emergency Equipment 

Textiles/Raw Material 

Cargo Systems 

Provision Kits 

Item Preliminary On-Dock Dates 

[ Month of Delivery :] 

Seats 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COM- 
 MISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Galleys/Furnishings 

Electronics 

Miscellaneous/ Emergency Equipment 

Textiles/Raw Material 

Cargo Systems 

Provision Kits 

Radomes 

Item Preliminary On-Dock Dates 

[ Month of Delivery :] 

Seats 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COM- 
 MISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Galleys/Furnishings 

Electronics 

Miscellaneous/ Emergency Equipment 

Textiles/Raw Material 

Cargo Systems 

Provision Kits 

Radomes 

Item Preliminary On-Dock Dates 

[ Month of Delivery :] 

Seats 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COM- 
 MISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Galleys/Furnishings 

Electronics 

Miscellaneous/ Emergency Equipment 

Textiles/Raw Material 

Cargo Systems 

Provision Kits 

Radomes 

Item Preliminary On-Dock Dates 

[ Month of Delivery :] 

Seats 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COM- 
 MISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Galleys/Furnishings 

Electronics 

Miscellaneous/ Emergency Equipment 

Textiles/Raw Material 

Cargo Systems 

Provision Kits 

Radomes 

CUSTOMER SUPPORT VARIABLES 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

Supplemental Exhibit CS1 to Purchase Agreement Number 2333 

CUSTOMER SUPPORT VARIABLES 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 757-324 AIRCRAFT 

Customer currently operates an aircraft of the same model as the Aircraft. Upon Customer's request, Boeing will develop and schedule a customized Customer Support Program to be furnished in support of the Aircraft. The customized
program will be based upon and equivalent to the entitlements summarized below. 

1. Maintenance Training . 

1.1 Maintenance Training Minor Model Differences Course, if requested, covering operational, structural or systems differences between Customer's newly-purchased Aircraft and an aircraft of the same model currently operated by
Customer; 1 class of 18 students; 
 
 1.2 Training materials, if applicable, will be provided to each student. In addition, one set of training materials as used in Boeing's training program, including visual aids, text and graphics will be provided for use in
Customer's own training program. 

2. Flight Training . 
 
 Boeing will provide, if requested, one classroom course to acquaint up to 15 students with operational, systems and performance differences between Customer's newly-purchased Aircraft and an aircraft of the same model currently
operated by Customer. 
 
 Any training materials used in Flight Training, if required, will be provided for use in Customer's own training program. 

3. Planning Assistance . 

3.1 Maintenance and Ground Operations . 
 
 Upon request, Boeing will provide planning assistance regarding Minor Model Differences requirements for facilities, tools and equipment. 
 
 3.2 Spares . 
 
 Boeing will revise, as applicable, the customized Recommended Spares Parts List (RSPL) and Illustrated Parts Catalog (IPC). 

4. Technical Data and Documents . 
 
 Boeing will revise, as applicable, technical data and documents provided with previously delivered aircraft. 

ENGINE ESCALATION AND 
 ENGINE WARRANTY 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Supplemental Exhibit EE1 to Purchase Agreement Number 2333 

 ENGINE ESCALATION AND 
 ENGINE WARRANTY 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 757-324 AIRCRAFT 

1. ENGINE ESCALATION . 

 (a) The Aircraft Basic Price of each Aircraft set forth in Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement includes an aggregate price for Rolls-Royce plc RB211-535 series engines and all accessories, equipment and parts provided by the engine manufacturer. The
adjustment in Engine Price applicable to each Aircraft (Engine Price Adjustment) will be determined at the time of Aircraft delivery in accordance with the following formula: 

 P e = (P b + F) (L Q + M Q + E Q - P b 
 
 (b) The following definitions will apply herein: 

 P e = Engine Price Adjustment 

P b = Engine Base Price (per Aircraft), as set forth in Table 1 of the Purchase 
 Agreement. 

F = 0.005(N)(P b ), where N = the calendar year of scheduled Engine delivery, minus the year of the Base Year Dollars month shown in Table 1. For this calculation, Engine delivery is assumed to be the month of scheduled Aircraft delivery.

L Q , M Q and E Q are quotients obtained by dividing the index number shown in the actual data in accordance with the formula below. The index values utilized in each formula will be the arithmetic average (rounded to the
nearest thousandth for L Q and nearest hundredth for M Q and E Q of the numbers shown in the actual data for the 13 th , 12 th and 11 th month prior to the month of scheduled Aircraft delivery divided by the arithmetic
average (similarly rounded) of the numbers shown in the actual data for the 13 th , 12 th and 11 th month prior to the Base Year Dollars month set forth in Table 1. 

L Q = The Labor Index will be equal to 60 of the quotient obtained from "Hourly Earnings of Aircraft Engines and Engine Parts Production Workers" SIC 3724, and rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth. 

 M Q = The Materials Index will be equal to 30 of the quotient obtained from "Producer Price Index - Code 10, Metals and Metal Products", and rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth. 

 E Q = The Fuel Index will be equal to 10 of the quotient obtained from "Producer Price Index - Code 5, Fuels and Related Products and Power", and rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth. 

The Engine Price Adjustment will not be made if it would result in a decrease in the Engine Base Price. 

 (c) The values of the Average Hourly Earnings and Producer Price Indices used will be those published as of a date 30 days prior to the scheduled Aircraft delivery to Customer. Such values will be considered final and no Engine Price Adjustment
will be made after Aircraft delivery for any subsequent changes in published Index values. 

NOTE : The factor by which the Engine Base Price is to be multiplied will be expressed as a decimal and rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth. Any rounding of a number, as required under this Supplemental Exhibit EE1 with respect to
escalation of the Engine Price, will be accomplished as follows: if the first digit of the portion to be dropped from the number to be rounded is five or greater, the preceding digit will be raised to the next higher number. 

2. ENGINE WARRANTY AND PRODUCT SUPPORT PLAN . 

 Boeing has obtained from Rolls-Royce plc the right to extend to Customer the provisions of Rolls-Royce plc's Warranty Agreement, "RB211-535E4 Power Plant Warranty Agreement", reference RR/TBC ED, subject, however, to Customer's acceptance of the
conditions set forth therein. Accordingly, Boeing hereby extends to Customer, and Customer hereby accepts that the provisions of such Warranty Agreement shall apply to Power Plants installed in the Aircraft at the time of delivery, provided that Customer
may, by notice given to Boeing and Rolls-Royce plc prior to the delivery of the Aircraft, elect to substitute for such Warranty Agreement any corresponding warranty included either in a General Terms Agreement currently effective between Customer and
Rolls-Royce plc or in a contract for the sale by Rolls-Royce plc to Customer of Power Plants. In consideration for such extension, Customer hereby releases and discharges Boeing from any and all claims, obligations and liabilities whatsoever arising out
of the purchase or use of said installed Power Plants and releases and discharges Rolls-Royce plc from any and all claims, obligations and liabilities whatsoever arising out of the purchase or use of said installed Power Plants except as expressly assumed
by Rolls-Royce plc in such Warranty Agreement or Purchase Contract referenced RR/CAL/DEG 2124 dated December 7, 1993 between Customer and Rolls-Royce plc. 

 Copies of this Warranty Agreement may be obtained directly from Rolls-Royce plc. 
 
 SERVICE LIFE POLICY COMPONENTS 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

Supplemental Exhibit SLP1 to Purchase Agreement Number 2333 

 COVERED SERVICE LIFE COMPONENTS 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 757 AIRCRAFT 

This is the listing of SLP Components for the Aircraft which relate to Part 3, Boeing Service Life Policy of Exhibit C, Product Assurance Document to the AGTA and is a part of Purchase Agreement No. 2333. 

1. Wing . 

 (a) Upper and lower skins and stiffeners between the forward and rear wing spars. 

 (b) Wing spar webs, chords, and stiffeners. 

 (c) Inspar wing ribs. 

 (d) Inspar splice plates and fittings. 

 (e) Main landing gear support structure. 

 (f) Wing center section lower beams, spanwise beams and floor beams, but not the seat tracks attached to the beams. 

 (g) Wing-to-body structural attachments. 

 (h) Engine strut support fittings attached directly to wing primary structure. 

 (i) Support structure in the wing for spoilers and spoiler actuators; for aileron hinges and reaction links; and for leading edge devices and trailing edge flaps. 

 (j) Trailing edge flap tracks and carriages. 

 (k) Aileron leading edge device and trailing edge flap internal, fixed attachment and actuator support structure. 

 2. Body . 

 (a) External surface skins and doublers, longitudinal stiffeners, longerons and circumferential rings and frames between the forward pressure bulkhead and the vertical stabilizer rear spar bulkhead, and structural support and enclosure for the
APU but excluding all system components and related installation and connecting devices, insulation, lining, and decorative panels and related installation and connecting devices. 

 (b) Window and windshield structure but excluding the windows and windshields. 

 (c) Fixed attachment structure of the passenger doors, cargo doors and emergency exits, excluding door mechanisms and movable hinge components. Sills and frames around the body openings for the passenger doors, cargo doors and emergency exits,
excluding scuff plates and pressure seals. 

 (d) Nose wheel well structure, including the wheel well walls, pressure deck, forward and aft bulkheads, and the gear support structure. 

 (e) Main gear wheel well structure including pressure deck, bulkheads and landing gear beam support structure. 

 (f) Floor beams and support posts in the control cab and passenger cabin area, but excluding seat tracks. 

 (g) Forward and aft pressure bulkheads. 

 (h) Keel structure between the wing front spar bulkhead and the main gear wheel well aft bulkhead, including splices. 

 (i) Wing front and rear spar support bulkheads, and vertical and horizontal stabilizer front and rear spar support bulkheads including terminal fittings but excluding all system components and related installation and connecting devices,
insulation, lining, decorative panels, and related installation and connecting devices. 

 (j) Support structure in the body for the stabilizer pivot and stabilizer screw. 

 3. Vertical Stabilizer . 

 (a) External skins between front and rear spars. 

 (b) Front, rear and auxiliary spar chords, webs, and stiffeners, and attachment fittings between vertical stabilizer and body. 

 (c) Inspar ribs. 

 (d) Support structure in the vertical stabilizer for rudder hinges, reaction links and actuator. 

 (e) Rudder internal, fixed attachment and actuator support structure. 

 (f) Rudder hinges and supporting ribs, excluding bearings. 

 4. Horizontal Stabilizer . 

 (a) External skins between front and rear spars. 

 (b) Front, rear and auxiliary spar chords, webs, and stiffeners. 

 (c) Inspar ribs. 

 (d) Stabilizer center splice fittings, pivot and screw support structure. 

 (e) Support structure in the horizontal stabilizer for the elevator hinges, reaction links and actuators. 

 (f) Elevator internal, fixed attachment and actuator support structure. 

 5. Engine Strut . 

 (a) Strut external surface skin and doublers and stiffeners. 

 (b) Internal strut chords, frames and bulkheads. 

 (c) Strut to wing fittings and diagonal brace. 

 (d) Engine mount support fittings attached directly to strut structure. 

 (e) For Aircraft equipped with Pratt Whitney engines only, the engine mounted support fittings. 

 6. Main Landing Gear . 

 (a) Outer cylinder. 

 (b) Inner cylinder. 

 (c) Upper and lower side struts, including spindles and universals. 

 (d) Drag strut. 

 (e) Side strut reaction link. 

 (f) Side strut support link. 

 (g) Downlock links including spindles and universals. 

 (h) Orifice plate. 

 (i) Trunnion link. 

 (j) Truck beam. 

 (k) Axles. 

 (l) Torsion links. 

 (m) Stabilizer link. 

 7. Nose Landing Gear . 

 (a) Outer cylinder. 

 (b) Inner cylinder. 

 (c) Upper and lower drag strut, including lock links. 

 (d) Axles. 

 (e) Torsion links. 

 (f) Steering plates and steering collar. 

 (g) Orifice plate. 

NOTE : The Service Life Policy does not cover any bearings, bolts, bushings, clamps, brackets, actuating mechanisms or latching mechanisms used in or on the SLP Components. 

December 29, 2000 
 2333-03 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, TX 77002 

Subject: Demonstration Flight Waiver 

 Reference: Purchase Agreement No. 2333 (the Purchase Agreement) between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. (Customer) relating to Model 757-324 aircraft (the Aircraft) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

 This Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 

 Definition of Terms: 
 
 Correction Costs : Customer's or a third party's direct labor costs and the cost of any material required to correct a Flight Discrepancy where direct labor costs are equal to the warranty labor rate in effect between the parties at the time
such labor is expended. 

 Flight Discrepancy : A failure or malfunction of an Aircraft, or the accessories, equipment or parts installed on the Aircraft which results from a defect in the Aircraft, Boeing Product, engine or Supplier Product or a nonconformance to the
Detail Specification for the Aircraft. 

The AGTA provides that each aircraft will be test flown prior to delivery for the purpose of demonstrating the functioning of such Aircraft and its equipment to Customer; however, Customer may elect to waive this test flight. For each test flight
waived, Boeing agrees to provide Customer an amount of jet fuel at delivery that, including the standard fuel entitlement, totals the following amount of fuel: 

Aircraft Model 
 
 Total Fuel Entitlement 
(U.S. Gallons) 

757 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COM- 
 MISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST 
 FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Further, Boeing agrees to reimburse Customer for any Correction Costs incurred as a result of the discovery of a Flight Discrepancy during the first flight of the aircraft by Customer following delivery to the extent such Correction Costs are not
covered under a warranty provided by Boeing, the engine manufacturer or any of Boeing's suppliers. 

 Should a Flight Discrepancy be detected by Customer which requires the return of the Aircraft to Boeing's facilities at Seattle, Washington, so that Boeing may correct such Flight Discrepancy, Boeing and Customer agree that title to and risk of loss
of such Aircraft will remain with Customer. Any such correction by Boeing shall be at no cost to Customer. In addition, it is agreed that Boeing will have responsibility for the Aircraft while it is on the ground at Boeing's facilities in Seattle,
Washington, as is chargeable by law to a bailee for mutual benefit, but Boeing shall not be chargeable for loss of use. 

To be reimbursed for Correction Costs, Customer shall submit a written itemized statement describing any flight discrepancies and indicating the Correction Cost incurred by Customer for each discrepancy. This request must be submitted to Boeing's
Contracts Regional Director at Renton, Washington, within ninety (90) days after the first flight by Customer. 

Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: December 29, 2000 

 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 
 December 29, 2000 
 2333-04 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, TX 77002 

Subject: Option Aircraft 

Reference: Purchase Agreement 2333 (the Purchase Agreement) between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. (Customer) relating to Model 757-324 aircraft (the Aircraft) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This Letter Agreement amends the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 

 Boeing agrees to manufacture and sell to Customer additional Model 757-324 aircraft as Option Aircraft . The delivery months, number of aircraft, Advance Payment Base Price per aircraft and advance payment schedule are listed in the Attachment
to this Letter Agreement (the Attachment). 

 1. Aircraft Description and Changes 
 
 1.1 Aircraft Description : The Option Aircraft are described by the Detail Specification listed in the Attachment. 

 1.2 Changes : The Detail Specification will be revised to include: 

(i) Changes applicable to the basic Model 757 aircraft which are developed by Boeing between the date of the Detail Specification and the signing of the definitive agreement to purchase the Option Aircraft; 
 (ii) Changes required to obtain required regulatory certificates; and 
 (iii) Changes mutually agreed upon. 

2. Price 
 
 2.1 The pricing elements of the Option Aircraft are listed in the Attachment. 

 2.2 Price Adjustments . 

 2.2.1 Optional Features . The Optional Features Prices selected for the Option Aircraft will be adjusted to Boeing's current prices as of the date of execution of the definitive agreement for the Option Aircraft. 

 2.2.2 Escalation Adjustments . The Airframe Price and the Optional Features Prices for Option Aircraft delivering before January, 2006, will be escalated on the same basis as the Aircraft, and will be adjusted to Boeing's
then-current escalation provisions as of the date of execution of the definitive agreement for the Option Aircraft. 

 The engine manufacturer's current escalation provisions, listed in Exhibit Supplement EE1 to the Purchase Agreement have been estimated to the months of scheduled delivery using commercial forecasts to calculate the Advance Payment Base Price listed
in the Attachment to this Letter Agreement. The engine escalation provisions will be revised if they are changed by the engine manufacturer prior to the signing of a definitive agreement for the Option Aircraft. 

 2.2.3 Base Price Adjustments . The Airframe Price and the Engine Price of the Option Aircraft delivering before January, 2006, will be adjusted to Boeing's and the engine manufacturer's then current prices as of the date of execution
of the definitive agreement for the Option Aircraft. 

 2.2.4 Prices for Long Lead Time Aircraft . Boeing and the engine manufacturer have not established prices and escalation provisions for Model 757-324 aircraft and engines for delivery in the year 2006 and after. When prices and the
pricing bases are established for the Model 757-324 aircraft delivering in the year 2006 and after, the information listed in the Attachment will be appropriately amended. 

 3. Payment . 

 3.1 Customer will pay a deposit to Boeing in the amount shown in the Attachment for each Option Aircraft (Option Deposit), on the date of this Letter Agreement. If Customer exercises an option, the Option Deposit will be credited against the
first advance payment due. If Customer does not exercise an option, Boeing will retain the Option Deposit for that Option Aircraft. 

3.2 Following option exercise, advance payments in the amounts and at the times listed in the Attachment will be payable for the Option Aircraft. The remainder of the Aircraft Price for the Option Aircraft will be paid at the time of delivery.

4. Option Exercise . 

 Customer may exercise an option by giving written notice to Boeing on or before the date [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
months prior to the first business day of the applicable delivery month listed in the Attachment (Option Exercise Date). 

 5. Contract Terms . 

 Boeing and Customer will use their best efforts to reach a definitive agreement for the purchase of an Option Aircraft, including the terms and conditions contained in this Letter Agreement, in the Purchase Agreement, and other terms and
conditions as may be agreed upon to add the Option Aircraft to the Purchase Agreement as an Aircraft. In the event the parties have not entered into a definitive agreement within 30 days following option exercise, either party may terminate the purchase
of such Option Aircraft by giving written notice to the other within 5 days. [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

 By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: December 29, 2000 

 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

 By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 
 
 Attachment 
 Attachment to 
 Letter Agreement No. 2333-04 
 Option Aircraft 
 Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

Airframe Model/MTGW: 757-300 260,000 
 
 Engine Model: RB211-535E4-B 
 
 Detail Specification: D019N003 (5/16/2000) 
 
 Price Base Year: Jul-99 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 December 29, 2000 
 2333-05 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, TX 77002 

Subject: Rolls-Royce Engine Price Adjustment 

Reference: Purchase Agreement No. 2333 (the Purchase Agreement) between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. (Customer) relating to Model 757-324 aircraft (the Aircraft) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

 This Letter Agreement is entered into on the date below, and amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 

 1. It is understood by the parties that the Aircraft Basic Price of each Aircraft includes an aggregate price for Rolls-Royce Model RB211-535E4-B engines of [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] , expressed in July 1999 dollars. Such price may be adjusted by Rolls-Royce to reflect any change incorporated in such engines in order to satisfy any new rules or regulations, or changes or amendments to the existing rules or regulations, issued by
the FAA, or other applicable U.S. Federal Agency, after June 29, 1998 (Engine Modification). 

 2. Within 20 working days after the execution of the Purchase Agreement, Boeing will place a purchase order with Rolls-Royce for the engines to be installed on the Aircraft. The engine price adjustment specified in paragraph 1 shall not apply
to any engines scheduled for delivery to Boeing less than twenty-four (24) months after the later of: 

 (i) the date of such purchase order between Boeing and 
Rolls-Royce, or 

 (ii) the date of Rolls-Royce notification to Boeing of such engine price adjustment. 

3. The parties agree that, notwithstanding the provisions of Article 3 of the AGTA, if an Engine Modification is incorporated by Rolls-Royce on engines installed on any of the Aircraft: 

(i) Boeing will adjust the Purchase Price of any such Aircraft by the amount that Rolls-Royce adjusts the price of such engines to Boeing, as provided in paragraph 1 above, and for the cost to accomplish any necessary change, modification or
alteration to the Aircraft (Aircraft Modification) on which the engines are installed; 

 (ii) notwithstanding the provisions of Article 2 of the Purchase Agreement and Article 7 of the AGTA, the time of delivery of such Aircraft will be extended to reflect any delay attributable to the Engine Modification or Aircraft Modification and
this delay will be deemed an Excusable Delay under the provisions of the Agreement; and 

 (iii) Boeing will, if necessary, revise the applicable Aircraft Detail Specification as required to reflect the effects of any Engine Modification or Aircraft Modification. 

Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: December 29, 2000 

 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 
 
 December 29, 2000 
 2333-06 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, TX 77002 

Subject: Customer Directed Seller Purchased Equipment 
 and Seller Purchased Equipment 

 Reference: Purchase Agreement No. 2333 (the Purchase Agreement) between 
 The Boeing Company (Boeing) and (Customer) relating to 
 Model 757-324 aircraft (the Aircraft) 

 Ladies and Gentlemen: 

 This Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 

 Definition of Terms : 

 Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) is Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) that Boeing purchases for Customer. 

 Customer Directed Seller Purchased Equipment (CDSPE) is SPE for which Customer is to solicit proposals from suppliers, select the supplier, and negotiate commercial terms. 

 References to SPE in this Letter Agreement will be inclusive of CDSPE unless otherwise specified. 

 Developmental Buyer Furnished Equipment (DBFE) is BFE not previously certified for installation on the same model aircraft. This Letter Agreement does not include developmental avionics. 

1. Price . 
 
 Advance Payments . An estimated SPE price will be included in the Advance Payment Base Price for the purpose of establishing the advance payments for the Aircraft. The estimated price of this SPE for each of the Aircraft is 
[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 

 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 2. Responsibilities. 

2.1. Customer is responsible for: 

(i) selecting the supplier on or before: 

for galleys - Completed 

(ii) selecting a FAA certifiable part; 

(iii) providing to Boeing the SPE part specification/Customer requirements; 

 (iv) providing notice to CDSPE suppliers that the standard Boeing purchase order terms and and conditions, commodity specific requirements and technical documents will apply; 

 (v) advising CDSPE suppliers to provide part number pricing and work-statement information, as agreed to between supplier and Customer, to Boeing at the Galley Initial Technical Coordination Meeting; or earlier if selected supplier requires
purchase order prior to this meeting; 

 (vi) obtaining the supplier's warranty and agreement to provide customer support commitments for the CDSPE in accordance with paragraphs 3.6 of Exhibit A of the AGTA. CDSPE is deemed BFE for purposes of Part 2
and Part 4 of Exhibit C, the Product Assurance Document of the AGTA ; and 

 (vii) provide CDSPE suppliers with the latest configuration specifications agreed to between Customer and Boeing. 

2.2. Boeing is responsible for: 

(i) placing and managing the purchase order with the supplier; 

 (ii) coordinating with the suppliers on technical issues; 

 (iii) ensuring that the delivered SPE complies with the part specification; 

 (iv) obtaining certification of the Aircraft with the SPE installed; and 

 (v) for SPE other than CDSPE, obtaining for Customer the supplier's standard warranty for the SPE. SPE is deemed to be BFE for purposes of Part 2 and Part 4 of Exhibit C, the Product Assurance Document of the AGTA
 . 

3. Supplier / Equipment Selection. 
 
 In addition to those responsibilities described above, for galleys, the following provisions apply with respect to Customer's selection of suppliers: (Note: Galleys are considered CDSPE) 
 
 Galley Requirements . Customer has provided Boeing the definitive galley configuration requirements. 

 Boeing has submitted to Customer a list of offerable suppliers. 
 
 If Customer does not select their supplier by the above date (paragraph 2.1.i), or if Customer selects a supplier that is not on the Boeing Bidder's list, such galley will become BFE and the provisions of Exhibit A, Buyer Furnished Equipment
Provisions Document, of the AGTA will apply. 
 
 Boeing shall retain the right to approve Customer's selected supplier's and/or part numbers, for each item of SPE. 

 4. Changes. 
 
 After this Letter Agreement is signed, changes to SPE may only be made by and between Boeing and the suppliers. Customer's contacts with SPE suppliers relating to design (including selection of materials and colors), weights, prices or
schedules are for informational purposes only. If Customer wants any changes made, requests must be made directly to Boeing for coordination with the supplier. 

5. Proprietary Rights . 
 
 Boeing's obligation to purchase SPE will not impose upon Boeing any obligation to compensate Customer or any supplier for any proprietary rights Customer may have in the design of the SPE. 

6. Remedies . 

 If Customer does not comply with the obligations above, or if Customer's selected supplier is unable to deliver an FAA certifiable part(s) to Boeing in accordance with Boeing's on-dock requirements, or does not provide the necessary data or
drawings in a timely manner to permit Boeing to obtain FAA approval of the Aircraft with the SPE installed then Boeing may: 
 
 (i) delay delivery of the Aircraft; 

 (ii) deliver the Aircraft without installing the SPE; or 

(iii) substitute a comparable part and invoice Customer for the cost. 

7. Customer's Indemnification of Boeing. 
 
 Customer will indemnify and hold harmless Boeing from and against all claims and liabilities, including costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) incident thereto or incident to successfully establishing the right to indemnification, for
injury to or death of any person or persons, including employees of Customer but not employees of Boeing, or for loss of or damage to any property, including Aircraft, arising out of or in any way connected with any nonconformance or defect in any SPE and
whether or not arising in tort or occasioned in whole or in part by the negligence of Boeing. This indemnity will not apply with respect to any nonconformance or defect caused solely by Boeing's installation of the SPE. 

 Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: December 29, 2000 

 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 

December 29, 2000 
 2333-07 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, TX 77002 

Subject: Flight Crew Training Spare Parts Support 

Reference: Purchase Agreement No. 2333 (the Purchase Agreement) between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. (Customer) relating to Model 757-324 aircraft (the Aircraft) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

 This Letter Agreement is entered into on the date below, and amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 

 Definition of Terms: 
 
 Flight Crew Training : Flight training conducted by Boeing and occurring immediately following delivery of the Aircraft. 

 Removed Parts : Parts removed from an Aircraft during Flight Crew Training. 

 Replacement Parts : Parts taken from Boeing inventory and installed in an Aircraft because no Standby Parts are available. 

 Standby Parts : Parts which are owned by Customer and located at Customer's designated storage area at Boeing to support Flight Crew Training. 

 Training Aircraft : The Aircraft delivered to Customer and used for Flight Crew Training. 

1. Provisioning of Spare Parts. 
 
 To support Flight Crew Training, Boeing agrees to provide normal line maintenance and expendable spare parts at no charge on the Training Aircraft; and, Customer agrees to provide Standby Parts for the Training Aircraft. The Standby Parts list,
including part numbers, exact quantities and on-dock dates, will be established during the provisioning meeting. 

 If parts other than those discussed above fail on the Training Aircraft during Flight Crew Training, Boeing will attempt to provide Replacement Parts for those failed parts. If Boeing is unable to provide Replacement Parts, Customer will be
responsible for providing those parts. 

 2. Disposition of Removed Parts. 
 
 With respect to Removed Parts, Boeing may with Customer consent: 

 (i) repair such Removed Parts, at no charge to Customer, and either retain such parts as Standby Parts or return the Removed Parts to Customer, at Customer expense; 
 
 (ii) return the Removed Parts to Customer at Customer's expense; or 
 
 (iii) return the Removed Parts to the manufacturer for repair or replacement under such manufacturer's warranty. Upon Boeing's receipt of the repaired Removed Parts or their replacements, Boeing may retain such Removed Parts or their replacements
as Standby Parts or return such Removed Parts or their replacements to Customer, at Customer's expense. 

 Any Removed Parts returned to Customer, or replacements, will be accomplished in accordance with any written instructions from Customer received by Boeing prior to such return. 

 3. Payment of Replacement Parts. 
 
 Boeing will invoice Customer for Replacement Parts at Boeing's standard price for such part. 

4. Redelivery of Standby Parts. 
 
 Standby Parts not installed in the Training Aircraft will be redelivered to Customer on board the last aircraft used for Flight Crew Training. 

 5. Non-performance by Customer. 
 
 If Customer's non-performance of obligations in this Letter Agreement causes a delay in the Flight Crew Training, Customer will be deemed to have agreed to any such delay in Flight Crew Training. In addition, Boeing will have the right to: 

(i) purchase Standby Parts and invoice Customer for the price of such parts and for any necessary adjustment and calibration of such parts; 
 
 (ii) cancel or reschedule the Flight Crew Training; or 

 (iii) invoice Customer for any expenses, including but not limited to ground handling expenses, maintenance costs and storage costs, that are directly attributable to the delay in the Flight Crew Training. 

6. Customer Warranty. 
 
 Customer warrants that the Standby Parts will meet the requirements of the Detail Specification and be in a condition to pass Boeing's receiving inspection and functional test, and if not in a new condition, will have an attached FAA Serviceable Parts
Tag. 

 7. Title and Risk of Loss. 
 
 Title to and risk of loss of any Standby Parts or Removed Parts will remain with Customer. Boeing will have only such liability for Standby Parts and Removed Parts as a bailee for mutual benefit would have, but will not be liable for loss of use.
For Replacement Parts, title will transfer to Customer at the time such part is installed on the Training Aircraft. 

Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: December 29, 2000 

 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 

December 29, 2000 
 2333-08 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, TX 77002 

Subject: Spares Initial Provisioning 

Reference: Purchase Agreement No. 2333 (the Purchase Agreement) between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. (Customer) relating to Model 757-324 aircraft (the Aircraft) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

 This Letter Agreement is entered into on the date below, and amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 

 1. Applicability . 

 This Letter Agreement will apply to initial provisioning for the Model 757-324 Aircraft purchased by Customer under the Purchase Agreement. 

 2. Initial Provisioning Meeting . 

 Boeing will conduct an initial provisioning meeting (Initial Provisioning Meeting) with Customer to establish mutually agreeable procedures to accomplish Customer's initial provisioning of spare parts for the Aircraft. The parties will agree,
during the Initial Provisioning Meeting on the operational data to be provided by Customer for Boeing's use in preparing its quantity recommendations for initial provisioning of spare parts for the Aircraft, exclusive of special tools, ground support
equipment, engines and engine parts (Provisioning Items). Such operational data to be provided by Customer will be the data described in Chapter 6 of Boeing Manual D6-81834, entitled "Spares Provisioning Products Guide" (Boeing Spares Provisioning
Products Guide) which will be furnished to Customer prior to the Initial Provisioning Meeting. The parties will also agree on the provisioning documentation to be provided by Boeing as described in Boeing Spares Provisioning Products Guide (such data
will be hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Provisioning Data"). Boeing will provide instruction in the use of the initial provisioning documentation. This instruction will be provided in conjunction with the Initial Provisioning Meeting. In
addition, the parties will discuss spares ordering procedures and other matters related to the provisioning for the Aircraft. The time and location for such Initial Provisioning Meeting will be mutually agreed upon between the parties; however, Boeing
and Customer will use their best efforts to convene such meeting within 30 days after execution of the Purchase Agreement. 

 3. Initial Provisioning Documentation . 

 3.1 Provisioning Data . Boeing will furnish Provisioning Data to Customer on or about April 2001. The Provisioning Data will be as complete as possible and will cover Provisioning Items selected by Boeing for review by Customer for
initial provisioning for the Aircraft. The Provisioning Data will set forth the prices for Provisioning Items which are Boeing Spare Parts and such prices will be firm and remain in effect until the date or dates set forth below in Paragraph 4.1, Boeing Spare Parts , by which orders must be placed with Boeing. Boeing will, from time to time, until a date approximately 90 days following delivery of the last Aircraft or until the delivery configuration of each of the Aircraft is reflected in
the Provisioning Data, whichever is later, furnish to Customer revisions to the Provisioning Data. 

 3.2 Provisioning IPC . Boeing will, on or about February 2001, furnish to Customer a Boeing Illustrated Parts Catalog (IPC), hereinafter referred to as the "Provisioning IPC". The Provisioning IPC will be as complete as possible and
will cover Provisioning Items selected by Boeing for review by Customer for initial provisioning for the Aircraft. Boeing will, from time to time, until a date approximately 90 days following delivery of the last Aircraft, or until the delivery
configuration of each of the Aircraft is reflected in the Provisioning IPC, whichever is later, furnish to Customer revisions to the Provisioning IPC. 

3.3 Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Provisioning Data . 

3.3.1 Boeing's Responsibility . Boeing will include BFE end items in the Provisioning Data and Provisioning IPC for BFE installed on Customer's Aircraft provided such equipment has been installed on other Aircraft by Boeing and
Boeing has data on the BFE. 

 3.3.2 Customer's Responsibility . Customer will be responsible for ensuring BFE data is provided to Boeing by the BFE supplier in a format reasonably acceptable to Boeing for BFE not covered by 3.3.1 above. If the data is not
provided to Boeing in a timely manner and in a format reasonably acceptable to Boeing, such BFE equipment will not be included in Boeing's Provisioning Data or IPC. 

 3.4 Other Data . Boeing will submit to Customer listings of raw materials, standard parts and bulk materials to be used by Customer in the maintenance and repair of the Aircraft. 

4. Purchase from Boeing of Spare Parts as Initial Provisioning for the Aircraft . 

4.1 Boeing Spare Parts . Customer will place orders for Provisioning Items by June 2001; provided, however, that in those instances where Boeing submits any revision to the Provisioning Data, Customer will place orders for Boeing Spare
Parts covered by such revision within 60 days following the date of such submittal. At Customer's request, Boeing will process "controlled shipments" by shipping full or partial quantities of an order on a schedule specified by Customer, provided the
final shipment is made no later than 24 months after receipt of the order. 

 4.2 Supplier Provisioning Items . Customer may place orders with Boeing for Provisioning Items which are manufactured by suppliers or to their detailed design and are covered by the Provisioning Data as initial provisioning for the
Aircraft. The price to Customer for any such supplier Provisioning Item will be [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] of the supplier's quoted price to Boeing therefor. If Customer elects to purchase such supplier
Provisioning Items from Boeing, Customer will place its orders therefor in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 4.1, Boeing Spare Parts . 

 4.3 Ground Support Equipment and Special Tools . Customer may place orders with Boeing for ground support equipment (GSE) and special tools manufactured by suppliers which Customer determines it will initially require for maintenance,
overhaul and servicing of the Aircraft and/or engines. The price to Customer for such GSE or special tools will be [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] of the supplier's quoted price to Boeing therefor. If Customer elects to purchase such GSE and
special tools from Boeing, Customer will place its orders therefor by the date set forth in Paragraph 4.1, Boeing Spare Parts or such later date as the parties may mutually agree. 

 4.4 Spare Engines and Engine Spare Parts . Customer may place orders with Boeing for spare engines and/or engine spare parts which Customer determines it will initially require for support of the Aircraft or for maintenance and overhaul
of the engines. The price to Customer for such spare engines or such engine spare parts, will be [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] of the engine manufacturer's quoted price to Boeing for the engine, and [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL
OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] of the engine manufacturer's quoted price to Boeing for the engine spare parts. If Customer elects to purchase such spare engines or engine spare parts through Boeing, Customer will place its orders on a date to be mutually agreed upon during the
Initial Provisioning Meeting. 

 4.5 QEC Kits . Boeing will, on or about February 2001, furnish to Customer a listing of all components which could be included in the Quick Engine Change (QEC) kits which may be purchased by Customer from Boeing. Customer agrees to
review such listing and indicate by marking on one copy of such listing those components that Customer desires included in its QEC kits. Customer will return such marked copy to Boeing within 30 days after Customer's receipt of such listing. Within 30
days after Boeing's receipt of such marked copy, Boeing will republish such listing to reflect only those components selected by Customer and will provide copies of such republished listing to Customer. Boeing will from time to time furnish revisions to
such republished listing until a date approximately 90 days after delivery of the last QEC kit ordered by Customer for the Aircraft. Boeing will furnish to Customer as soon as practicable a statement setting forth a firm price for the QEC kit
configuration selected by Customer. Customer agrees to make best efforts to place orders with Boeing for the QEC kits for the Aircraft by April 2001. 

 4.6 Payment for Provisioning Items . The payment provisions of the Customer Services General Terms Agreement (CSGTA) between Boeing and Customer will be applicable to Provisioning Items ordered by Customer from Boeing for the Aircraft. 

5. Delivery . 

 Boeing will make best effort to deliver to Customer the Spare Parts ordered by Customer in accordance with the provisions of this letter on dates reasonably calculated to conform to Customer's anticipated needs in view of the scheduled deliveries
of the Aircraft. Customer and Boeing will agree upon the date to begin delivery of the Provisioning Spare Parts ordered in accordance with this letter. Where appropriate, Boeing will arrange for shipment of such Spare Parts, which are manufactured by
suppliers, directly to Customer from the applicable supplier's facility. The routing and method of shipment for initial deliveries and all subsequent deliveries of such Spare Parts will be as mutually agreed between Boeing and Customer. 

 6. Substitution for Obsolete Spare Parts . 

 6.1 Obligation to Substitute . In the event that, prior to delivery of the first Aircraft pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, any Spare Part purchased by Customer from Boeing in accordance with this letter is rendered obsolete or
unusable due to the redesign of the Aircraft or of any accessory, equipment or part therefor, (other than a redesign at Customer's request), Boeing will deliver to Customer new and usable Spare Parts in substitution for such obsolete or unusable Spare
Parts and Customer will return the obsolete or unusable Spare Parts to Boeing. Boeing will credit Customer's account with Boeing with the price paid by Customer for any such obsolete or unusable Spare Part and will invoice Customer for the purchase price
of any such substitute Spare Part delivered to Customer. 

 6.2 Delivery of Obsolete Spare Parts and Substitutes Therefor . Obsolete or unusable Spare Parts returned by Customer pursuant to this Item will be delivered to Boeing at its Seattle Distribution Center, or such other destination as
Boeing may reasonably designate upon confirmation of replacement part if applicable. Spare Parts substituted for such returned obsolete or unusable Spare Parts will be delivered to Customer at Boeing's Seattle Distribution Center, or such other Boeing
shipping point as Boeing may reasonably designate. Boeing will pay the freight charges for the shipment from Customer to Boeing of any such obsolete or unusable Spare Part and for the shipment from Boeing to Customer of any such substitute Spare Part. 

 7. Repurchase of Provisioning Items . 
 
 7.1 Obligation to Repurchase Peculiar Provisioning Items . During a period commencing 1 year after delivery of the first Aircraft under the Purchase Agreement, and ending 5 years after such delivery, Boeing will, upon receipt of
Customer's written request and subject to the exceptions in Paragraph 7.2, Exceptions , repurchase unused and undamaged Provisioning Items which (i) were recommended by Boeing in the Provisioning Data as initial provisioning for the Aircraft, (ii) were purchased by Customer from Boeing, and (iii) are surplus to Customer's
needs. 

 7.2 Exceptions . Boeing will not be obligated under Paragraph 7.1, Obligation to Repurchase , to repurchase any of the following: (i) quantities of Provisioning Items in excess of those quantities recommended by Boeing in the
Provisioning Data for the Aircraft, (ii) QEC kits, bulk material kits, raw material kits, service bulletin kits, standards kits and components thereof (except those components listed separately in the Provisioning Data), (iii) Provisioning Items for which
an order was received by Boeing more than 8 months after delivery of the last Aircraft, (iv) Provisioning Items which have become obsolete or have been replaced by other Provisioning Items as a result of (a) Customer's modification of the Aircraft or (b)
design improvements by Boeing or the supplier (other than Provisioning Items which have become obsolete because of a defect in design if such defect has not been remedied by an offer by Boeing or the supplier to provide no charge retrofit kits or
replacement parts which correct such defect), and (v) Provisioning Items which become excess as a result of a change in Customer's operating parameters, provided to Boeing pursuant to the Initial Provisioning meeting in Paragraph 2, which were the
basis of Boeing's initial provisioning recommendations for the Aircraft. 

 7.3 Notification and Format . Customer will notify Boeing, in writing, when Customer desires to return Provisioning Items which Customer's review indicates are eligible for repurchase by Boeing under the provisions of this Repurchase of
Provisioning Items paragraph. Customer's notification will include a detailed summary, in part number sequence, of the Provisioning Items Customer desires to return. Such summary will be in the form of listings, tapes, diskettes or other media as may be
mutually agreed between Boeing and Customer, and will include part number, nomenclature, purchase order number, purchase order date and quantity to be returned. Within 5 business days after receipt of Customer's notification, Boeing will advise Customer,
in writing, when Boeing's review of such summary will be completed, but in no case will the Boeing review be completed more than 30 days after receipt of Customer's notification. 

 7.4 Review and Acceptance by Boeing . Upon completion of Boeing's review of any detailed summary submitted by Customer pursuant to Paragraph 7.3, Boeing will issue to Customer a Material Return Authorization (MRA) for those
Provisioning Items Boeing agrees are eligible for repurchase in accordance with this Repurchase of Provisioning Items paragraph. Boeing will advise Customer of the reason that any spare part included in Customer's detailed summary is not eligible for
return. Boeing's MRA will state the date by which Provisioning Items listed in the MRA must be redelivered to Boeing and Customer will arrange for shipment of such Provisioning Items accordingly. 

 7.5 Price and Payment . The price of each Provisioning Item repurchased by Boeing pursuant to this Repurchase of Provisioning Items paragraph will be an amount equal to 100 of the original invoice price thereof. In the case of
Provisioning Items manufactured by a supplier which were purchased pursuant to Paragraph 4, Purchase from Boeing of Spare Parts as Initial Provisioning for the Aircraft , hereof the repurchase price will not include Boeing's 12 handling charge. Boeing will pay the repurchase price by issuing a credit memorandum in favor of Customer which
may be applied against amounts due Boeing for the purchase of aircraft, Spare Parts, services or data. 

 7.6 Delivery of Provisioning Items . Provisioning Items repurchased by Boeing pursuant to this Repurchase of Provisioning Items paragraph will be delivered to Boeing F.O.B. at its Seattle Distribution Center, or such other destination as
Boeing may reasonably designate. [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

8. Obsolete Spare Parts and Surplus Provisioning Items - Title and Risk of Loss . 

Title to and risk of loss of any obsolete or unusable Spare Parts returned to Boeing pursuant to Paragraph 6, Substitution for Obsolete Spare Parts , will pass to Boeing upon delivery thereof to Boeing. Title to and risk of loss of any
Spare Part substituted for an obsolete or unusable Spare Part pursuant to Paragraph 6, Substitution for Obsolete Spare Parts , will pass to Customer upon delivery thereof to Customer. Title to and risk of loss of any Provisioning Item repurchased by Boeing pursuant to Paragraph 7, Repurchase of Provisioning Items , will
pass to Boeing upon delivery thereof to Boeing. With respect to the obsolete or unusable Spare Parts which may be returned to Boeing and the Spare Parts substituted therefor, pursuant to Paragraph 6, and the Provisioning Items which may be
repurchased by Boeing, pursuant to Paragraph 7, the party which has risk of loss of any such Spare Part or Provisioning Item will have the responsibility of providing any insurance coverage for it desired by such party. 

 9. Supplier Support . 

 Boeing has entered, or anticipates entering, into product support agreements with suppliers (Boeing Suppliers) of major system components manufactured by such suppliers to be installed on the Aircraft (Supplier Components). Such product support
agreements commit, or are expected to commit, the Boeing Suppliers to provide to Boeing's customers and/or such customer's designees support services with respect to the Supplier Components which can be reasonably expected to be required during the course
of normal operation. This support includes but is not limited to shelf-stock of certain spare parts, emergency spare parts, timely delivery of spare parts, and technical data related to the Supplier Components. Copies of such product support agreements
will be provided to Customer on or about April 2001 in Boeing Document D6-56115, Volumes 1 and 2. In the event Customer has used due diligence in attempting to resolve any difficulty arising in normal business transactions between Customer and a Boeing
Supplier with respect to product support for a Supplier Component manufactured by such supplier and if such difficulty remains unresolved, Boeing will, if requested by Customer, assist Customer in resolving such difficulty. Assistance will be provided by
the Customer Supplier Services organization. 

10. Termination for Excusable Delay . 

In the event of termination of the Purchase Agreement with respect to any Aircraft pursuant to Article 7 of the AGTA, such termination will, if Customer so requests by written notice received by Boeing within 15 days after such termination, also
discharge and terminate all obligations and liabilities of the parties as to any Spare Parts which Customer had ordered pursuant to the provisions of this letter as initial provisioning for such Aircraft and which are undelivered on the date Boeing
receives such written notice. 

Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: December 29, 2000 

 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 

 December 29, 2000 
 6-1162-JMG-0318 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, TX 77002 

Subject: Aircraft Performance Guarantees 

Reference: Purchase Agreement No. 2333 (the Purchase Agreement) between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. (Customer) relating to Model 757-324 aircraft (the Aircraft) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

 This Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 

 Boeing agrees to provide Customer with mutually agreed upon performance guarantees by January 31, 2001. 

 Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: December 29, 2000 

 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 
 December 29, 2000 
 6-1162-JMG-0319 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, TX 77002 

Subject: Promotional Support 

Reference: Purchase Agreement No. 2333 (the Purchase Agreement) between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental Airlines, Inc. (Customer) relating to Model 757-324 aircraft (the Aircraft) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

 This Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 

 Boeing agrees to make available to Customer [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] U.S. Dollars) for Customer's marketing and promotion
programs associated with the introduction of the first Aircraft into service, and [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] for each subsequent Aircraft delivered within two years after the delivery of the first Aircraft.
These programs may include marketing research; tourism development; corporate identity; direct marketing; video tape, or still photography; planning, design and production of collateral materials; management of promotion programs and advertising campaigns. 

 Boeing's obligation to provide the support will commence at the time the purchase of the Aircraft becomes firm (not subject to cancellation by either party) and will [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . There will be no cash payments or other support in lieu thereof. 

Following the execution of this Letter Agreement, a Boeing Airline Promotion representative will meet with Customer's designated representative to discuss the extent, selection, scheduling, and funds disbursement process for the program. 

Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: December 29, 2000 

 Continental Airlines, Inc. 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Senior Vice President - Finance 
 
 December 29, 2000 
 6-1162-JMG-0320 

Continental Airlines, Inc. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, Texas 77002 

Subject: Special Matters 

 Reference: Purchase Agreement No. 2333 (the Purchase Agreement) 

between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Continental 

Airlines, Inc. (Customer) relating to Model 757-324 aircraft (the Aircraft) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

 This Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 

 1. Credit Memoranda. 
 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of Model 757-324 Aircraft, Boeing shall issue at the time of delivery of each Aircraft and Option Aircraft, a credit memorandum in an amount equal to [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . The credit memorandum is subject to the same airframe escalation as is used to calculate the Aircraft Price at the time of delivery. The credit memorandum may be used by Customer for the purchase of Boeing goods and services or applied to the
balance due at the time of Aircraft delivery. 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

4. [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 4.2 Option Aircraft. [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 5. [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6. [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 7. [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 8. Aircraft Invoices. 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 9. Assignment of Credits. 
 
 Customer may not assign the credit memoranda described in this Letter Agreement without Boeing's prior written consent [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 10. Confidential Treatment . 

 Boeing and Customer understand that certain information contained in this Letter Agreement, including any attachments hereto, are considered by both parties to be confidential. Boeing and Customer agree that each party will treat this Letter
Agreement and the information contained herein as confidential and will not, without the other party's prior written consent, disclose this Letter Agreement or any information contained herein to any other person or entity except as may be required by
applicable law or governmental regulations. 

Very truly yours, 

 THE BOEING COMPANY 

 By /s/ J. A. McGarvey 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 

 Date: December 29, 2000 

 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 21
 exhibit1033o.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.33(O)

AMENDMENT No 

AMENDMENT No. 15 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT GPJ-003/96 

This Amendment (this Amendment dated as of July 25_, 2000 is between EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira de Aeron utica S.A. EMBRAER and Continental Express, Inc. BUYER and relates to
Purchase Agreement No. GPJ-003/96, as amended from time to time (the Purchase Agreement for the purchase of up to two-hundred (200) new EMB 145 aircraft (the Aircraft ). 

This Amendment sets forth the further agreement between EMBRAER and BUYER relative to BUYER's change in the configuration of the SIXTY-EIGHTH through TWO HUNDREDTH Aircraft for the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . All terms defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the same meaning when used herein and in case of any conflict between this Amendment and the Purchase Agreement, this Amendment shall control. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, EMBRAER and BUYER do hereby agree as follows: 

Each Aircraft from the SIXTY-EIGHTH Aircraft through the TWO HUNDREDTH Aircraft shall include the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT]. 
 
 As a consequence of the modification of the configuration as specified above, the Parties agree that notwithstanding the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the BASIC PRICES for each of the SIXTY-EIGHTH Aircraft through
the TWO HUNDREDTH Aircraft shall be [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 
 
 All other provisions and conditions of the referenced Purchase Agreement, as well as its Attachments and Letter Agreements, which are not specifically amended by this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect without
any change. 

IN WITNESS HEREOF, EMBRAER and BUYER, by their duly authorized officers, have entered into and executed this Amendment No. 15 to the Purchase Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 
 
 EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 de Aeronautica S.A. 

By: /s/ Satoshi Yokota By: /s/ Fred S. Cromer 
 
 Name: Satoshi Yokota Name: Fred S. Cromer 
 
 Title: Executive Vice President - Title: VP Finance, CFO 
 Industrial 

By: /s/ Romualdo Barros 
 
 Name: Romualdo Barros 
 
 Title: Executive Vice President - 
 Defense Market 

Date:______________________ Date: July 25, 2000 
 
 Place: S. J. Campos, Brazil Place: Houston, TX 
 
 WITNESS: 

By: /s/ Brasil Areco By: /s/ Amy K. Sedano 
 
 Name: Brasil Areco Name: Amy K. Sedano 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 22
 exhibit1033p.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.33(P)

This Amendment No 

This Amendment No. 16 ("Amendment 16") dated as of July 24, 2000 is between EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. ("EMBRAER") and Continental Express, Inc. ("BUYER"), collectively hereinafter referred to
as the "PARTIES", and relates to Purchase Agreement No. GPJ-003/96, as amended from time to time together with its Attachments, (collectively referred to as the "BASE Agreement") and, Letter Agreements GPJ-004/96 dated August 5, 1996 and GPJ-004A/96 dated
August 31, 1996 as amended from time to time (collectively referred to with this Amendment No. 16 and the BASE Agreement as the "EMB-145 Purchase Agreement") for the purchase of up to two hundred (200) new EMB-145 aircraft (the "AIRCRAFT"). 
 All terms defined in the EMB-145 Purchase Agreement shall have the same meaning when used herein, and in case of any conflict between this Amendment 16 and the EMB-145 Purchase Agreement, this Amendment shall control. 
 WHEREAS, BUYER and EMBRAER wish to amend the EMB-145 Purchase Agreement to (a) reduce the number of EMB-145 LR and ER AIRCRAFT purchased thereunder to a combined total of 150 (already delivered and to be delivered and Firm ER and LR
AIRCRAFT) and (b) to add 75 Firm and 100 option EMB-145 XR increased range capacity aircraft. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration the sufficiency of which is acknowledged by the PARTIES, EMBRAER and BUYER hereby agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows: 

1. The definition of "AIRCRAFT" in Article 1 of the BASE Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

 AIRCRAFT - shall mean both the EMB-145 ER and LR aircraft (the "LR AIRCRAFT") and / or the EMB-145 XR increased range capacity aircraft (the "XR AIRCRAFT") or, where there is more than one of such AIRCRAFT, each of such AIRCRAFT,
manufactured by EMBRAER, for sale to BUYER pursuant to this Agreement, according to Attachment A hereto (AIRCRAFT SPECIFIC CONFIGURATION), Attachment B hereto (FERRY EQUIPMENT, SPARE PARTS POLICY AND LIST OF PUBLICATIONS) and Attachment G hereto [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] , as each such Attachment is amended from time to time including as provided for by Exhibit No. 1 to
Amendment 16 and Exhibit No. 2 to Amendment 16. However, a specific reference to XR Aircraft or LR Aircraft, shall mean only such XR Aircraft or LR Aircraft as applicable and not any other type of aircraft. 

 2. The text of Article 2.a of the BASE Agreement is deleted and replaced with the following, and a new Article 2.d shall be added to the BASE Agreement as follows: 

EMBRAER shall supply and BUYER shall purchase and take delivery of twenty-four (24) newly manufactured ER AIRCRAFT and one hundred twenty-six (126) newly manufactured LR AIRCRAFT and of one hundred seventy-five (175) newly
manufactured XR AIRCRAFT, upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. 

d. The Reconfirmation Notice executed by the PARTIES on April 28, 2000 for the acquisition by BUYER of LR AIRCRAFT number 151 (one hundred fifty-one) through number 161 (one hundred sixty-one) shall be considered null and void. 

3. The text of Article 3.a of the BASE Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

 BUYER agrees to pay EMBRAER, in United States dollars, the following prices: 
 For each LR AIRCRAFT delivered to BUYER pursuant to this Agreement, [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] , (collectively
the "BASIC PRICE"), escalated according to the formula established in Attachment "D" hereto. Two (2) months prior to each AIRCRAFT CONTRACTUAL DELIVERY DATE, EMBRAER shall give BUYER written notice of such price as escalated ("PURCHASE PRICE"). 
 For SPARES ordered pursuant to this Agreement, the specific price of each of the SPARES items shall be based upon EMBRAER's [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO
A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] per AIRCRAFT." 

 4. The text of paragraph a.1 of Article 4 of the BASE Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

 An initial non-refundable deposit of: (i) [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] per each of the first one hundred (100)
LR AIRCRAFT has been previously paid by BUYER to EMBRAER; (ii) [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] per each of the LR AIRCRAFT #101 through #150 has been previously paid by BUYER to EMBRAER; (iii) 
[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] per each of the XR AIRCRAFT #1 through #11 has been previously paid by BUYER to EMBRAER; and (iv) [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
per each of the XR AIRCRAFT #12 through #75 is due and payable upon signature of this Agreement. 

 5. The text of paragraph a of Article 5 of the BASE Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

 a. AIRCRAFT : Subject to payment in accordance with Article 4 hereof and compliance with the conditions of this Agreement, the AIRCRAFT shall be made available for delivery by EMBRAER to BUYER in F.A.F. (Fly
Away Factory) condition, at S o Jos dos Campos, State of S o Paulo, Brazil, according to the following schedule: 

a.1. 2000 LR AIRCRAFT Deliveries 

LR Aircraft 
 
 LR Aircraft Contractual 
 Delivery Dates 
 
 LR Aircraft 
 
 LR Aircraft Contractual 
 Delivery Dates 

65 th 
 
 June 09, 2000 
 
 73 rd 
 
 August 24, 2000 

66 th 
 
 June 21, 2000 
 
 74 th 
 
 August 31, 2000 

67 th 
 
 June 28,2000 
 
 75 th 
 
 September 14, 2000 

68 th 
 
 July 07, 2000 
 
 76 th 
 
 September 20, 2000 

69 th 
 
 July 14, 2000 
 
 77 th 
 
 September 25, 2000 

70 th 
 
 July 21, 2000 
 
 78 th 
 
 November 09, 2000 

71 st 
 
 August 10, 2000 
 
 79 th 
 
 December 14, 2000 

72 nd 
 
 August 17, 2000 

a.2. 2001 LR AIRCRAFT Deliveries 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

To the extent that the specific LR AIRCRAFT Contractual Delivery Dates are not identified in Articles 5.a.2, 5.a.3, and 5.a.4 and the specific XR AIRCRAFT Contractual Delivery Dates are not identified in Articles 5.a.5, 5.a.6, 5.a.7
and 5.a.8. EMBRAER will give BUYER notice ("Final Delivery Notice") of the date on which EMBRAER considers that each such AIRCRAFT will be ready for inspection and such date shall be no fewer than [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] (the "Inspection Date"). The Final Delivery Notice will be provided to BUYER by EMBRAER no later than
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

 6. The text of Article 13.g of the BASE Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced as follows: 

 g. EMBRAER shall provide [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] Flight Attendant Familiarization Course for up to 
[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] of BUYER's representatives per LR AIRCRAFT. This course shall consist of classroom familiarization, including a general description of AIRCRAFT and systems to be used by flight attendants. EMBRAER shall not provide any Flight Attendant Familiarization
Course for the XR AIRCRAFT or Reconfirmation Aircraft. 
 If requested, EMBRAER may demonstrate procedures described in the classroom, subject to BUYER's AIRCRAFT availability. 

 7. The text of Article 25 of the BASE Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced as follows: 

 All notices permitted or required hereunder shall be in writing in the English language and sent, by registered mail or facsimile, to the attention of the Director of Contracts as to EMBRAER and of the Chief Financial Officer as to
BUYER, to the addresses indicated below or to such other address as either party may, by written notice, designate to the other. 
 EMBRAER: 

 EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. 
 Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 2170 
 12.227-901 S o Jos dos Campos - SP 
 BRAZIL 
 Telephone: 55 12 345-1410 
 Facsimile: 55 12 345-1257 

BUYER: 

 CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 1600 Smith Street 
 Houston, Texas 77002 
 USA 
 Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
 Telephone: 713-324-4833 
 Facsimile: 713-324-4420 
 8. Attachment "A" to the Purchase Agreement "AIRCRAFT SPECIFIC CONFIGURATION", as last amended by Exhibit "1" to the Amendment No. 8 to Purchase Agreement GPJ-003/96 is hereby deleted and shall be deemed replaced by Exhibit
"1" to this Amendment 16. 
 9. The quantity of each technical publication to be provided by EMBRAER to BUYER described in Article 3 of Attachment "B" is hereby deleted and replaced as follows: 

"Title 
 
 (Copies) 

for LR 
 
 for XR 

OPERATIONAL 

1. Airplane Flight Manual (AFM)( 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED WITH 
 SEPARATELY WITH 
 THE SECURITIES AND 
 EXCHANGE COMMIS-SION PURSUANT TO A 
 REQUEST FOR CONFI- 
 DENTIAL TREATMENT] 

2. Weight Balance Manual (WB)( 

3. Operations Manual (OM)( 

4. Quick Reference Handbook (QRH)( 

5. Dispatch Deviation Procedures Manual (DDPM)( 

6. Supplementary Performance Manual (SPM)( 

7. Operational Bulletins Set (OB)( 

8. Master Minimum Equipment List (MMEL)( )( 

MAINTENANCE - BASIC SET 

1. Aircraft Maintenance Manual (AMM) 

2. Illustrated Parts Catalog (IPC) 

3. Fault Isolation Manual (FIM) 

4. Non Destructive Manual (NDI) 

5. Scheduled Maintenance Requirements Document (SMRD) 

6. Wiring Manual (WM) 

7. Structural Repair Manual (SRM) 

8. Service Information Bulletins Set (SB/IB)( 

9. Service Newsletters (SNL) 

MAINTENANCE SUPPLEMENTARY SET 

1. System Schematic Manual (SSM) 

2. Instructions for Ground Fire Extinguishing and Rescue (IGFER) 

3. Airport Planning (AP) 

4. Illustrated Tool Equipment Manual (ITEM) 

5. Task Card Manual (TCM) 

6. Ramp Maintenance Manual (RMM) 

7. Powerplant Build-up Manual (PPBM) 

8. Auxiliary Power Unit Build up Manual (APUBM) 

9. Corrosion Control Manual (CCM) 

10. Vendor Service Publications Set 

10. Attachment "G" to the Purchase Agreement [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT], 
as amended by Article 4 of Amendment No. 9 to Purchase Agreement GPJ-003/96 is hereby amended in order to deem all references to the term "AIRCRAFT" contained in the above referred to Article to be references to LR AIRCRAFT. Schedule G to Purchase
Agreement GPJ-003/96 shall also be amended so as to include the "Schedule 1" to the Attachment "G" as contained in Exhibit 2 to this Amendment 16. 
 11. All other terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, which are not specifically amended by this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect without any change. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EMBRAER and BUYER, by their duly authorized officers, have entered into and executed this Amendment No. 16 to the Purchase Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 
 
 EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 de Aeronautica S.A. 

By : /s/ Frederico Fleury Curado By : /s/ Jim Ream 
 Name : Frederico Fleury Curado Name : Jim Ream 
 Title : Executive Vice President Commercial Title : President 

By : /s/ Carlos Rocha Villela 
 Name : Carlos Rocha Villela 
 Title : Executive Vice President and General Counsel 
 
 Date: July 24, 2000 Date: July 21, 2000 
 Place : S. J. Campos - SP, Brazil Place : Houston, TX, USA 
 
 Witness: /s/ Jose Luis D. Molina Witness: /s/ Fred S. Cromer 
 Name: Jose Luis D. Molina Name : Fred S. Cromer 
 1. STANDARD AIRCRAFT 

The LR AIRCRAFT shall be manufactured according to the standard configuration specified in the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] and the optional equipment described in item 2. 
 The XR AIRCRAFT shall be manufactured according to the standard configuration specified in the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL
TREATMENT] and the optional equipment described in item 2. 

2. OPTIONAL EQUIPMENT FOR THE AIRCRAFT 

The AIRCRAFT shall include the following optional equipment: 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 3. FINISHING : 

The finishing of the AIRCRAFT shall be as follows: 
 a. EXTERIOR FINISHING: 
 The AIRCRAFT shall be painted according to BUYER's color and paint scheme, which shall be supplied to EMBRAER by BUYER [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A
REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] days after the execution of this Agreement. 
 b. INTERIOR FINISHING: 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

4. REGISTRATION MARKS 

The AIRCRAFT shall be delivered to BUYER with BUYER's registration marks painted on them, which shall be supplied to EMBRAER by BUYER no later than [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] days before each relevant AIRCRAFT CONTRACTUAL DELIVERY DATE. 
 5. [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

IT IS HEREBY AGREED AND UNDERSTOOD BY THE PARTIES THAT IF THERE IS ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE TERMS OF THIS EXHIBIT "1" AND THE TERMS OF THE [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] FOR THE XR AIRCRAFT, THE TERMS OF THIS EXHIBIT "1" SHALL PREVAIL. 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 23
 exhibit1033q.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.33(Q)

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.33(q) 

AMENDMENT No. 17 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT GPJ-003/96 

This Amendment No. 17 ("Amendment 17") dated as of November 7, 2000 is between EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira de Aeron utica S.A. ("EMBRAER") and Continental Express, Inc. ("BUYER") and relates to Purchase Agreement No.
GPJ-003/96, as amended from time to time (the "Purchase Agreement") for the purchase of some newly manufactured EMB-145 aircraft (the "Aircraft"). 
 
 All terms defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the same meaning when used herein, and in case of any conflict between this Amendment 17 and the Purchase Agreement, this Amendment shall control. 
 
 This Amendment 17 sets forth the further agreement between EMBRAER and BUYER relative to certain changes requested by BUYER in the Aircraft configuration described in Attachment "A" of Amendment 16 to the Purchase Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, EMBRAER and BUYER do hereby agree as follows: 

Each of the newly manufactured LR AIRCRAFT from the SEVENTY-FIFTH (75th) through the ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTIETH (150th), and each of the newly manufactured XR AIRCRAFT from the FIRST (1st) through the SEVENTY-FIFTH (75th) shall
include the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 
 
 Each of the new manufactured LR AIRCRAFT from the EIGHTIETH (80th) through the ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTIETH (150th), and each of the newly manufactured XR AIRCRAFT from the FIRST (1st) through the SEVENTY-FIFTH (75th) shall
include [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] for the EIGHTIETH (80 th through the ONE HUNDRED FIFTIETH (150 th Aircraft as a
result of this change. 
 
 3. For the affected AIRCRAFT referred to in paragraph 1 above, considering the changes in configuration and in the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A
REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] to Amendment 5, and Exhibit 2 to Amendment 16 to the Purchase Agreement, shall be adjusted in order to reflect the change(s) referred to in this amendment. For further considerations, such [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 
 
 4. As a result of the AIRCRAFT configuration changes as specified above, the Parties agree that notwithstanding the provisions of the Purchase Agreement; 

The BASIC PRICE for each of the LR AIRCRAFT from the SEVENTY-FIFTH (75th) through the SEVENTY-NINTH (79th) AIRCRAFT shall be [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; 
 
 The BASIC PRICE for each of the LR AIRCRAFT from the EIGHTIETH (80TH) through THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTIETH (150th) shall be [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO
A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 The BASIC PRICE for each of the XR AIRCRAFT from the FIRST (1st) through the SEVENTY-FIFTH (75th) shall be [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST
FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

All other provisions and conditions of the referenced Purchase Agreement, as well as its Attachments and Letter Agreements, which are not specifically amended by this Amendment 17, shall remain in full force and effect without any
change. 

IN WITNESS HEREOF, EMBRAER and BUYER, by their duly authorized officers, have entered into and executed this Amendment No. 17 to the Purchase Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 

EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 de Aeron utica S.A. 

By: /s/ Antonio L. P. Manso By: /s/ Frederick S. Cromer 
 
 Name: Antonio L. P. Manso Name: Frederick S. Cromer 
 
 Title: Executive Vice President and CFO Title: VP CFO 

By: /s/ Flavio Rimoli 
 
 Name: Flavio Rimoli 
 
 Title: Director of Contracts 

Date: Nov. 7, 2000 Date: November 1, 2000 
 
 Place: S. J. Campos - SP - Brazil Place: Houston, Texas 
 
 WITNESS: 

By: /s/ Jose Luis D. Molina By: /s/ Amy K. Sedano 
 
 Name: Jose Luis D. Molina Name: Amy K. Sedano 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 24
 exhibit1033r.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.33(R)

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.33(r) 

AMENDMENT No. 18 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT GPJ-003/96 

This Amendment No. 18 Amendment 18 dated as of November 17, 2000 is between EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. EMBRAER and Continental Express, Inc. BUYER), collectively hereinafter referred to as the PARTIES , and relates to Purchase Agreement No. GPJ-003/96, as amended from time to time together with its Attachments, (collectively referred to as the BASE Agreement and, Letter
Agreements GPJ-004/96 dated August 5, 1996 and GPJ-004A/96 dated August 31, 1996 as amended from time to time (collectively referred to with this Amendment No. 18 and the BASE Agreement as the EMB-145 Purchase Agreement for the purchase of up
to two hundred and twenty five (225) new EMB-145 aircraft (the AIRCRAFT ). 
 This Amendment 18 sets forth the further agreement between EMBRAER and BUYER relative to the delivery dates in 2001. All terms defined in the EMB-145 Purchase Agreement shall have the same meaning when used herein and in case of any
conflict between this Amendment 18 and the EMB-145 Purchase Agreement, this Amendment 18 shall control. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, which is hereby acknowledged, EMBRAER and BUYER hereby agree as follows: 

Item a of Article 5 - DELIVERY, of the EMB-145 Purchase Agreement, is hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows: 

AIRCRAFT : Subject to payment in accordance with Article 4 hereof and compliance with the conditions of this Agreement, the AIRCRAFT shall be made available for delivery by EMBRAER to BUYER in F.A.F. (Fly Away Factory)
condition, at S o Jos dos Campos, State of S o Paulo, Brazil, according to the following schedule: 

a.1. 2000 LR AIRCRAFT Deliveries 

LR Aircraft 
 
 LR Aircraft Contractual 
 Delivery Dates 
 
 LR Aircraft 
 
 LR Aircraft Contractual 
 Delivery Dates 

65 th 
 
 June 09, 2000 
 
 73 rd 
 
 August 24, 2000 

66 th 
 
 June 21, 2000 
 
 74 th 
 
 August 31, 2000 

67 th 
 
 June 28,2000 
 
 75 th 
 
 September 14, 2000 

68 th 
 
 July 07, 2000 
 
 76 th 
 
 September 20, 2000 

69 th 
 
 July 14, 2000 
 
 77 th 
 
 September 25, 2000 

70 th 
 
 July 21, 2000 
 
 78 th 
 
 November 09, 2000 

71 st 
 
 August 10, 2000 
 
 79 th 
 
 December 14, 2000 

72 nd 
 
 August 17, 2000 

a.2. 2001 LR AIRCRAFT Deliveries 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

2. All other terms and conditions of the EMB-145 Purchase Agreement, which are not specifically amended by this Amendment 18, shall remain in full force and effect without any change. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EMBRAER and BUYER, by their duly authorized officers, have entered into and executed this Amendment 18 to the EMB-145 Purchase Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 
 
 EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 de Aeronautica S.A. 

By : /s/ Frederico Fleury Curado By : /s/ Fred S. Cromer 
 Name : Frederico Fleury Curado Name : Fred S. Cromer 
 Title : Executive Vide President Title : VP CFO 
 
 By : /s/ Flavio Rimoli 
 Name : Flavio Rimoli 
 Title : Director of Contracts 
 
 Date: Nov. 17, 2000 Date: Nov. 10, 2000 
 Place : S. J. Campos - Brazil Place : Houston, Texas 
 Witness: /s/ Jose Luis D. Molina Witness: /s/ Amy K. Sedano 
 Name : Jose Luis D. Molina Name : Amy K. Sedano 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 25
 exhibit1034a.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.34(A)

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.34(a) 

AMENDMENT NUMBER 1 TO 
 LETTER OF AGREEMENT GPJ-004/1996 

With reference to the Letter of Agreement (the "LOA") GPJ-004/1996 dated August 5, 1996 between Embraer-Empresa Brasileira Aeronautica S.A. and Continental Express, Inc. (the "Parties"), the Parties hereby amend on the date set forth
below the provision of Article 9.B thereof by substituting "September 3, 1996" for the September 1, 1996 date set forth in the LOA. 

Dated as of August 31, 1996 

CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 
 EMBRAER-EMPRESA BRASILEIRA DE AERONAUTICA S.A. 

By: /s/ David Siegel 
 
 By: /s/ Mauricio Botelho 

Name: David Siegel 
 
 Name: Mauricio Botelho 

Title: President 
 
 Title: President CEO 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 26
 exhibit1034b.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.34(B)

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.34(b) 

AMENDMENT No. 2 TO LETTER OF AGREEMENT GPJ-004/96 
 AND AMENDMENT No. 1 TO LETTER OF AGREEMENT PCJ-004A/96 

This Amendment dated as of July 24, 2000 relates to Letter of Agreement GPJ-004/96 dated August 5, 1996 and Letter of Agreement PCJ-004A/96 dated August 31, 1996 Amendment 2 and Amendment 1 ),
between EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira de AeronAutica S.A. EMBRAER and Continental Express, Inc. BUYER ), which concerns Purchase Agreement No. GPJ-003/96 (the Purchase Agreement ), as amended from time to time
(collectively referred to herein as the Agreement ). This Amendment 2 and Amendment 1 is between EMBRAER and BUYER, collectively referred to herein as the PARTIES . 
 
 This Amendment 2 and Amendment 1 sets forth the further agreements between EMBRAER and BUYER relative to the subject of the Agreement, and upon execution, this Amendment 2 and Amendment 1 shall apply to LR AIRCRAFT #51-#150, any
EMB-145 aircraft which shall have an increased range capacity XR AIRCRAFT and any [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] AIRCRAFT. 
 
 This Amendment 2 and Amendment 1 constitutes an amendment and modification of the Letter Agreement GPJ-004/96 and Letter Agreement PCJ-004A/96. All capitalized terms used in this Amendment 2 and Amendment 1 and not defined herein,
shall have the meaning given in the Agreement, and in case of any conflict between this Amendment 2 and Amendment 1 and the Agreement, the terms of this Amendment 2 and Amendment 1 shall control. 

WHEREAS, simultaneous with the signing and delivering of this Amendment 2 and Amendment 1, BUYER and EMBRAER are amending Purchase Agreement to (a) reduce the number of EMB-145 LR AND ER AIRCRAFT purchased thereunder to a combined
total of 150 (already delivered and to be delivered and Firm ER and LR AIRCRAFT) and (b) to add 75 firm and 100 option XR AIRCRAFT. 
 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the amendment to the Purchase Agreement as described above, the PARTIES desire to modify several terms and conditions described in the Letter Agreement GPJ-004/96 (individually referred to as Letter
004 and Letter Agreement PCJ-004A/96 (individually referred to as Letter 004A as follows: 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, EMBRAER and BUYER hereby agree as follows: 

The text of Article 1 of Letter 004 is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 
 
 INTENTIONALLY DELETED 
 
 The text of Article 2 of Letter 004 is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

3. The text of Article 5 of Letter 004 is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 
 
 The term [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] in line three of Article 13.h of the Purchase Agreement shall be deleted
and replaced with the term [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] and the term ER shall be inserted between the terms first and 
AIRCRAFT on line four of Article 13.h of the Purchase Agreement. Furthermore the sentence EMBRAER shall also provide [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] , shall be added to Article 13.h of the Purchase Agreement after the word EMBRAER on line
six of Article 13.h of the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 4. The following paragraph is inserted as a new Article 12 in Letter 004: 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 5. The following paragraph is inserted as a new Article 13 in Letter 004: 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 6. The following paragraph is inserted as a new Article 14 in Letter 004: 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 7. The following paragraph is inserted as a new Article 15 in Letter 004: 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 8. The following paragraph is inserted as a new Article 16 in Letter 004: 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

The following paragraph is inserted as a new Article 17 in Letter 004: 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 10. The following paragraph is inserted as a new Article 18 in Letter 004: 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

A new Article 19 shall be included in Letter 004 as follows: 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 12. A new Article 20 shall be included in Letter 004: 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 13. All other terms and conditions of the Letter Agreement which are not specifically amended by this Amendment 2 and Amendment 1 shall remain in full force and effect without any change. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EMBRAER and BUYER, by their duly authorized officers, have entered into and executed this Amendment 2 and Amendment 1 to be effective as of the date first written above. 
 
 EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 de Aeronautica S.A. 

By : /s/ Horacio Aragones Forjaz By : /s/ Jim Ream 
 Name : Horacio Aragones Forjaz Name : Jim Ream 
 Title : Executive Vice President Planning Title : President 
 and Organizational Development 

By : /s/ Carlos Rocha Villela 
 Name : Carlos Rocha Villela 
 Title : Executive Vice President 
 and General Counsel 
 
 Date: July 24, 2000 Date: July 21, 2000 
 Place : S. J. Campos - SP, Brazil Place : Houston, TX, USA 

Witness: /s/ Jose Luis D. Molina Witness: /s/ Fred S. Cromer 
 Name : Jose Luis D. Molina Name : Fred Cromer 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 27
 exhibit1036.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.36

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.36 

LETTER AGREEMENT DCT 059/2000 
 This Letter Agreement (the "Agreement") dated as of October 27, 2000 is between EMBRAER-Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. ("EMBRAER") and Continental Express, Inc. ("BUYER") and relates to Purchase Agreement No.
GPJ-003/96, dated August 5, 1996 as amended from time to time (the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT") for the purchase of EMB-145 Aircraft (the "AIRCRAFT"). 
 This Agreement sets forth the further agreement between EMBRAER and BUYER relative to the BUYER's obligation to purchase AIRCRAFT under the Purchase Agreement. All terms defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the same meaning
when used here and in case of any conflict between this Agreement and the Purchase Agreement, this Agreement shall control. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, EMBRAER and BUYER do hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Article 3 of the Purchase Agreement is amended to add the following item at the end of such Article: 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 2. Article 7 of the Purchase Agreement is amended to add the following item at the end of such Article: 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 3. All other provisions and conditions of the referenced Purchase Agreement, as well as its Attachments and Letter Agreements, which are not specifically amended by this Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect
without any change. 
 [Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EMBRAER and BUYER, by their duly authorized officers, have entered into and executed this Letter Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 

EMBRAER-Empresa Brasileira 
de Aeronautica, S.A. 

CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 

By: /s/ Frederico Fleury Curado 

By: /s/ Fred Cromer 

Name: Frederico Fleury Curado 

Name: Fred Cromer 

Title: Executive Vice President Airline Market 

Title: VP Finance CFO 

Date: October 27, 2000 

Date: October 27, 2000 

By: /s/ Flavio Rimoli 

Name: Flavio Rimoli 

Title: Director of Contracts 

Date: October 27, 2000 

Witness: 

By: /s/ Brasil E. Areco 

By: ______________________ 

Name: Brasil E. Areco 

Name: ____________________ 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 28
 exhibit1037g.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.37(G)

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.37(g) 

AMENDMENT No. 7 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT DCT-054/98 

This Amendment No. 7 (the Amendment dated as of July 24th, 2000 is between EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira de Aeron utica S.A. EMBRAER and Continental Express, Inc. 
BUYER ), collectively hereinafter referred to as the PARTIES , and relates to Purchase Agreement No. DCT-054/98 dated December 23, 1998, as amended from time to time (together with its Attachments, the Amendments to Purchase Agreement and
Letter Agreements, the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement for the purchase of up to seventy-five (75) new EMB-135 aircraft (the AIRCRAFT ). 

 All terms defined in the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement shall have the same meaning when used herein and in case of any conflict between this Amendment and the Purchase Agreement, this Amendment shall control. 
 
 WHEREAS, BUYER desires to acquire, and EMBRAER desires to sell a new version of the EMB-145 aircraft which has an increased range capacity XR AIRCRAFT ; 

WHEREAS, simultaneous with the signing and delivery of this Amendment, BUYER and EMBRAER are amending Purchase Agreement GPJ-003/96 to provide for the purchase by BUYER of the XR AIRCRAFT; 

WHEREAS, in connection with the new order by BUYER of the XR AIRCRAFT, BUYER and EMBRAER wish to amend the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement to reduce the number of aircraft that will be purchased by BUYER thereunder from 75 AIRCRAFT to 50
AIRCRAFT. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration which is hereby acknowledged, EMBRAER and BUYER hereby agree as follows: 

The text of Paragraph a of Article 2 is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

EMBRAER shall supply and BUYER shall purchase and take delivery of fifty (50) newly manufactured AIRCRAFT ("FIRM AIRCRAFT") upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement together with the Attachments hereto which shall be
deemed to be part of this Agreement. 

The text of Paragraph a of Article 5 is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

AIRCRAFT: Subject to payment in accordance with Article 4 hereof and compliance with the conditions of this Agreement, the AIRCRAFT shall be made available for delivery by EMBRAER to BUYER in F.A.F. (Fly Away Factory)
condition, at S o Jos dos Campos, State of S o Paulo, Brazil, according to the following schedule: 

Aircraft 
 
 Aircraft Contractual 
 Delivery Dates 
 
 Aircraft 
 
 Aircraft Contractual 
 Delivery Dates 

1st 
 
 July 1999 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL 
 OMITTED AND FILED 
 SEPARATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
 COMMISSION PURSUANT TO 
 A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL 
 TREATMENT.] 

2nd 
 
 August 1999 

3rd 
 
 September 1999 

4th 
 
 October 1999 

5th 
 
 November 1999 

6th 
 
 December 1999 

7th 
 
 January 2000 

8th 
 
 February 2000 

9th 
 
 March 2000 

10th 
 
 April 2000 

11th 
 
 May 2000 

12th 
 
 June 2000 

13th 
 
 July 2000 

14th 
 
 August 2000 

15th 
 
 September 2000 

16th 
 
 October 2000 

17th 
 
 November 2000 

18th 
 
 December 2000 

19th 
 
 January 2001 

20th 
 
 January 2001 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH 
 THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A 
 REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

The text of Article 23 is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

INTENTIONALLY DELETED 
 
 4. All other terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, which are not specifically amended by this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect without any change. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EMBRAER and BUYER, by their duly authorized officers, have entered into and executed this Amendment No. 7 to the Purchase Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 

EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 de Aeron utica S.A. 

By : /s/ Horacio Aragones Forjaz By : /s/ Jim Ream 
 Name : Horacio Aragones Forjaz Name : Jim Ream 
 Title : Executive Vice President Planning Title : President 

By : /s/ Carlos Rocha Villela 
 Name : Carlos Rocha Villela 
 Title : Executive Vice President 
 and General Counsel 
 
 Date: July 24,2000 Date: July 21, 2000 
 Place : S. J. Campos, SP, Brazil Place: Houston, TX, USA 

Witness: /s/ Jose Luis D. Molina Witness: /s/ Fred S. Cromer 
 Name : Jose Luis D. Molina Name : Fred S. Cromer 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 29
 exhibit1037h.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.37(H)

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.37(h) 

AMENDMENT No. 8 TO PURCHASE OF AGREEMENT DCT-054/98 

This Amendment No.8 Amendment 8 dated as of November 7, 2000 is between EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira de Aeron utica S.A. EMBRAER and Continental Express, Inc. BUYER ), and relates to
Purchase Agreement No. DCT-054/98 dated December 23, 1998, as amended from time to time (the Purchase Agreement for the purchase of up to fifty (50) newly manufactured EMB-135 aircraft (the Aircraft ). 

All terms defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the same meaning when used herein, and in case of any conflict between this Amendment 8 and the Purchase Agreement, this Amendment shall control. 

This Amendment 8 sets forth the further agreement between EMBRAER and BUYER relative to certain changes requested by BUYER in the Aircraft configuration described in Exhibit 1 of Amendment 5 to the Purchase Agreement 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, EMBRAER and BUYER do hereby agree as follows: 

Each of the newly manufactured LR AIRCRAFT from the FIFETEEN (15th) through the FIFTIETH (50th), shall include the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT]. 
 
 For the affected AIRCRAFT referred to in paragraph 1 above, considering the changes in configuration and in the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT]. 
 
 As a consequence of the AIRCRAFT configuration changes as specified above, the Parties agree that notwithstanding the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the BASIC PRICE for each of the LR AIRCRAFT
from the FIFETEENTH (15th) through the EIGHTEENTH (18th) shall be [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

4. All other terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, which are not specifically amended by this Amendment 8, shall remain in full force and effect without any change. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EMBRAER and BUYER, by their duly authorized officers, have entered into and executed this Amendment No. 8 to the Purchase Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 

EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 de Aeronautica S.A. 

By : /s/ Antonio L. P. Manso By : /s/ Frederick S. Cromer 
 Name : Antonio L. P. Manso Name : Frederick S. Cromer 
 Title : Executive Vice President and CFO Title : VP CFO 

By : /s/ Flavio Rimoli 
 Name : Flavio Rimoli 
 Title : Director of Contracts 
 
 Date: Nov. 07, 2000 Date: 11/01/00 
 Place : S. J. Campos - SP, Brazil Place : Houston, Texas 

Witness: /s/ Jose Luis D. Molina Witness /s/ Amy K. Sedano 
 Name : Jose Luis D. Molina Name : Amy K. Sedano 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 30
 exhibit1037i.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.37(I)

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.37(i) 

AMENDMENT No. 9 TO PURCHASE OF AGREEMENT DCT-054/98 

This Amendment No. 9 (the Amendment dated as of September 20, 2000 is between EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. EMBRAER and Continental Express, Inc. BUYER), collectively hereinafter referred to as the PARTIES , and relates to Purchase Agreement No. DCT-054/98 dated December 23, 1998, as amended from time to time (together with its Attachments, the Amendments to Purchase Agreement and Letter
Agreements, the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement for the purchase of up to fifty (50) new EMB-135 aircraft (the AIRCRAFT ). 

This Amendment sets forth the further agreement between EMBRAER and BUYER relative to the delivery date of the SEVENTEENTH (17TH) and EIGHTEENTH (18TH) AIRCRAFT. All terms defined in the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement shall have the same
meaning when used herein and in case of any conflict between this Amendment and the Purchase Agreement, this Amendment shall control. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, which is hereby acknowledged, EMBRAER and BUYER hereby agree as follows: 

Item a of Article 5 - DELIVERY, of the Purchase Agreement, is hereby amended to read in its entirely as follows: 

AIRCRAFT: Subject to payment in accordance with Article 4 hereof and compliance with the conditions of this Agreement, the AIRCRAFT shall be made available for delivery by EMBRAER to BUYER in F.A.F. (Fly Away Factory)
condition, at S o Jos dos Campos, State of S o Paulo, Brazil, according to the following schedule: 

Aircraft 
 
 Aircraft Contractual 
 Delivery Dates 
 
 Aircraft 
 
 Aircraft Contractual 
 Delivery Dates 

1st 
 
 July 1999 
 
 26 th 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED SEPAR- 
 ATELY WITH THE 
 SECURITIES AND 
 EXCHANGE COMMIS- 
 SION PURSUANT TO A 
 REQUEST FOR 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 TREATMENT] 

2nd 
 
 August 1999 
 
 27 th 

3rd 
 
 September 1999 
 
 28 th 

4th 
 
 October 1999 
 
 29 th 

5th 
 
 November 1999 
 
 30 th 

6th 
 
 December 1999 
 
 31 st 

7th 
 
 January 2000 
 
 32 nd 

8th 
 
 February 2000 
 
 33 rd 

9th 
 
 March 2000 
 
 34 th 

10th 
 
 April 2000 
 
 35 th 

11th 
 
 May 2000 
 
 36 th 

12th 
 
 June 2000 
 
 37 th 

13th 
 
 July 2000 
 
 38 th 

14th 
 
 August 2000 
 
 39 th 

15th 
 
 September 2000 
 
 40 th 

16th 
 
 October 2000 
 
 41 st 

17th 
 
 October 2000 
 
 42 nd 

18th 
 
 November 2000 
 
 43 rd 

19th 
 
 January 2001 
 
 44 th 

20th 
 
 January 2001 
 
 45 th 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

2. All other terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, which are not specifically amended by this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect without any change. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EMBRAER and BUYER, by their duly authorized officers, have entered into and executed this Amendment No. 9 to the Purchase Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 
 
 EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 de Aeronautica S.A. 

By : /s/ Frederico Fleury Curado By : /s/ Frederick S. Cromer 
 Name : Frederico Fleury Curado Name : Frederick S. cromer 
 Title : Executive Vice President Title : VP Finance CFO 
 Airline Market 
 
 By : /s/ Flavio Rimoli 
 Name : Flavio Rimoli 
 Title : Director of Contracts 
 
 Date: September 20, 2000 Date: September 15, 2000 
 Place : S. Jose Campos - SP Place : Houston, TX 
 
 Witness: /s/ Jose Luis Molina Witness: /s/ Amy K. Sedano 
 Name : Jose Luis Molina Name : Amy K. Sedano 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 31
 exhibit1037j.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.37(J)

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.37(j) 

AMENDMENT No. 10 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT DCT-054/98 
 
 This Amendment No. 10 Amendment 10 dated as of November 17, 2000 is between EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. EMBRAER and Continental Express, Inc. BUYER), collectively hereinafter referred to as the PARTIES , and relates to Purchase Agreement No. DCT-054/98 dated December 23, 1998, as amended from time to time (together with its Attachments, the Amendments to Purchase Agreement and Letter
Agreements, the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement for the purchase of up to fifty (50) new EMB-135 aircraft (the AIRCRAFT ). 

This Amendment 10 sets forth the further agreement between EMBRAER and BUYER relative to the delivery dates for the TWENTY-FIRST (21ST) through TWENTY-SEVENTH (27TH) AIRCRAFT. All terms defined in the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement shall
have the same meaning when used herein and in case of any conflict between this Amendment 10 and the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement, this Amendment 10 shall control. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, which is hereby acknowledged, EMBRAER and BUYER hereby agree as follows: 

Item a of Article 5 - DELIVERY, of the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement, is hereby amended to read in its entirely as follows: 

AIRCRAFT: Subject to payment in accordance with Article 4 hereof and compliance with the conditions of this Agreement, the AIRCRAFT shall be made available for delivery by EMBRAER to BUYER in F.A.F. (Fly Away Factory)
condition, at S o Jos dos Campos, State of S o Paulo, Brazil, according to the following schedule: 

Aircraft 
 
 Aircraft Contractual 
 Delivery Dates 
 
 Aircraft 
 
 Aircraft Contractual 
 Delivery Dates 

1st 
 
 July 1999 
 
 26 th 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL 
 MATERIAL OMITTED 
 AND FILED 
 SEPARATELY WITH 
 THE SECURITIES AND 
 EXCHANGE COM- 
 MISSION PURSUANT 
 TO A REQUEST FOR 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 TREATMENT] 

2nd 
 
 August 1999 
 
 27 th 

3rd 
 
 September 1999 
 
 28 th 

4th 
 
 October 1999 
 
 29 th 

5th 
 
 November 1999 
 
 30 th 

6th 
 
 December 1999 
 
 31 st 

7th 
 
 January 2000 
 
 32 nd 

8th 
 
 February 2000 
 
 33 rd 

9th 
 
 March 2000 
 
 34 th 

10th 
 
 April 2000 
 
 35 th 

11th 
 
 May 2000 
 
 36 th 

12th 
 
 June 2000 
 
 37 th 

13th 
 
 July 2000 
 
 38 th 

14th 
 
 August 2000 
 
 39 th 

15th 
 
 September 2000 
 
 40 th 

16th 
 
 October 2000 
 
 41 st 

17th 
 
 October 2000 
 
 42 nd 

18th 
 
 November 2000 
 
 43 rd 

19th 
 
 January 2001 
 
 44 th 

20th 
 
 January 2001 
 
 45 th 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

2. All other terms and conditions of the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement, which are not specifically amended by this Amendment 10, shall remain in full force and effect without any change. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EMBRAER and BUYER, by their duly authorized officers, have entered into and executed this Amendment 10 to the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 
 
 EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 de Aeronautica S.A. 
 
 By : /s/ Frederico Fleury Curado By : /s/ Frederick S. Cromer 
 Name : Frederico Fleury Curado Name : Frederick S. Cromer 
 Title : Executive Vice President Title : VP CFO 
 Airline Market 
 
 By : /s/ Flavio Rivoli 
 Name : Flavio Rivoli 
 Title : Director of Contracts 
 
 Date: Nov. 17, 2000 Date: 11/10/00 
 Place : S. J. Campos - Brazil Place : Houston, TX 
 
 Witness: /s/ Jose Luis P. Molina Witness: /s/ Amy K. Sedano 
 Name : Jose Luis P. Molina Name : Amy K. Sedano 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 32
 exhibit1038.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.38

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.38 

LETTER OF AGREEMENT 
 DCT - 055/98 
 
 This Letter of Agreement Agreement dated December 23, 1998, is an agreement between Continental Express, Inc., with its principal place of business at 1600 Smith Street, Houston, Texas, 77002 ("BUYER"), and EMBRAER -
Empresa Brasileira de Aeron utica S.A. ("EMBRAER"), with its principal place of business at S o Jos dos Campos, S o Paulo, Brazil, relating to Purchase Agreement DCT - 054/98 (the Purchase Agreement for the
purchase by BUYER of twenty five firm and up to fifty (50) option new EMB-135 aircraft (respectively the FIRM AIRCRAFT and the OPTION AIRCRAFT ). 
 
 This Agreement sets forth additional agreements of the PARTIES with respect to the matters set forth in the Purchase Agreement. All terms defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the same meaning when used herein, and in case of
any conflict between this Agreement and the Purchase Agreement, this Agreement shall govern. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, EMBRAER and BUYER agree as follows: 
 
 1. [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH 
 THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A 
 REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

5. CONFIDENTIALITY 

EMBRAER and BUYER shall not disclose the terms and conditions of, or the execution of, the Purchase Agreement, or this Agreement to any third party until the execution of the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . After the execution of the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] , the disclosure of the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] , the Purchase Agreement and this Agreement shall be governed by the terms of the Purchase Agreement. The confidentiality provision of this Agreement will not prohibit disclosure to legal counsel or financial advisors of the undersigned, or to
relevant governmental authorities, or as otherwise may be required by law. 

6. MISCELLANEOUS 

All terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement which have not been specifically altered or modified hereunder shall remain in full force and effect, and time is of the essence under this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers and to be effective as of the day and year first above written. 

CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. EMBRAER - EMPRESA BRASILEIRA DE AERON UTICA S.A 

 By : /s/ Fred S. Cromer By : /s/ Antonio L.P. Manso 
 Name : Frederick S. Cromer Name : Antonio L. P. Manso 
 Title : Vice President, Finance Title : Executive Vice President 
 Chief Financial Officer and CFO 

 By : /s/ FlavioRimoli 
 Name : Flavio Rimoli 
 Title : Director of Contracts 

Witness: /s/ John J. Mannion Witness: /s/ Jose Luis P. Molina 
 Name : John J. Mannion Name : Jose Luis P. Molina 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 33
 exhibit1038a.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.38(A)

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.38(a) 

AMENDMENT No. 1 TO LETTER AGREEMENT DCT-055/98 

This Amendment No. 1 dated as of July 24, 2000 Amendment No. 1 relates to the Letter Agreement DCT-055/98 dated December 23, 1998 as amended from time to time Letter Agreement ),
between EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. EMBRAER and Continental Express, Inc. BUYER ), and which concerns the Purchase Agreement DCT-054/98 dated December 23, 1998, as amended from time to time EMB-135
Purchase Agreement ), (collectively referred to herein as the Agreement ). This Amendment No. 1 is between EMBRAER and BUYER, collectively referred to herein as the PARTIES . 
 
 This Amendment No. 1 sets forth further agreements between EMBRAER and BUYER relative to the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement. 
 
 This Amendment No. 1 constitutes an amendment and modification of the Letter Agreement. All terms defined in the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement and not defined herein shall have the meaning given in the EMB-135
Purchase Agreement when used herein, and in case of any conflict between this Amendment No. 1, the Letter Agreement and the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement, the terms of this Amendment No. 1 shall control. 

WHEREAS, Buyer desires to buy and Embraer desires to sell certain EMB-145 aircraft which have an increased range capacity XR AIRCRAFT in accordance with the terms of Purchase Agreement GPJ-003/96 dated August 5, 1996 as
amended from time to time, and; 
 
 WHEREAS, simultaneous with the signing and delivery of this Amendment, BUYER and EMBRAER are amending Purchase Agreement GPJ-003/96 to provide for the purchase by BUYER of the XR AIRCRAFT and amending the EMB-135 Purchase Agreement to
reduce the number of AIRCRAFT that will be purchased by BUYER thereunder from 75 AIRCRAFT to 50 AIRCRAFT; and 
 
 WHEREAS, EMBRAER and BUYER wish to make certain corresponding amendments to the Letter Agreement as provided for herein; 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, EMBRAER and BUYER hereby agree as follows: 

The text of Article 1 of the Letter Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

The text of Article 2 of the Letter Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

INTENTIONALLY DELETED 
 
 3. Article 4 is hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
 INTENTIONALLY DELETED 

A new Article 7 shall be included in the Letter Agreement to read in its entirety as follows: 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

5. A new Article 8 shall be included in the Letter Agreement to read in its entirety as follows: 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

All other terms and conditions of the Letter Agreement which are not specifically amended by this Amendment No. 1 shall remain in full force and effect without any change. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EMBRAER and BUYER, by their duly authorized officers, have entered into and executed this Amendment No. 1 to be effective as of the date first written above. 
 
 EMBRAER - Empresa Brasileira CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 de Aeronautica S.A. 

By : /s Horacio Aragones Forjax By : /s/ Jim Ream 
 Name : Horacio Aragones Forjax Name : Jim Ream 
 Title : Executive Vice President Title : President 
 Organizational Development 
 
 By : /s/ Carlos Rocha Dillela 
 Name : Carlos Rocha Dillela 
 Title : Executive Vice President 
 General Counsel 
 
 Date: July 24, 2000 Date: July 24, 2000 
 Place : S. J. Campos, Brazil Place : Houston, TX 

Witness: /s/Jose Molina Witness: /s/ Fred Cromer 
 Name : Jose Molina Name : Fred Cromer 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 34
 exhibit1039.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.39

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.39 

EMB-135 FINANCING LETTER OF AGREEMENT 
 March 23, 2000 
 
 This Letter of Agreement ("LOA" or "Agreement") dated March 23, 2000, is an agreement among Continental Express, Inc. ("Coex" [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ), with its principal place of business at 1600 Smith Street, Houston, Texas; Continental Airlines, Inc. ("Continental" or [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ), with its principal place of business at 1600 Smith Street, Houston, Texas; and Embraer-Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. ("Embraer"), with its principal place of business at S o Jos dos Campos,
S o Paulo, Brazil, as it relates to Purchase Agreement DCT-054/98 dated as of December 23, 1998 (the "Purchase Agreement") of up to seventy-five (75) EMB-135 aircraft each equipped with Rolls-Royce Allison AE3007A1/3 engines, to be delivered
therewith consisting of twenty-five (25) firm order aircraft (the "Firm Aircraft") and up to fifty (50) additional aircraft to be delivered at Coex's option (the "Option Aircraft"). 
 
 This LOA sets forth certain agreements among Coex, Continental and Embraer (the "Parties") with respect to the first 25 Firm Aircraft and first 25 Option Aircraft ("Aircraft"). In case of any conflict between this LOA and the Purchase
Agreement, this LOA shall govern. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties propose to enter into certain lease financing transactions relating to the Aircraft; 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

General 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

2. Certain Definitions 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Owner 

Participant: Embraer, or its successor, designee, or transferee, provided any such designee or transferee has a consolidated net worth of not less than twenty-five million dollars (USD25,000,000). 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Manufacturer: Embraer - Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A., a Brazilian corporation. 

Engine 
 Manufacturer: Allison Engine Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

3. Aircraft, [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
and Delivery Date. 

Aircraft: Each Embraer EMB-135 aircraft together with two Rolls-Royce Allison AE3007A1/3 engines originally delivered therewith pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and any replacement engines therefor (the "Engines"). The
Aircraft without the Engines is sometimes referred to as the "Airframe." 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 Delivery Date: The date on which an Aircraft is delivered to and accepted by Lessee under a Lease. 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

8. Miscellaneous : 

Closing 
 Conditions: The obligations of the Lessor to consummate the proposed transaction will be subject to the following conditions to closing : 

(i) the absence of any material adverse change from the financial condition of the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST
FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] as reflected in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] filed by the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 
 
 (ii) the absence of any default of [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ; and 
 
 (iii) delivery of customary and satisfactory certificates and legal opinions by [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] . 

Governing Law: New York 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

Confidentiality: The Lease and related documentation will be considered confidential and will not be disclosed to third parties, subject to customary exceptions. Any documents required to be publicly filed shall have all
proprietary and confidential information redacted to the extent permitted by law. The Manufacturer and the Lessee may, however, issue customary press releases with respect to the transaction, provided that neither the Manufacturer nor the Lessee shall
issue any such press release without the review of the other. 

[Signature page follows.] 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this LOA to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and authorized officers and to be effective as of the day and year first above written. 

CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By: /s/ Frederick S. Cromer By: /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 Name: Frederick S. Cromer Name: Gerald Laderman 
 Title: VP Finance CFO Title: Senior Vice President - Finance 

Witness: /s/ James von Atzingen Witness: /s/ James von Atzingen 
 Name: James von Atzingen Name: James von Atzingen 

EMBRAER - EMPRESA BRASILEIRA DE 
 AERONAUTICA S.A 
 
 By: /s Frederico Fleury Curado By: /s/ Flavio Rimoli 
 Name: Frederico Fleury Curado Name: Flavio Rimoli 
 Title: Executive Vice President Commercial Title: Director of Contracts 

Witness: /s/ H. M. Olivero Witness: /s/ Brasil E. Areco 
 Name: H. M. Olivero Name: Brasil E. Areco 
 ANNEX A 

CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 ANNEX B 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 
 Attachment 1 

[CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 35
 exhibit1039a.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.39(A)

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.39(a) 

AMENDMENT 1 TO EMB-135 FINANCING 
 LETTER OF AGREEMENT 

This Amendment 1 to EMB-135 Financing Letter of Agreement Amendment 1") is dated June __, 2000, and is an agreement among Continental Express, Inc. ("Coex" or [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ), with its principal place of business at 1600 Smith Street, Houston, Texas; Continental Airlines, Inc. ("Continental" or [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ), with its principal place of business at 1600 Smith Street, Houston, Texas; and Embraer-Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. ("Embraer"), with its principal place of business at Sao Jose dos Campos, Sao Paulo, Brazil,
as it relates to the EMB-135 Financing Letter of Agreement dated March 23, 2000 executed by Coex, Continental and Embraer Letter ("EMB-135 Financing LOA"). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend the EMB-135 Financing LOA so as to extend the date for execution of the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] for the Aircraft; 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

 1. The date of June 30, 2000 contained in Section 7 of the EMB-135 Financing LOA opposite the caption [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] shall be deleted and replaced with the date August 15, 2000. 

 2. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this Amendment 1 shall have the meaning provided for in the EMB-135 Financing LOA. Furthermore all other terms and conditions contained in the EMB-135 Financing LOA not
specifically referred to herein shall remain in full force and effect and in the event of any conflict between the terms of this Amendment 1 and the EMB-135 Financing LOA the terms of this Amendment 1 shall control. 

 [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment 1 to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and authorized officers and to be effective as of the day and year first above written. 

CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By: /s/ Frederick S. Cromer By: /s/ Gerald Laderman 
 Name: Frederick S. Cromer Name: Gerald Laderman 
 Title: VP Finance CFO Title: Senior Vice President - Finance 

Witness: /s/ Warren Jones Witness: /s/ James von Atzingen 
 Name: Warren Jones Name: James von Atzingen 

EMBRAER - EMPRESA BRASILEIRA DE 
 AERONAUTICA S.A 
 
 By: /s/ Satoshi Yokota By: /s/ Flavio Rimoli 
 Name: Satoshi Yokota Name: Flavio Rimoli 
 Title: Executive Vice President Industrial Title: Director of Contracts 

Witness: /s/ Carlos Martins Dutra Witness: /s/ Brasil Ferreira Areco 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 36
 exhibit1039b.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.39(B)

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.39(b) 
 
 AMENDMENT 2 TO EMB-135 FINANCING 
 LETTER OF AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amendment 2 to EMB-135 Financing Letter of Agreement ("Amendment 2") is dated August __, 2000, and is an agreement among Continental Express, Inc. ("Coex" or [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ), with its principal place of business at 1600 Smith Street, Houston, Texas; Continental Airlines, Inc. ("Continental" or [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ), with its principal place of business at 1600 Smith Street, Houston, Texas; and Embraer-Empresa Brasileira de Aeron utica S.A. ("Embraer"), with its principal place of business at S o Jos dos
Campos, S o Paulo, Brazil, as it relates to the EMB-135 Financing Letter of Agreement dated March 23, 2000, as amended, executed by Coex, Continental and Embraer ("EMB-135 Financing LOA"). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend the EMB-135 Financing LOA so as to extend the date for execution of the [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] for the Aircraft; 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

1. Section 3 of the EMB-135 Financing LOA opposite the caption [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 

2. The date of August 15, 2000 contained in Section 7 of the EMB-135 Financing LOA opposite the caption [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] shall be deleted and replaced with the date September 30, 2000 . 

 3. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this Amendment 2 shall have the meaning provided for in the EMB-135 Financing LOA. Furthermore all other terms and conditions contained in the EMB-135 Financing LOA not
specifically referred to herein shall remain in full force and effect and in the event of any conflict between the terms of this Amendment 2 and the EMB-135 Financing LOA the terms of this Amendment 2 shall control. 

 [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment 2 to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and authorized officers and to be effective as of the day and year first above written. 

CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By:__________________________ By: _________________________ 
 Name:________________________ Name: _______________________ 
 Title:_________________________ Title: ________________________ 

Witness: _____________________ Witness: _____________________ 
 Name: ______________________ Name: _______________________ 

EMBRAER - EMPRESA BRASILEIRA DE 
 AERONAUTICA S.A 
 
 By:___________________________ By:___________________________ 
 Name:_________________________ Name:_________________________ 
 Title:__________________________ Title:__________________________ 

Witness:_______________________ Witness:_______________________ 
 Name:_________________________ Name:_________________________ 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 37
 exhibit1039c.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.39(C)

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.39(c) 

AMENDMENT 3 TO EMB-135 FINANCING 
 LETTER OF AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment 3 to EMB-135 Financing Letter of Agreement (" Amendment 3" is dated October 27, 2000, and is an agreement among Continental Express, Inc. (" Coex " or [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ), with its principal place of business at 1600 Smith Street, Houston, Texas; Continental Airlines, Inc. (" Continental " or [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] ), with its principal place of business at 1600 Smith Street, Houston, Texas; and EMBRAER-Empresa Brasileira de AeronAutica S.A. (" Embraer "), with its principal place of business at Sao Jose dos Campos, SAo Paulo, Brazil, as it relates
to the EMB-135 Financing Letter of Agreement dated March 23, 2000 executed by Coex, Continental and Embraer ("EMB-135 Financing LOA"). 
 Coex and Continental have entered into [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1. Section 3 of the EMB-135 Financing LOA opposite the caption [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] shall
be amended to replace "October 16, 2000" with "November 15, 2000" in each instance in which it appears in the two paragraphs under such caption. 
 2. Section 7 of the EMB-135 Financing LOA shall be amended as follows: 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 3. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this Amendment 3 shall have the meaning provided for in the EMB-135 Financing LOA. Furthermore all other terms and conditions contained in the EMB-135 Financing LOA not
specifically referred to herein shall remain in full force and effect and in the event of any conflict between the terms of this Amendment 3 and the EMB-135 Financing LOA the terms of this Amendment 3 shall control. 
 [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment 3 to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and authorized officers and to be effective as of the day and year first above written. 

CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 
 
 CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC. 

By: /s/ Fred Cromer 
 
 By: /s/ Gerald Laderman 

Name: Fred Cromer 
 
 Name: Gerald Laderman 

Title: VP Finance CFO 
 
 Title: Senior Vice President Finance 

Witness: /s/ Amy K. Sedano 
 
 Witness: /s/ Amy K. Sedano 

Name: Amy K. Sedano 
 
 Name: Amy K. Sedano 

EMBRAER - EMPRESA BRASILEIRA DE AERONAUTICA S.A. 

By: /s/ Frederico Fleury Curado 
 
 By: /s/ Flavio Rimoli 

Name: Frederico Fleury Curado 
 
 Name: Flavio Rimoli 

Title: Executive Vice President 
 Airline Market 
 
 Title: Director of Contracts 

Witness: /s/ Brasil Areco 
 
 Witness: /s/ Carlos Maria Dutra 

Name: Brasil Areco 
 
 Name: Carlos Maria Dutra 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 38
 exhibit1040.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.40

Exhibit 10 

Exhibit 10.40 
 
 LETTER AGREEMENT DCT-058/2000 
 This Letter Agreement (the "Agreement") dated as of October 27, 2000 is between EMBRAER-Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. ("EMBRAER") and Continental Express, Inc. ("BUYER") and relates to Purchase Agreement No. DCT-054/98,
dated December 23, 1998 as amended from time to time (the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT") for the purchase of EMB-135 Aircraft (the "AIRCRAFT"). 
 This Agreement sets forth the further agreement between EMBRAER and BUYER relative to the BUYER's obligation to purchase AIRCRAFT under the Purchase Agreement. All terms defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the same meaning
when used here and in case of any conflict between this Agreement and the Purchase Agreement, this Agreement shall control. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, EMBRAER and BUYER do hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Article 3 of the Purchase Agreement is amended to add the following item at the end of such Article: 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 2. Article 7 of the Purchase Agreement is amended to add the following item at the end of such Article: 
 [CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT] 
 3. All other provisions and conditions of the referenced Purchase Agreement, as well as its Attachments and Letter Agreements, which are not specifically amended by this Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect
without any change. 
 [Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EMBRAER and BUYER, by their duly authorized officers, have entered into and executed this Letter Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 

EMBRAER-Empresa Brasileira 
 de Aeronautica, S.A. 

CONTINENTAL EXPRESS, INC. 

By: /s/ Frederico Fleury Curado 

By: /s/ Fred Cromer 

Name: Frederico Fleury Curado 

Name: Fred Cromer 

Title: Executive Vice President 
 Airline Market 

Title: Vice President Finance CFO 

Date: Octobe 27, 2000 

Date: October 27, 2000 

By: /s/ Flavio Rimoli 

Name: Flavio Rimoli 

Title: Director of Contracts 

Date: October 27, 2000 

Witness: 

By: /s/ Brasil Areco 

By: /s/ Amy K. Sedano 

Name: Brasil Areco 

Name: Amy K. Sedano 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 39
 exhibit211.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT 21 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF CONTINENTAL AIRLINES 

SUBSIDIARY STATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
 Air Micronesia, Inc. Delaware 
 
 Continental Express, Inc. Delaware 
 
 Continental Micronesia, Inc. Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 40
 exhibit231.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Auditors 

We consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated January 16, 2001, except for Note 16, as to which the date is January 22, 2001, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and our report dated January 16,
2001 with respect to the schedule of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company") included in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2000 into the following: 

the Company's Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 33-81324, 33-60009 and 333-06993) relating to the Company's 1994 Incentive Equity Plan; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-23165) relating to the Company's 1997 Stock Incentive Plan; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-57297) relating to the Company's 1998 Stock Incentive Plan; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (333-39762) relating to the Company's Incentive Plan 2000; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 33-81326 and 33-59995) relating to the Company's 1994 Restricted Stock Grant; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-16723) relating to the Company's 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 33-81328) relating to the Company's 1994 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-68233) relating to the Company's Deferred Compensation Plan; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-50938) relating to the Company's Supplemental Savings Plan for Management Pilots; 
 
 the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (No. 333-60409) relating to the 8-1/8 Senior Notes issued by Calair Capital Corporation and guaranteed by the Company; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-09739) relating to Warrants, Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock and sales by certain Selling Securityholders and the related Prospectus; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-31285) relating to the Company's Pass Through Certificates for 250,000,000 and the related Prospectus; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-29255) relating to the Company's Debt Securities (Debt Shelf) and the related Prospectus; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-61601) relating to the Company's Pass Through Certificates for 2,500,000,000 and the related Prospectus; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-79827) relating to the Company's Debt Securities (Debt Shelf) and the related Prospectus; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-91765) relating to the Company's Pass Through Certificates for 1,500,000,000 and the related Prospectus; 
 
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-45834) relating to the Company's Pass Through Certificates for 1,700,000,000 and the related Prospectus. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Houston, Texas 
 February 2, 2001 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 41
 exhibit241.htm
 EXHIBIT 24.1

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ Thomas J. Barrack, Jr. 
 Printed Name: Thomas J. Barrack, Jr. 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ Gordon M. Bethune 
 Printed Name: Gordon M. Bethune 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ David Bonderman 
 Printed Name: David Bonderman 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ Gregory D. Brenneman 
 Printed Name: Gregory D. Brenneman 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ Kirbyjon Caldwell 
 Printed Name: Kirbyjon Caldwell 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ Patrick Foley 
 Printed Name: Patrick Foley 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ Lawrence W. Kellner 
 Printed Name: Lawrence W. Kellner 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ Chris Kenny 
 Printed Name: Chris Kenny 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ Douglas McCorkindale 
 Printed Name: Douglas McCorkindale 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ George G. C. Parker 
 Printed Name: George G. C. Parker 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ Richard W. Pogue 
 Printed Name: Richard W. Pogue 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ William S. Price III 
 Printed Name: William S. Price 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ Donald L. Sturm 
 Printed Name: Donald L. Sturm 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ Karen Hastie Williams 
 Printed Name: Karen Hastie Williams 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned, a director and/or officer of Continental Airlines, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby constitute and appoint Lawrence W. Kellner, Jeffery A. Smisek and Scott R. Peterson, or any of
them, as the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys in-fact and agents to (i) do any and all things in the undersigned's name and behalf in the undersigned's capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company, and to execute any and all instruments for
the undersigned and in the undersigned's name and capacity as a director and/or officer that such person or persons may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any rules, regulations or
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that certain shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 relating to the offering of those certain 6 Convertible Preferred Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities
("TIDES") of Continental Airlines Finance Trust II, the 6 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030 of the Company related thereto, the Preferred Securities Guarantee of the TIDES by the Company and the Class B Common Stock of the Company
issuable thereunder (the "Registration Statement"), including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for the undersigned in the capacity as a director and/or officer of the Company the Registration Statement, and any and all
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, and (ii) to execute in the name, place and stead of the undersigned
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (and any amendments thereto), to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as fully and effectively in all respects as the undersigned could
do if personally present. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney on and as of the date set forth below. 

Date: February 6, 2001 /s/ Charles A. Yamarone 
 Printed Name: Charles A. Yamarone 

</EX-24>

