<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20010330_10-K_edgar_data_946815_0001104659-01-500181.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>575998</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>253069</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>228302</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-01-500181.hdr.sgml : 20010402
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-01-500181
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20001231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MACKIE DESIGNS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000946815
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		IRS NUMBER:				911432133
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26524
		FILM NUMBER:		1587676

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16220 WOOD RED RD NE
		CITY:			WOODINVILLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98072
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4254874333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16220 WOOD RED ROAD NE
		CITY:			WOODINVILLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98072

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 VMkWHfMTuTuVJD6EDzptAvhVgU2j6HrC7ueWOu7nuHkYoyVLjsvMCVie+QjM+I67
 8+jth3r5JNho5X61Kdmp0w==

 0001104659-01-500181.txt : 20010402

10-K
 1
 j0213_form10k.htm

Prepared by MerrillDirect 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 (Mark One) 

[ X ] 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2000 

or 

[ ] 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [No Fee Required] 

For the transition period from __________to
__________ 

 Commission File Number: 0-26524 

MACKIE DESIGNS INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
 its charter) 

Washington 

91-1432133 

(State or other jurisdiction of
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

16220 Wood-Red Road, N.E., Woodinville,
 Washington 

98072 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

(425) 487-4333 

(Registrant's telephone number, including
 area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 

None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common Stock - no par value 

(Title of each class) 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
 X No __ 

 Indicate by
check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K. [ ] 

 As of March
7, 2001, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s Common Stock held by
nonaffiliates of the Registrant was 14,383,617 based on the closing sales
price of the Registrant s Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market. On that date, there were 12,372,358 shares
of Common Stock outstanding. 

 Portions of
the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2001 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. 

MACKIE DESIGNS INC. 

 FORM 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2000 

 INDEX 

Part I 

Item 1. 

Business 

Item 2. 

Properties 

Item 3. 

Legal
 Proceedings 

Item 4 . 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Securities Holders 

Part II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

Item
 6. 

Selected
 Financial Data 

Item 7. 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations 

Item 7a. 

Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Item 8. 

Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
 Financial Disclosure 

Part III 

Item 10. 

Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

Item
 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Part IV 

Item 14. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K 

Signatures 

PART I 

 Item 1. Business 

 Introduction 

 Mackie
Designs Inc. Mackie or the Company develops, manufactures, sells and
supports high quality, professional audio equipment. The Company s products are used in a wide
variety of sound applications including home and commercial recording studios,
multimedia and video production, compact disc, read-only memory CD-ROM authoring, live performances, and public address systems. The Company offers a range of products at
suggested retail prices of up to 14,000. 
The Company distributes its products in the U.S. through a network of
independent representatives to over 1,500 retail dealers of professional audio
equipment as well as over 500 installed sound contractors. Internationally, products are offered
through subsidiaries in Italy, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and China
and through local distributors in 70 other countries where the Company does not
have direct operations. 

 In June 1998,
the Company purchased Radio Cine Forniture (R.C.F.) S.p.A. RCF ), an Italian
corporation with principal offices in Reggio Emilia, Italy, and manufacturing
facilities located in northern and central Italy. In December 2000, the company name was changed from RCF to Mackie
Designs (Italy) S.p.A (Mackie Italy). 
Mackie Italy s principal activity is the manufacture of loudspeakers and
speaker components. Its products are
distributed throughout the world, and are well recognized for quality. Mackie Italy works in conjunction with the
Company in the development and manufacture of speaker products bearing the
 MACKIE. , RCF and EAW brands. 

 In April
2000, the Company acquired Eastern Acoustic Works, Inc. EAW ). EAW, based in Whitinsville, Massachusetts,
designs and manufactures loudspeaker systems, including integrated signal
processing targeted at the mid to high-end of the installed and touring sound
markets. In February 1999, EAW acquired
SIA Software Company, maker of SMAART-PRO acoustical measurement and
optimization software application. EAW
works in conjunction with the Company in the development and manufacture of
speaker products bearing the MACKIE. , RCF and EAW brands. 

 The
Company s primary products are analog and digital mixers, mixer-related
products, amplifiers, loudspeakers and loudspeaker components. A mixer serves as the central component of
any professional audio system by electronically blending, routing and enhancing
sound sources, such as voices, musical instruments, sound effects and audio
tape, video tape and other pre-recorded material. For example, using a mixer, a vocalist may be heard above the
accompaniment, background singers are combined, and individual instruments are
blended into the overall mix. The
musician or sound technician accomplishes this task by using the mixer controls
to adjust the relative volume of each sound source. 

 Audio mixers
are a necessary component of any recording system, whether the system is being
used to produce an audio tape, compact disc CD ), video soundtrack
or multimedia CD-ROM. A mixer is used
not only to balance sound inputs when recording initial tracks, but is also
often used to further process and edit the tracks prior to duplication and
distribution of the recording. Mixers
are used in recording applications by commercial and home studios, in film and
video post-production, in business presentations and teleconferencing, in the
production of television and radio programming and in multimedia productions
such as CD-ROM and on-line authoring. 

 Mixers are
also used to control relative audio levels in live presentations at locations
such as auditoriums, ballrooms, theaters and sports arenas. For example, a typical performing group uses
from four to 32 microphones and electronic inputs. Large concert tours and musical road productions often have 56 or
more sound inputs, which may include pre-recorded music and sound effects. Many churches use multiple microphones for
spoken word and music during their services. 

In late
1996, the Company introduced power amplifiers, its first line of products that
are not directly related to mixers. 
Power amplifiers are used to amplify the output signals from mixers to a
level sufficient to drive loudspeakers. 
Amplifiers are used with mixers and loudspeakers in a variety of
applications, such as private and touring sound reinforcement systems,
permanent industrial and commercial installations, recording studios, and
theatre/cinema and broadcast facilities. 
The power amplifier line is distributed through the same channels as
mixers. 

 In August
1997, the Company introduced powered monitor speakers. Powered monitors combine signal processing,
power amplifiers, and speakers in one cabinet housing. Enclosing an amplifier in the speaker
eliminates one step of the path the sound signal travels, reducing the chance
of altering the original signal. This
step is very important when recording with highly sensitive professional audio
equipment to accurately reproduce sound. 
The Company s powered monitors are used in conjunction with a mixer, and
are sold through existing mixer distribution channels. 

 During 1997,
the Company expanded its traditional market base with the introduction of
digital technologies. The Company s
first digital product, the Human User Interface HUI ), provides an interface
tool for digital audio workstations DAW ). 
This DAW interface targets the rapidly growing digital audio workstation
market, and was developed in conjunction with Digidesign, a division of Avid
Technology, Inc. DAWs are used in
video, film, multimedia and recording studios. 

 With the
acquisition of Mackie Italy in June 1998, the Company expanded its product line
into loudspeakers and speaker components. 
Mackie Italy manufactures raw speaker components used by third-party
speaker manufacturers. It also produces
several families of finished loudspeakers ready for the installed sound and
professional audio markets. Mackie
Italy also produces and sells video projectors and consumer products for car
and home use. 

 In July
1998, the Company began shipping the Digital 8 Bus digital mixing console D8B ). Like analog mixers, the D8B
blends, routes and enhances sound sources but does so with the added capability
of recalling all settings and automating them in real time. In addition, the D8B s open hardware and
software architecture allows the customer to configure the D8B to interface
with any type of device, analog or digital, and the D8B s internal sound
processing capabilities can be enhanced with third-party software
 plug-ins. Markets include recorded
sound, such as commercial and home studios, multimedia production, sound for
video games and film and video post-production. 

 During 1999,
the Mackie Industrial division was created to focus on the installed sound
market in the U.S. This market
encompasses installations in venues ranging in size from small caf s to
commercial buildings to nationwide chains. 
The extensive Mackie Industrial product line offers all of the
components required to design a complete sound system for virtually any
installed sound application. 

 With the
acquisition of EAW in April 2000, the Company continued its expansion into the
mid to high-end loudspeaker and speaker component markets. EAW designs and manufactures loudspeaker systems,
including integrated signal processing for the installed and touring sound
markets. EAW offers over 140 standard
products. EAW also continues to advance
the technology available to audio professionals with developments such as Close
Coupled Processing, Tuned Dipolar Arrays, Concentric Phase Aligned Arrays, the
Virtual Line Array and the new Phase PointSource Technology . Through the Acoustical Performance
Partnership Program, EAW works with acoustical consultants and systems
contractors to provide customized solutions for clients and audiences
worldwide. 

In November
2000, the Company began shipping its first digital recorder, the HDR24/96.
Every mixer sold to the recording market is connected to a recorder of some
sort making the HDR24/96 a natural product extension for the Company. The HDR24/96 is a 24-track, 24 bit recorder
with complete on-screen editing capabilities. Utilizing off-the-shelf computer
hardware controlled by the Mackie Real Time Operating System allows the
HDR24/96 to offer powerful recording and editing features at a very low price.
In addition, the Company is able to take advantage of falling prices and
increasing speed and capabilities generated by the computer industry. 

 Mackie was
incorporated in Washington in 1988. 
Mackie s executive offices and U.S. manufacturing facilities are located
at 16220 Wood-Red Road N.E., Woodinville, Washington 98072, and its telephone
number is (425) 487-4333. Mackie Italy,
formerly RCF, was incorporated in Italy in 1949 and its executive offices are
located at Via G. Ferraris, 2-42029, S. Maurizio, Reggio Emilia, Italy, and its
telephone number is 390 522 354111. The
Company s European service center is located at Uiverweg 6, 1118 DS Luchthaven
Schiphol, Netherlands, and its telephone number is (31) 20 654 40 00. EAW was incorporated in Massachusetts in
1978 and its executive offices and manufacturing facilities are located at 1
Main Street, Whitinsville, MA 01588, and its telephone number is (508) 234-6158. 

 MACKIE. ,
the running man figure, RCF , Artesuono , EAW and all of the names of the
Company s U.S. produced products are registered trademarks or common law
trademarks of the Company. To the
extent trademarks are unregistered, the Company is unaware of any conflicts
with trademarks owned by third parties. 
This document also contains names and marks of other companies. 

 Products 

 The Company
currently offers professional audio equipment in numerous product categories
including: Compact mixers, CFX compact mixers with effects, PPM powered mixers,
FR Series amplifiers, 8 Bus consoles, SR Series mixers, digital consoles, other
digital automation systems, hard disk recorders, studio monitors, active and
passive loudspeakers, loudspeaker components, and contractor products. 

 Compact Mixers . Compact mixers were
the Company s first products and can be used as desk-top mixers or mounted in
19-inch equipment racks, which are the standard housings for professional audio
and video components. The Company
offers four basic compact mixers: the 1202 VLZ PRO, the 1402 VLZ PRO, the 1604
VLZ PRO, and the 1642 VLZ PRO. The
current VLZ PRO version also includes the Company s state-of-the-art XDR mic
preamps. Applications for the Company s
compact mixers include recording and project studios, live music performances,
audio/visual presentations, broadcast, video post-production and
multi-media. Suggested retail prices
for these mixers are from 459 to 1,249. 

 CFX Series. The Company
began shipping a new line of mixers, the CFX series, in 1999. CFX mixers are intended for the amateur and
semi-pro customer as well as audio/visual and rental dealers. They utilize the same technologies as the
compact mixers and include 16 on-board effects and a 9-band stereo graphic
equalizer. The Company s EMAC effects
circuitry digitally processes audio at 32 bits for superior audio quality and
control. Three models are available
with 12, 16 or 20 channels and suggested retail pricing ranges from 699 to
 1099. 

 PPM Series. In the first
quarter of 1999, the Company began shipping professional-quality powered
mixers. These products combine the
Company s compact mixer technology with its FR Series amplifier technology to
provide the customer with an economical alternative to separate
components. Each of the five models
features VLZ circuitry, EMAC digital effects processing, two 9-band graphic
equalizers, and dual FR high-current, fast recovery amplifiers. The 808S stereo model and the 808M mono
model both feature dual 600W amplifiers and eight input channels. The 408S
stereo model and the 408M stereo model both feature dual 250W amplifiers and
eight input channels. The 406M mono
model features dual 250W amplifiers and six input channels. Suggested retail prices range from 699 to
 999. 

Fast Recovery Series Power Amplifier. The Company s FR Series power amplifiers
are the Company s first non-mixer related products and became available in
December 1996 with the introduction of the M1200, which was later upgraded in
1998 to the M1400 and M1400i models currently at a suggested retail price of
 699. These three models, plus the M2600, introduced in 1998 at a suggested
retail price of 1,199, are designed to keep sound quality intact when pushed
to extreme levels through the use of exclusive fast recovery (FR) circuitry. The FR Series power amps are targeted at
live sound reinforcement applications for touring companies, theaters, concert
halls, clubs, churches, DJ, and installed contractor markets. During 1999 the
Company introduced the M 800 power amplifier, with a suggested retail price of
 549, bringing the Company s power amp family to four available models. 

 8 Bus Series. The 8 Bus is a larger mixer console designed
for multi-track recording and live presentation applications. The Company introduced 8 Bus mixers in
1993. At suggested retail prices from
 2,500 to 4,200, the 8 Bus consoles have opened the market to many new users
and replaced many large systems offered by competitors that typically cost over
 50,000. The console is available in
three basic models: the 32-channel 32 8, the 24-channel 24 8 and the 16-channel
16 8. The 8 Bus console s applications
include pre-production and recording of albums for major artists and groups,
on-line video production, movie soundtrack mixdown, television dialog editing,
onstage mixing and live sound reinforcement used by touring musical groups,
theaters, concert halls, clubs and churches. 

 SR Series. The SR (Sound Reinforcement) Series are high
quality low cost audio mixers for live performance and play back applications. The first product in this line, the SR 24 4,
a 24-channel small format utility mixer, was introduced in May 1995, followed
by the SR 32 4, a 32-channel version, in August 1995. These have manufacturer suggested retail prices (MSRP) of 1,599
and 1,999 respectively. In December
1996, the Company introduced the SR40 8, a 40-channel large-format sound
reinforcement console followed in March 1998, by the SR56 8, a 56-channel
version. The MSRP s of the SR40 8 and
SR56 8 are 9,995 and 13,595, respectively. 

 The SR 24 4
and 32 4 series mixers are targeted at bands and other touring musical groups,
audio/video rental services and permanent sound reinforcement venues, including
churches, clubs, small theatres and auditoriums. These units routinely serve double duty in end users live
portable systems and in their home recording studios since they include
features necessary for use with multi-track digital recorders. The SR40 8 and SR56 8 large-format consoles
are intended for use in regional touring systems and for use as installed
equipment in venues such as churches, auditoriums, music clubs or sporting
facilities. 

 Digital Consoles. In July 1998, the Company entered the
digital mixer market with the Digital 8 Bus production and post-production console D8B ). With a suggested retail price
of 9,999, the D8B has opened the high-end production and post-production
market to many new users at the professional and semi-professional level. At the heart of the D8B is an Intel Celeron 
microprocessor running Mackie Real Time Operating System , the Company s own
operating system. The D8B features 48
input channels, 24 internal and virtual channels, 8 mix buses and 12 auxiliary
buses used for effects processing and monitoring. Each input channel includes user-configurable 4-band digital
equalization, dynamics processing, routing to internal effects processors and
surround panning capabilities. The D8B
has 25 precision motorized faders to instantly recall mix settings and allow
for dynamic automation of mix levels. 
Rear panel card slots allow the addition of up to four DSP (Digital
Signal Processing) cards that can run third-party signal processing software
capable of providing up to 16 different effects at once. Strategic partnerships with software suppliers
offer the customer a growing library of effects programs from which to
choose. The D8B s external Power
Supply/CPU unit contains card slots for synchronizing the console to other
digital devices, linking multiple consoles, connecting consoles to a LAN (Local
Area Network) and transferring files from one console to another. 

 Other Digital Automation Systems. The
Company s other digital automation systems include the UltraMix Universal
Automation System and the Human User Interface HUI ). 

Digital
audio workstations DAWs are used in commercial, project and home recording
studios, and multimedia authoring such as video production, commercials, and
other uses that combine visual and sound effects. HUI was developed in
conjunction with Digidesign, a world leader in the DAW market. HUI is a hands-on control surface that
enhances DAW-user productivity with tactile controls and visual displays for
mixing and editing functions that were previously controlled by conventional
computer controls. HUI, which retails
for approximately 3,500, replaces a mouse with a control surface similar to a
mixer. The DAW market includes
multimedia, film, video, and recording studio professionals. 

 Hard Disk Recorder/Editors. In November 2000, The Company delivered its
first audio recorder. A natural
extension of the Company s line of recording products, the HDR24/96 features 24
tracks of 24-bit digital audio recording on internal and external hard disk
drives. The HDR24/96 is designed to
serve the music production, broadcast and post-production markets. Priced at approximately 5,000, the HDR24/96
provides the recording and editing functions of computer-based digital audio
workstations at a substantially lower cost, and no computer is needed. An Intel Celeron microprocessor running
Mackie Real Time Operating System manages all recording and editing
functions. The built-in ATI Rage Pro 
graphics card supports powerful graphical editing of waveforms and track data
with no additional computer needed. 
Editing features include cut, copy and paste of audio tracks, track
trim, loop and fade. Volume envelopes
can be added to any track, effectively automating any mixing console to which
the HDR24/96 is attached. Mackie Media 
removable hard drives store recording projects as a traditional recorder would
use tape. 20Gb fixed drives and 2.2 Gb Orb Drives are the current Mackie Media
options, each at a suggested retail price of 299. The Remote 24, which serves as a remote control device for the
HDR 24/96 is available for professional installations at a suggested retail
price of 299. 

 Powered monitor speakers . Powered monitors
are an essential tool in accurate sound reproduction, and are used in
conjunction with mixer products. 
Powered monitors pre-process sound through equalization and cross-overs,
accurately amplify, then deliver a signal that is perfectly matched to the
speaker components. The Company
introduced its first monitor, the HR824 active near-field studio monitor, in
August 1997. Priced at approximately
 1,500 a pair, HR824's are primarily designed for studio recording with limited
space. These powered monitors are
currently being used in a wide variety of applications including home and
professional studio recording, video post-production, broadcast post-production,
and home stereos. 

 Speakers. In 1999 the Company introduced its first
sound reinforcement speaker, the SRM450, an active, 12 2-way horn-loaded
speaker in a lightweight polystyrene enclosure, at a suggested retail price of
 899. The C300, at a suggested retail price of 499, is the 12 2-way passive
version of the SRM450, and is designed for use with the PPM Series powered
mixers. This speaker features the same
lightweight polystyrene enclosure for easy portability and speaker configuration,
but does not feature power amps or active technology. 

 In 2000, the
Company introduced three major new speakers as well as one new speaker family
in this category. The SRS1500 is a 15 active subwoofer currently offered at a
suggested retail price of 899. This
unit was designed for use with the SRM450, but works well with other full-range
speakers. The SR1530 is the world s
first active 3-way speaker currently offered at a suggested retail of
 1,199. The S500 is a 15 passive 2-way
speaker designed for use with Mackie powered mixers currently offered at a
suggested retail price of 649. The
Fussion Series speaker family currently consists of two products. The Fussion
3000, which has a suggested retail price of 4,999, is a high-output, 3-way,
medium-throw, active speaker system. It
features high-precision transducers combined with application-specific
amplifier technology that allows this integrated system to generate high output
levels with very low distortion characteristics. The Fussion 1800SA and 1800S, which have a suggested retail price
of 2,999 and 1,249 respectively, is an extreme output, active subwoofer
system featuring high-precision 18-inch transducers combined with
application-specific amplifier technology. 
The system is composed of two subwoofer cabinets: the 1800SA, which contains a single 18-inch
woofer and the active electronics, and the 1800S, a single 18-inch woofer
cabinet that functions as a passive unit. 

 RCF Precision Components. Mackie Italy manufactures loudspeaker components. These components are sold on an OEM basis
to
customers throughout the world who use them in their own branded
loudspeakers. RCF Precision components
are found in some of the best performing speakers in the world. These speakers can be heard in many large
touring sound systems as well as stadiums, auditoriums, exhibit halls,
theatres, concert halls, clubs and churches. 

Professional Speakers. Mackie Italy
also makes many families of finished loudspeakers, which are marketed under the
RCF brand name. These loudspeakers are
sold both in the traditional passive format, meaning that amplification must be
provided, and more recently in the active format, meaning that the amplifier is
built into the loudspeaker. Mackie
Italy introduced its Art Series of loudspeakers in 1997. The Art Series includes active and passive
speakers in a molded plastic enclosure. 

 Contractor Products. For 50 years
RCF, now Mackie Italy, has produced and sold a large range of commercial
products to sound reinforcement contractors who use the products to install
public address systems throughout the world. 
The products are used in everything from life safety systems to
background and foreground music systems. 
The products produced and sold to sound contractors include speakers,
amplifiers and mixers. Mackie Italy
leads the Italian market for contractor products and has begun expanding into
other European markets where it is quickly gaining acceptance. 

 Consumer Products . Mackie Italy also produces and sells video
projectors and consumer products for car and home use. 

 Portable Sound Reinforcement. In 1985, EAW introduced the KF850 three-way,
horn-loaded loudspeaker array system, which rapidly became the most popular
concert touring loudspeaker in the world. 
The EAW product line now offers over 40 products specifically engineered
to meet the needs of portable sound reinforcement. 

 Installed Sound. In 1989, EAW s success with the then-new
baseball stadium in Anaheim, CA launched its entry into the world of
permanently installed sound reinforcement. 
Since then, EAW loudspeaker systems have been installed in thousands of
large and small venues around the world. 
Today, EAW s Phased PointSource Technology represents audio s cutting
edge for the largest outdoor stadiums. 

 Cinema Market. In 1995, EAW entered the cinema market by
creating a group of loudspeaker systems specifically engineered to meet the
needs of reproducing cinema s digitally encoded soundtracks. Since THX first approved three-way
loudspeaker for use in THX-certified theaters, EAW has become the world s
leading supplier of three-way screen-channel cinema loudspeaker systems. 

 Distribution and Sales 

 In the U.S., the Company uses a network of
representatives to sell to over 1,500 retail dealers and 500 installed sound
contractors, some of which have several outlets. The Company s products are sold in musical instrument stores, pro
audio outlets and several mail order outlets. 
The Company's top 10 dealers represented approximately 32 , 37 and 34 
of the Company s net sales in the U.S. in 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively. The Company has one
dealer, Guitar Center, that accounted for approximately 13 , 13 and 14 of
domestic net sales in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. No other dealer accounted for more than 10 
of domestic net sales in this period. 

 The Company
carefully selects and reviews its representatives and dealers, including mail
order outlets. Representatives and
domestic dealers enter into agreements with the Company that govern the terms
under which they may sell the Company s products. Agreements with dealers and distributors define an approved
territory and set forth the products to be sold. These agreements are reviewed on a six-month basis, and decisions
to renew are based on several factors, including sales performance and adequate
representation of the Company and its products. The Company s representatives are paid on a commission
basis. Dealers retain the difference
between their cost and the sale price of products sold. 

Internationally,
products are offered through subsidiaries in Europe and China and through local
distributors in 70 other countries where the Company does not have direct
operations. The Company's top 10 international distributors represented
approximately 18 , 16 , and 39 of the Company s international net sales in
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. No
single international distributor accounted for more than 10 of international
net sales in this period. Sales to
customers outside of the U.S. accounted for approximately 44 , 49 , and 43 of
the Company s net sales in 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively . 

 International
distributors are selected on the basis of criteria established by the
Company. International distributors
retain the difference between their cost and the sale price of products
sold. Through the acquisition of Mackie
Italy, the Company now has direct sales offices in the United Kingdom, France,
Italy, Germany and China. 

 Marketing 

 The
Company s marketing strategy is designed to communicate with end-users directly
and to educate them about its products. 
The Company s in-house marketing and design department creates all of
its advertising, brochures, video, multimedia and trade show materials. Additionally, the Company s websites are
developed and maintained in-house to provide timely and accurate product and
support information. Materials are
provided by its marketing department to representatives, distributors and
dealers worldwide, as part of the Company s overall sales strategy. Owner s manuals and sales literature are
currently produced in several different languages. These materials are provided as a complement to the Company s
direct advertising and customer support follow-up program. To further enhance customer awareness and
understanding of its products, the Company advertises in leading trade
publications, provides ongoing technical training and education for
representatives and distributors, and participates in the primary industry
trade shows for the musical instrument, video, recording studio, permanent
installation and multimedia markets. 
The Company has won several national advertisement awards as a result of
this commitment to detail and excellence. 

 Customer Support 

 The
Company s customer support program is designed to enhance loyalty by building
customer understanding of product use and capabilities. The customer service and support operation
also provides the Company with a means of understanding customer requirements
for future product enhancements. This
understanding comes through direct customer contact, as well as through close
analysis of responses to various product registration surveys. 

 The Company
maintains a staff of product support specialists at its Woodinville, Washington
headquarters to provide direct technical service and support. Telephone support through a toll-free number
is provided during scheduled business hours, and via the Company s website
after business hours. 

 The Company
also relies on its international distributors to support its products in
countries where the Company does not have its own offices. These distributors are responsible for
warranty repairs and for the costs of carrying inventory required to meet
customer needs. 

 Service and
repairs on the Company s products sold in the U.S. are performed at its
Woodinville, Washington and Whitinsville, Massachusetts sites, and for certain
specialized products, at approximately 100 authorized warranty service centers
located throughout the U.S. Multiple
locations are necessary for customer convenience and to minimize shipping
costs. The Company s international
distributors service all products shipped outside of the U.S., except to
countries where the Company has its own offices. 

 In 2000, a
customer support and service operation was put in place in Amsterdam,
Netherlands to provide more direct service and support for the customers
throughout Europe. 

Mackie Italy
has a separate technical assistance staff in Italy. They interact directly with customers and service centers that
service Mackie Italy products. This
technical support is provided free of charge. 
Mackie Italy offers a standard 1 year warranty on all of its products
when it sells directly to the end user. 
When it sells through independent distributors, the distributors are
responsible for warranty repairs. 

 Research and Development 

 The
Company s research and development strategy is to develop affordable,
high-quality products and related accessories for its targeted markets. On December 31, 2000, the Company s research
and development staff consisted of 95 individuals. The Company s research and development expenses were
approximately 9.4 million in 2000, 7.1 million in 1999, and 5.1 million in
1998. 

 Competition 

 The market
for professional audio systems in general is highly competitive. The Company must compete with a number of
professional audio manufacturers, several of whom have significantly greater
development, sales, and financial resources than the Company. The Company s major competitors in the mixer
market are subsidiaries of Harman International Industries, Inc. (including
Soundcraft, Spirit by Soundcraft and Allen Heath), Yamaha Corporation,
Peavey Electronics Corporation, Teac America, Inc. (Tascam), SoundTracs PLC and
Behringer Spezielle Studiotechnik GmbH. 
Competitors in the power amplifier market include Peavey Electronics
Corporation (including Crest Audio, Inc.), Crown International and QSC Audio
Products, Inc. Competing studio monitor
loudspeaker manufacturers include Genelec, Inc., Event Electronics LLC, Alesis
Corporation and JBL (a Harman International Industries, Inc. subsidiary). Competing stage loudspeaker system
manufacturers include JBL, Peavey Electronics Corporation and Electro-Voice. Competitors in the component speaker market
include JBL, Eminence Speaker Corporation, Acustica Beyma S.A. and B C
Speakers S.p.A. Competitors in the
commercial sound products category include JBL, Bose Corporation and TOA
Corporation. Competing installed sound
loudspeaker system manufacturers include JBL, Electro-Voice, Community
Professional Loudspeakers and Renkus-Heinz. 
Competitors in the touring sound loudspeaker system category include
JBL, L-Acoustics, Meyer Sound Laboratories and Nexo. 

 The Company
competes primarily on the basis of product quality and reliability, price, ease
of use, brand name recognition and reputation, ability to meet customers'
changing requirements and customer service and support. However, despite the Company s investment in
research and development, there can be no assurance that the Company will be
successful in developing and marketing, on a timely basis, product
modifications or enhancements or new products that respond effectively to
technological advances by others. 

Proprietary Technology 

 The Company
has a strong interest in protecting the intellectual property assets of the
Company that reflect original research, creative development, and product
development. As such, the Company has
sought protection through patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade
secrets. The Company has applied and
filed for various design and utility patents, both domestically and
internationally. The Company has
actively used certain trademarks, and has applied for and registered specific
trademarks in the U.S. and in foreign countries. To protect works of original authorship, the Company asserts
copyright protection. 

 Along with
extensive trademark and patent registration and filings, the Company has
claimed copyright protection for works of original authorship, including
product brochures, literature, advertisement, and web pages. In certain cases, the Company has filed and
will continue to file for copyright registration in the U.S. While copyrights provide certain legal rights
of enforceability, there can be no assurance as to the ability to successfully
prevent others from infringing upon the Company s copyrights. 

The Company
has never conducted a comprehensive patent search relating to the technology
used in its products. The Company
believes that its products do not infringe upon the proprietary rights of
others. There can be no assurance,
however, that others will not assert infringement claims against the Company in
the future or that claims will not be successful. 

 While Mackie
pursues patent, trademark and copyright protection for products and various
marks, it also relies on trade secrets, know-how and continuing technology
advancement, manufacturing capabilities, affordable, high-quality products,
brand name recognition, new product introduction and direct marketing efforts
to develop and maintain its competitive position. Mackie s policy is to have each employee enter into an agreement
that contains provisions prohibiting the disclosure of confidential information
to anyone outside the Company and to recognize the Company s ownership of intellectual
property developed by employees. 
Consulting contracts generally provide for the protection of the
Company s intellectual property and the requirement of confidentiality. There can be no assurance, however, that
these confidentiality agreements will be honored or that the Company can
effectively protect its rights to its unpatented trade secrets. Moreover, there can be no assurance that
others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary
information and techniques or otherwise gain access to the Company s trade
secrets. EAW pursues patent, trademark
and copyright protection for several of its processes, as well as for its
products. By contrast, Mackie Italy has
traditionally not sought patent protection for its products. Similarly, Mackie Italy has not pursued
trademark or copyright protection except for the name RCF . 

 Manufacturing 

 The Company
manufactures its products in its facilities in Woodinville, Washington;
Whitinsville, Massachusetts; and central and northern Italy. Each facility is focused on core
manufacturing technologies as follows: 
electronics, loudspeakers and loudspeaker systems, and transducers,
respectively. In addition, the
facilities work together as part of the supply chain to provide integrated products
to the market. Many of the Company s
products share many components, which allows for integrated manufacturing of
several distinct products and in certain cases significant part purchase volume
discounts. Much of the Company s
circuit card assembly is aided by automated assembly equipment. 

 The Company
relies almost exclusively on one vendor for its potentiometers and certain of
its integrated circuits but is in contact with other manufacturers of these
items regularly. These items are
critical components in certain of the Company's products. Interruption in, or cessation of, the supply
of these components from these suppliers could adversely affect the Company s
production capability, as the qualification process for another manufacturer,
from sample submission to production quality and quantity delivery, could take
several months. The Company has an
approximate three month supply of potentiometers and one month supply of these
specific integrated circuits on hand at any given time which would serve to
reduce any potential disruption. 

 Backlog 

 The Company
does not generally track backlog. 
Typically, orders are shipped within two weeks after receipt. In the case of new product introductions or
periods where product demand exceeds production capacity, the Company allocates
products to customers on a monthly basis until demand is met. 

 Employees 

 At December
31, 2000, the Company and its subsidiaries had 1,452 full-time equivalent
employees, including 166 in marketing, sales and customer support, 95 in
research and development, 1,105 in manufacturing and manufacturing support
(which includes manufacturing engineering) and 86 in administration and
finance. Approximately 144 of Mackie
Italy s employees in Italy are represented by a labor union. The Company believes relations with all
employees, union and non-union, are favorable. 

Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future
Results 

 The
following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report
should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are
not exhaustive. There may be additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that the Company
currently deems immaterial which may impact the Company s business
operations. If any of the following
risks occur, the Company s business, financial condition, operating results and
cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

 Development, Introduction and Shipment of New
Products. The Company
currently is developing new analog and digital mixers, recording devices,
amplifiers and loudspeakers and loudspeaker components. Significant resource, technological,
supplier, manufacturing or other problems may delay the development,
introduction or manufacture of these products. 

 In the past,
when the Company s sales have been affected by delays in developing and
releasing new products, some customers waited for the Company s new products,
while others purchased products from the Company s competitors. Delays in the completion and shipment of new
products, or failure of customers to accept new products, may affect future
results. 

 Variability in Quarterly Operating Results. The
Company s operating results tend to vary from quarter to quarter. The Company s revenue in each quarter is
substantially dependent on orders received within that quarter. Conversely, the Company s expenditures are
based on investment plans and estimates of future revenues. The Company may, therefore, be unable to
quickly reduce spending if revenues decline in a given quarter. As a result, operating results for that
quarter will suffer. The Company s
results of operations for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of
results for any future period. 

 Other
factors which may cause the Company s quarterly results to fluctuate include: 

 increased competition in the Company s
niche markets 

 timing
of new product announcements 

 product
releases and pricing changes by the Company or its competitors 

 market
acceptance or delays in the introduction of new products 

 production
constraints 

 the
timing of significant orders 

 customers 
budgets 

 foreign
currency exchange rates 

 Due to all
of the foregoing factors, it is possible that in some future quarters the
Company s operating results will be below the expectations of analysts and
investors. 

 Rapid Technological Change. Product technology in certain of the
Company s industries evolves rapidly, making timely product innovation
essential to success in the marketplace. 
The introduction of products with improved technologies or features may
render the Company s existing products obsolete and unmarketable. If the Company cannot develop products in a
timely manner in response to industry changes, or if the Company s products do
not perform well, the Company s business and financial condition will be
adversely affected. Also, the Company s
new products may contain defects or errors which give rise to product liability
claims against the Company or cause them to fail to gain market acceptance. 

 Economic and Market Conditions. The Company s business is affected by
domestic and global economic conditions and by the health of the professional
audio market in the world. The
Company s operations may in the future reflect substantial fluctuations from
period to period as a consequence of such general economic and market
conditions. These factors could have a
material adverse effect on the Company s business and financial condition. 

Competition. The Company expects competition to increase
from both established and emerging companies. 
If the Company fails to compete successfully against current and future
sources of competition, the Company s profitability and financial performance
may be adversely affected. 

 Dependence on Suppliers. Certain parts used in the Company s products
are currently available from either a single supplier or from a limited number
of suppliers. If the Company cannot
develop alternative sources of these components, or if the Company experiences
deterioration in its relationship with these suppliers, there may be delays or
reductions in product introductions or shipments, which may materially
adversely affect the Company s operating results. 

 Because the
Company relies on a small number of suppliers for certain parts, the Company is
subject to possible price increases by these suppliers. Also, the Company may be unable to
accurately forecast its production schedule. 
If the Company underestimates its production schedule, suppliers may be
unable to meet the Company s demand for components. This delay in the supply of key components may materially
adversely affect the Company s business. 

 International Operations. International sales represented
approximately 44 of the Company s net sales for the year ended December 31,
2000. The Company expects that international
sales will continue to be a significant portion of its revenue. International sales may fluctuate due to
various factors, including: 

 unexpected
changes in regulatory requirements 

 tariffs
and taxes 

 difficulties
in staffing and managing foreign operations 

 longer
average payment cycles and difficulty in collecting accounts receivable 

 fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates 

 product
safety and other certification requirements 

 political
and economic instability 

 The European
Community and European Free Trade Association have established certain
electronic emission and product safety requirements CE ). All of the Company s new products meet these
requirements. Failure to obtain either a CE certification or a waiver for any
product may prevent the Company from marketing that product in Europe. 

 The Company
operates subsidiaries in Italy, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, the
Netherlands and China. The Company s
business and financial condition is, therefore, sensitive to currency exchange
rates or any other restrictions imposed on these currencies. 

 Protection of Intellectual Property. Refer to the section captioned Proprietary
Technology in Item 1 above. 

 Acquisitions and Business Combinations. In April 2000, the Company acquired EAW, a
manufacturer of mid to high-end loudspeakers and loudspeaker systems. This strategic acquisition was made to
expand the Company s product line and manufacturing capabilities. The Company continues to integrate product
offerings. Integration of the products
and operations may place significant burdens on the Company s management and
operating teams, and may divert management s attention from its other business
concerns. If the Company fails to integrate
its products and operations, the Company s business and financial condition may
suffer. 

In January
2001, the Company signed an agreement with Sydec NV Sydec for the
purchase of all of the shares of Sydec. 
Based in Belgium, Sydec is recognized as a leading developer of products
and services in the area of embedded electronics software, networking,
digital signal processing and Windows 
95/98/NT/2000 driver application development. The transaction is expected to close in early April 2001. The
Company will face the same product integration issues in 2001 related to Sydec
that are noted above for EAW. 

 The Company
may pursue additional acquisitions of complementary technologies, product lines
or businesses. Further acquisitions may
include risks like those involved in the Company s acquisition of Mackie Italy
and EAW, as well as risks of entering markets where the Company has no or
limited prior experience, the potential loss of key employees of the acquired
company, and impairment of relationships with existing employees, customers and
business partners. Further acquisitions
may also impact the Company s financial position. For example, the Company may use significant cash or incur
additional debt, which would weaken the Company s financial position. Goodwill and intangible assets acquired will
be amortized to expense in the future, which may reduce the Company s
profitability. 

 The Company
cannot guarantee that future acquisitions will improve the Company s business
or operating results. 

 Dependence on Key Personnel. The Company s future success will depend in
a large part on the continued service of many of its technical, marketing,
sales and management personnel and on its ability to attract, train, motivate
and retain highly qualified employees. 
The Company s employees may voluntarily terminate their employment with
the Company at any time. Competition
for highly qualified employees is intense, and the process of locating
technical, marketing, sales and management personnel with the combination of
skills and attributes required to execute the Company s strategy is often
lengthy. The Company believes that it
will need to hire additional technical personnel in order to enhance its
existing products and to develop new products. 
If the Company is unable to hire additional technical personnel, the
development of new products and enhancements could likely be delayed. The loss of the services of key personnel or
the inability to attract new personnel could have a material adverse effect upon
the Company s results of operations. 

 Risk of Euro Non-compliance. Refer to the section captioned Euro
Conversion in Item 7 below. 

 Item 2. Properties 

 The
Company s headquarters in Woodinville, Washington house its manufacturing,
administrative, sales and marketing, research and development and customer
support operations. The building, which
is occupied pursuant to a lease through December 31, 2004, is an 89,000 square
foot manufacturing and office facility. 
The monthly rent stated in the lease is 56,613, adjusted annually for
changes in the Consumer Price Index (monthly rent expense in 2000 was
 63,587). Mackie leases its facility
from Mackie Holdings, LLC, an entity owned by three significant shareholders
and directors of the Company, on terms the Company believes are at least as
favorable to the Company as might have been obtained from unaffiliated parties. 

 In November
1995, Mackie entered into a 10-year lease, with an option to extend for an
additional 10 years, covering property that is adjacent to Mackie s existing
facility. The building is approximately
81,250 square feet. Mackie is using the
building for product shipping, additional vertical integration of manufacturing
processes and other manufacturing activities. 
Initial base monthly rent for the entire building is 43,063; after five
years, the base rent increases to 49,563 per month. 

 Mackie
Italy's primary facilities in Reggio Emilia, Italy comprise a manufacturing
facility totaling 119,000 square feet on a total site of 7 acres and a building
for administrative offices of 13,000 square feet. Both facilities are owned by Mackie Italy. 

The
Company s European service center is located in The Netherlands in a 1,234
square foot facility. The Company
intends to consolidate service activities for Europe at this facility. The building is occupied pursuant to a lease
dated February 2000, for a period of ten years with a termination period of
twelve months. 

 EAW s entire
operation is housed in a leased facility in Whitinsville, Massachusetts. A series of ten buildings, nine of which are
connected in a manufacturing complex, utilize a total of 245,000 square feet.
The current lease, originally dated March 1, 1996 and amended several times,
expires in February 2003. The monthly
rent is currently 50,023. 

 The Company
believes its existing facilities will be adequate to meet its requirements for
at least the next fiscal year. 

 Item 3. 
Legal Proceedings 

 EAW has
subrogated claims asserted against it from insurance companies who paid claims
made by EAW s landlord and other tenants in the building who were affected by a
fire started by a loaned employee in a portion of the building occupied by EAW
in 1996. The insurance company for the
landlord alleges that EAW is liable for up to 2.1 million for damages to the
building. The Company believes that
these losses are not attributable to it under Massachusetts law. The Company is vigorously defending these
claims. The claims of the other tenants
have been covered by EAW s insurance carrier. 
The ultimate resolution of this matter is not known at this time. No provision has been made in the Company s
consolidated financial statements related to these claims. 

 The Company
is also involved in various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the
ordinary course of business. Management
currently believes that these matters will not have a material adverse impact
on the Company s financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 

 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of
Securities Holders 

 None. 

 PART II 

 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity and
Related Stockholder Matters 

 The
Company s Common Stock is traded on the NASDAQ National Market System under the
symbol MKIE . The following table sets
forth the high and low sale prices as reported on NASDAQ for the periods indicated. These prices do not include retail markups,
markdowns or commissions. 

Common Stock 

HIGH 

LOW 

Year Ended December 31, 1999: 

First Quarter 

6.88 

4.25 

Second Quarter 

6.38 

4.25 

Third Quarter 

5.00 

4.25 

Fourth Quarter 

6.50 

3.75 

Year Ended December 31, 2000: 

First Quarter 

7.31 

5.00 

Second Quarter 

7.06 

5.50 

Third Quarter 

8.50 

6.50 

Fourth Quarter 

7.81 

5.00 

As of March
7, 2001, there were 12,377,358 shares of Common Stock outstanding held by
approximately 95 holders of record. The
number of holders does not include individual participants in security position
listings. 

 The Company
has never paid dividends on its common stock. 
The Company s present policy is to retain earnings to finance the
Company s business. Any future
dividends will be dependent upon the Company s financial condition, results of
operations, current and anticipated cash requirements, acquisition plans and
plans for expansion, and any other factors that the Company s Board of
Directors deems relevant. Under its
bank loan agreement, the Company is prohibited from paying any dividends
without prior approval from the bank. 
The Company has no present intention of paying dividends on its common
stock in the foreseeable future. 

Item 6. 
Selected Financial Data 

 (in
thousands, except per share data) 

2000 
 (a) 

1999 

1998 
 (b) 

1997 

1996 

Statement of Income
 Data 

Net
 Sales (c) 

207,476 

156,340 

104,154 

76,582 

74,806 

Gross
 Profit (c) 

72,827 

54,202 

38,271 

29,642 

29,678 

Operating
 Expenses (c) 

57,856 

46,026 

29,856 

20,671 

17,784 

Net
 Income 

6,226 

3,257 

5,581 

5,537 

7,421 

December 31, 

Balance Sheet Data 

2000 

1999 

1998 

1997 

1996 

Working
 Capital 

42,138 

37,258 

35,784 

35,956 

32,020 

Total
 Assets 

165,198 

120,854 

118,890 

53,372 

46,256 

Long-Term
 Debt 

29,970 

15,665 

18,984 

0 

0 

Shareholders 
 Equity 

57,770 

50,307 

49,569 

46,478 

42,283 

Per Common Share
 Data (Diluted Basis) 

Diluted
 Net Income Per Share 

0.49 

0.27 

0.43 

0.41 

0.55 

Shares
 Used In Diluted Net Income Per Share 

12,782 

12,265 

12,945 

13,401 

13,611 

(a) 

Includes financial data and results of
 operations of EAW from April 1, 2000. 

(b) 

Includes financial data of Mackie Italy,
 which was acquired June 29, 1998. 
 Results of operations for Mackie Italy are included from July 1, 1998. 

(c) 

Amounts have been reclassified to conform
 with the adoption of Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 00-10,
 Accounting for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs . 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 General 

 This Annual
Report on Form 10-K and other reports incorporated by reference contain
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the Act ). 
Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement
that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance, or
achievements, and may contain the words believe, anticipate, expect, 
 estimate, project, will be, will continue, will likely result, or
words or phrases of similar meaning. 
Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which may
cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. 

 The
following discussions, including but not limited to, the sections entitled
 Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results and
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, describe some, but not all, of the factors that could
cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking
statements. These factors include,
among others, the following: international, national and local general economic
and market conditions; the size and growth of the professional audio equipment
market; competition with other marketers, distributors and sellers of
professional audio equipment; the Company's ability to develop and introduce
new products; the Company's ability to sustain, manage or forecast its growth
and inventories; the Company's ability to integrate the operations of companies
acquired; the Company's ability to secure and protect trademarks, patents, and
other intellectual property; the performance and reliability of the Company's
products; customer service; the loss of significant customers or suppliers;
dependence on distributors; management of increased costs of freight and
transportation; the Company's ability to meet delivery deadlines; general risks
associated with doing business in foreign countries, including, without
limitation, import duties, tariffs, foreign currency fluctuations, and
political and economic instability; changes in government regulations; its
ability to attract and retain qualified employees; liability and other claims
asserted against the Company; and other factors referenced or incorporated by
reference in this report and other reports. 

 The risks
included above are not exhaustive. The Company operates in a very competitive
environment and new risk factors may emerge from time to time. Management
cannot predict all such risk factors, nor can it assess the impact of all such
risk factors on the Company's business or the extent to which any factor, or
combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from
those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and
uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements as a prediction of actual results. 

 The Company
derives its operating revenue from worldwide sales of digital and analog audio
mixers, speakers, amplifiers and other professional audio equipment. A significant portion of the Company s total
sales is to customers outside the U.S. 
International sales volumes have historically been affected by foreign
currency fluctuations relative to the U.S. Dollar. When weaknesses of local currencies have made the Company's
products more expensive, sales to those countries have declined. 

 The
Company's gross margins are also affected by its international sales. Typically, gross margins from products
exported by Mackie are lower than from those sold in the U.S. due to discounts
offered to its international distributors. 
Mackie Italy does not offer discounts to its distributors. The discounts offered by Mackie are given
because the international distributors typically incur certain expenses,
including technical support, product service and in-country advertising that
the Company normally incurs for domestic sales. The Company offered its international distributors a
weighted-average discount of approximately 5.9 in 2000, 4.5 in 1999, and
10.1 in 1998. The increase in
discounts in 2000 relates to higher international discounts granted by EAW. The decrease in discounts in 1999 is
attributable to the lack of discounts offered by Mackie Italy. Sales outside the U.S. represented
approximately 44 , 49 , and 43 of the Company's net sales in 2000, 1999 and
1998, respectively. 

 The Company
will continue to introduce new products and product revisions as it has in the
past. Some anticipated new products
will require the implementation of manufacturing practices for which the
Company is not familiar. This could
result in lower margins as the Company becomes more familiar with new
manufacturing procedures. 

Results of Operations 

 Year Ended December
31, 2000 as Compared with Year Ended December 31, 1999 

 The results
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2000 include the results of
operations for EAW beginning April 1, 2000. 

 Net Sales 

 The
Company s net sales increased 32.7 to 207.5 million in 2000 from 156.3
million in 1999. Of the 51.1 million
increase, 30.6 million was attributable to the addition of EAW. The Company also saw significant revenue
contribution worldwide from products introduced in 1999 and 2000 in the product
categories of powered and CFX mixers, speakers, and digital products of
approximately 20.9 million. These
increases were partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency exchange
effect of 6.1 million and by declines in sales of M-1400 series amps and SR
series live music application mixers of approximately 2.6 million. Sales outside the U.S. decreased to 44 of
the Company s total net sales in 2000 from 49 in 1999. This decrease was due mainly to the inclusion
of sales by EAW whose sales outside of the U.S. comprised only 31 of its total
net sales for 2000. 

 Gross Profit 

 Gross profit
was 72.8 million in 2000 compared with 54.2 million in 1999. Of the 18.6 million increase, 11.6 million
was attributable to the addition of EAW. 
Gross profit was also up as a result of the new products introduced
during 1999 and 2000 as noted above. 
The increase was partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency
exchange effect on gross profit of approximately 2.4 million. Gross margin increased slightly to 35.1 in
2000 from 34.7 in 1999. 

 Selling, General and Administrative 

 Selling,
general and administrative expense increased to 48.5 million in 2000 from
 38.9 million in 1999. Of the 9.6
million increase, 9.3 million was attributable to the addition of EAW, 0.8
million of which represents amortization charges on intangible assets. Higher sales volumes causing corresponding
increases in variable expenses, such as commissions, along with incremental costs
associated with an increased headcount also contributed to the increase. These increases in expenses were partially
offset by a 2.1 million favorable impact of foreign currency exchange. As a percentage of net sales, selling,
general, and administrative expenses decreased to 23.4 in 2000 from 24.9 in
1999. The decline in the percentage is
primarily attributable to higher sales. 

 Research and Development 

 Research and
development expenses increased to 9.4 million in 2000 from 7.1 million in
1999. The increase was primarily
attributable to the inclusion of EAW s research and development expenses of
 2.3 million. As a percentage of net
sales, these expenses decreased slightly to 4.5 in 2000 compared with 4.6 in
1999. 

Interest Income and Interest Expense 

 Interest
income decreased to 0.6 million in 2000 compared with 0.7 million in
1999. Interest expense increased to
 4.6 million in 2000 from 2.8 million in 1999 primarily due to borrowings
related to the acquisition of EAW and to significantly higher levels of
short-term borrowing. 

 Other Income (Expense), net 

 Other
expense for 2000 was 0.5 million compared with 0.1 million in 1999. This increase was primarily due to the
foreign exchange losses in 2000 as a result of the weakening of the Italian
Lira against the U.S. Dollar over the past twelve months. 

 Income Tax Provision 

 Income tax
expense for 2000 was 4.2 million representing an overall effective tax rate of
40.5 compared to 2.8 million and 46.3 for 1999. The decrease in the effective
tax rate was primarily attributable to foreign operations. 

 Year Ended December
31, 1999 as Compared with Year Ended December 31, 1998 

 The results
of operations for the year ended December 31, 1998 include the results of
operations for Mackie Italy beginning July 1, 1998. 

 Net Sales 

 The
Company s net sales increased 50.1 to 156.3 million in 1999 from 104.2
million in 1998. The increase was
primarily attributable to the inclusion of a full year of Mackie Italy s sales
in 1999 of 60.2 million compared to only six months in 1998 of 23.6
million. The Company also saw
significant revenue contribution worldwide from products introduced in 1999 in
the product categories of powered and CFX mixers, speakers and amplifiers of
approximately 24.5 million. Sales in
the new product categories were aided by the Company s successful shift to a
captive distribution model in Europe during the first half of 1999. These increases were offset partially by
declines in sales of 8 Bus series large console mixers and SR series live music
application mixers of approximately 4.5 million. Sales outside the U.S. increased to 49 of the Company s total
net sales in 1999 from 43 in 1998. 
This increase was due mainly to the inclusion of a full year of sales by
Mackie Italy whose sales outside of the U.S. comprised 96 of its total net
sales for 1999. 

 Gross Profit 

 Gross profit
was 54.2 million in 1999 compared with 38.3 million in 1998. The increase was primarily attributable to
the inclusion of a full year of Mackie Italy s gross profit in 1999 of 25.6
million compared to only six months in 1998 of 8.6 million. Revenues were also up as a result of the new
products introduced during 1999 and improved international distribution as
noted above. Gross profit as a percentage
of sales decreased to 34.7 in 1999 from 36.7 in 1998. The decrease in gross margin was the result
of lower margins realized on some of the new products introduced during 1999
and lower sales volumes of high margin 8 Bus series large console mixers and SR
series live music application mixers. 

Selling, General and Administrative 

 Selling,
general and administrative expenses increased to 38.9 million in 1999 from
 24.8 million in 1998. The increase was
primarily attributable to the inclusion of a full year of Mackie Italy s
selling, general and administrative expenses in 1999 of 17.4 million compared
to only six months in 1998 of 7.8 million. 
Higher sales volumes causing corresponding increases in variable expenses,
such as commissions, along with incremental costs associated with new product
rollouts, promotional expenses related to demo products and initial launch
expenses related to the new Mackie Industrial Division (Mackie Industrial) also
contributed to the increase. Mackie
Industrial was created as a new division of the Company in 1999 to focus on the
installed sound market in the U.S. This
market encompasses installations in venues ranging in size from small caf s to
commercial buildings to nationwide chains. 
Mackie Italy has traditionally served the installed sound market in
Europe and now Mackie Industrial has entered the U.S. installed market giving
the Company a worldwide presence in this large segment. The Company did not realize significant revenues
from sales of Mackie Industrial products during 1999 as operations were still
in the development phase. Other
contributing factors to the increase included higher legal expenses associated
with the Behringer lawsuit that was settled in November 1999. As a percentage of net sales, selling,
general and administrative expenses increased to 24.9 in 1999 from 23.8 in
1998. 

 Research and Development 

 Research and
development expenses increased to 7.1 million in 1999 from 5.1 million in
1998. The increase was primarily
attributable to higher spending related to new product development across all
areas of the Company s product line during 1999. A secondary cause was the inclusion of a full year of Mackie
Italy s research and development expenses in 1999 of 1.1 million compared to
only six months in 1998 of 0.8 million. As a percentage of net sales, these
expenses decreased to 4.6 in 1999 compared with 4.9 in 1998. 

 Interest Income and Interest Expense 

 Interest
income decreased to 0.7 million in 1999 compared with 0.8 million in
1998. Interest expense increased to
 2.8 million in 1999 from 1.5 million in 1998 primarily due to borrowings
related to the acquisition of Mackie Italy and to Italian debt carried by
Mackie Italy. Included in 1999 is a full
year of acquisition and Mackie Italy interest expense compared to only six
months in 1998. Prior to the
acquisition in June 1998, the Company had no long-term debt. 

 Income Tax Provision 

 Income tax
expense for 1999 was 2.8 million representing an overall effective tax rate of
46.3 compared to 2.3 million and 29.2 for 1998. The increase in the
effective tax rate was primarily attributable to foreign operations. 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 The Company
used internally generated cash, as well as bank borrowings, to finance its
operations during 2000 and 1999. The
Company s operating activities used cash of 5.3 million in 2000 and generated
cash of 5.6 million in 1999. Net cash
used by operating activities in 2000 was primarily attributable to increases in
inventories, accounts receivable and a decline in income taxes payable offset
partially by net income, increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses and
a decline in prepaid expenses and other current assets. The large increase in inventories for 2000
over 1999 is attributable to higher levels of required inventory resulting from
the expansion of the Company s product lines, certain product release delays
and anticipated sales volume increases that did not materialize. The increase in depreciation and
amortization expense was primarily related to the amortization of intangible
assets that were booked on the acquisition of EAW. 

 Net cash used in investing activities
increased to 20.6 million in 2000 from 3.1 million in 1999, due principally
to the acquisition of EAW, net of cash acquired of 19.9 million and purchases
of property, plant and equipment of 6.6 million. These uses were partially offset by net proceeds from
transactions involving available-for-sale securities of 5.9 million. At December 31, 2000, the Company has an
agreement for consulting services related to the implementation of an Oracle
based software system. The agreement
totals approximately 2.8 million all of which was outstanding at December 31,
2000 and will be due and payable during 2001. 
Approximately 0.6 million was accrued as of December 31, 2000. The Company intends to finance its 2001
capital expenditures and commitments from cash provided by operations, current
cash reserves and existing credit facilities. 

Net cash
provided by financing activities increased to 25.3 million in 2000 from 2.2
million 1999, due principally to proceeds from bank credit facilities used for
the acquisition of EAW of 19.0 million and net proceeds on bank line of credit
and other short-term borrowings of 11.9 million. These inflows were partially offset by repayments of long-term
debt related to the Mackie Italy acquisition, EAW long-term debt and Italian
based long-term debt totaling 9.2 million. 

 In June
1998, the Company entered into a credit agreement with a bank to provide
certain credit facilities to the Company, including a 12.8 million loan for
the acquisition of Mackie Italy of which 8.7 million was outstanding at
December 31, 2000. The loan, which is
secured by all of the Company s assets, bears interest at the bank s prime
rate, or at a specified LIBOR rate plus a specified margin, whichever the
Company chooses. Interest on the loan
is payable monthly. Principal is payable
on September 30 of each year in installments equal to 1/7 of the amount borrowed. All outstanding principal and interest
amounts are due on September 30, 2003. 

 In April
2000, the Company borrowed long-term debt of 19.0 million in connection with
the acquisition of EAW (see Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements and Form 8-K filed April 21, 2000). 
The Company also paid off approximately 5.8 million of EAW s existing
debt using cash and available-for-sale securities. Funding for this pay down came from cash and investments. The loan, which is an amendment to the June
1998 credit agreement, is also secured by all of the Company s assets, bears
interest at the bank s prime rate, or at a specified LIBOR rate plus a
specified margin, whichever the Company chooses. Interest on the loan is payable monthly. Principal is payable on March 31 of each
year beginning in 2001 in installments equal to 1/7 of the amount
borrowed. All outstanding principal and
interest amounts are due on September 30, 2003. 

 In September
2000, the Company restructured its U.S. bank line of credit. The new line provides up to 15.0 million of
short-term borrowing subject to certain limitations. These limitations reduced the maximum allowable borrowing to
 12.4 million as of December 31, 2000. 
This line of credit, which is an amendment to the June 1998 credit
agreement, is secured by all of the Company s U.S. based assets. At December 31, 2000, there was 11.5
million outstanding on the line of credit (zero at December 31, 1999) as well
as a 1.5 million guarantee on debt of Mackie Italy. The Company was not in compliance with the borrowing limitation
on the line of credit at December 31, 2000 by approximately 0.6 million but
obtained a waiver from the bank. This
credit facility expires April 30, 2002. 

 Under the
terms of the June 1998 credit agreement and all related amendments, the Company
must maintain certain financial ratios and tangible net worth. The agreements also provide, among other
matters, restrictions on additional financing, dividends, mergers,
acquisitions, and an annual capital expenditure limit of 15.0 million. 

 Mackie Italy
also has agreements with several banks in Italy that provide short-term credit
facilities totaling approximately 25.2 million. At December 31, 2000 and 1999, there was approximately 19.8
million and 16.0 million outstanding under these facilities,
respectively. The majority of these
credit facilities are secured by Mackie Italy s receivables. Interest rates on these credit facilities
range from 4.8 to 13.5 . 

 The
weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings for the Company of
 31.3 million at December 31, 2000 was 7 . 

 Mackie Italy
also has various long-term loans outstanding at December 31, 2000, totaling
approximately 6.8 million, which bear interest at rates from 6.3 to
8.9 . These loans, certain of which are
secured by specific assets of Mackie Italy, mature at varying dates up to 2013. 

The Company
believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents, available-for-sale
securities and credit facilities will be sufficient to provide adequate working
capital to fund operations over the next twelve months. However, there can be no assurance that the
Company will not be required to seek other financing sooner or that such
financing, if required, will be available on terms satisfactory to the
Company. The Company may also utilize
cash to acquire or invest in complementary businesses or products or to obtain
the right to use complementary technologies 
(see Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). 

 Inflation and Changes in Foreign Currency
Exchange Rates 

 Although the
Company cannot accurately anticipate the effects of inflation, the Company does
not believe inflation has had or is likely to have a material effect on its
results of operations or liquidity. 

 Sales and
expenses incurred by foreign subsidiaries are denominated in each subsidiary s
local currency and translated into U.S. dollar amounts at average rates during
the period. The impacts of foreign
exchange when significant are disclosed in the Results of Operations section
of Item 7 to Form 10-K. 

 Euro Conversion 

 European
business systems are being forced to handle currencies in a new way with the
introduction of the Euro. Mackie
Italy s computer system does not support the Euro, and reprogramming the system
is not an economically viable option. 
Although the date for mandatory Euro compliance is January 1, 2002, it
is believed that the existing system can be utilized until early in the fourth
quarter 2001 after which time the transition to the new system would need to
begin. The Company has acquired an
Oracle based software system and the related computer hardware to run a single
system for all worldwide operations. 
Implementation procedures related to the system began during the third
quarter of 2000. This system will be
Euro compliant and is scheduled to be in place in Italy during the second half
of 2001. The cost of this system is
preliminarily estimated to be in the range of 6.0 to 8.0 million dollars. 

 New Accounting Pronouncements 

 In June
1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 133, Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. SFAS No. 133, as amended, requires that all derivative
instruments be recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are
recorded each period in current earnings or other comprehensive income,
depending on whether a derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction
and, if it is, the type of hedge transaction. 
This statement, as amended, is effective for the Company beginning
January 1, 2001. The adoption of SFAS
No. 133 will not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
position or results of operations. 

 In December
1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued Staff Accounting
Bulletin (SAB) No. 101, which was adopted by the Company in the fourth quarter
of 2000. SAB 101 provides guidance on
revenue recognition and the SEC staff s views on the application of accounting
principles to selected revenue recognition issues. The adoption of SAB 101 did not have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 In September
2000, the Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) reached consensus on Issue No.
00-10, Accounting for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs . Issue No. 00-10 deals with the accounting
for income billed and costs related to shipping and handling charges on
processing and delivery of customer orders. 
Historically, accounting for these elements varied significantly from
company to company. The EITF concluded
that amounts directly billed to customers for shipping and handling should be
classified as revenue and that the related costs to provide such services may
be classified as cost of sales. 

The Company
adopted Issue No. 00-10 in the fourth quarter of 2000. Previously, the Company netted shipping and
handling charges billed to customers against selling, general and
administrative (SG A) expense. The
following reclassifications to net sales, cost of sales and SG A expense
for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 resulted from the adoption of
this EITF. Net sales increased 2.5
million to 156.3 million for 1999, and 2.2 million to 104.2 million for
1998. Cost of sales increased 5.4
million to 102.1 million for 1999, and 3.2 million to 65.9 million in
1998. SG A expense decreased 2.9
million to 38.9 million for 1999, and 1.0 million to 24.8 million for 1998. 

 In March
2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Interpretation No. 44
(FIN 44), Accounting for Certain Transactions involving Stock
Compensation . FIN 44 clarifies the
application of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25 (APB 25) and was
effective July 1, 2000. FIN 44
clarifies the definition of employee for purposes of applying APB 25, the
criteria for determining whether a plan qualifies as a noncompensatory plan,
the accounting consequence of various modifications to the terms of a
previously fixed stock option or award, and the accounting for an exchange of
stock compensation awards in a business combination. The adoption of FIN 44 did not have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 Item 7a. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

 Interest Rate Risk 

 The Company
did not have any derivative financial instruments as of December 31, 2000 and
1999. However, the Company is exposed
to interest rate risk. The Company s interest income and expense are most
sensitive to changes in the general level of U.S. and European interest rates. In this regard, changes in U.S. and European
interest rates affect the interest earned on the Company s cash equivalents and
available-for-sale securities as well as interest paid on debt. 

 At December
31, 2000, the Company had cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale
securities and bonds of 8.2 million and short-term borrowings of 31.3
million, all subject to variable short-term interest rates. A hypothetical change in the interest rate
of 10 (for example from 8 to 8.8 would not have a material effect on the
Company s earnings for the year ended December 31, 2000. 

 The Company
has lines of credit and other debt whose interest rates are based on various
published prime rates that may fluctuate over time based on economic changes in
the environment. The Company is subject
to interest rate risk, and could be subject to increased interest payments if
market interest rates fluctuate. The
Company does not expect any change in the interest rates to have a material
adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 

 Foreign Currency
Risk 

 The Company
operates foreign subsidiaries in Canada, Italy, the United Kingdom, Germany,
France, the Netherlands, China and the Czech Republic. The Company s business and financial
condition are, therefore, sensitive to currency exchange rates or any other
restrictions imposed on their currencies. Sales and expenses incurred by
foreign subsidiaries are denominated in the subsidiary s local currency and
translated into U.S. Dollar amounts at average rates during the period. The Company does not employ any derivative
based hedging strategies, however, it may do so in the future. The Company also has a significant natural
hedge in the form of Italian based manufacturing and European based operating,
interest and tax expenses. 

Foreign
exchange rate sensitivity analysis can be quantified by estimating the impact
on the Company's earnings as a result of hypothetical changes in the value of
the U.S. Dollar, the Company's functional currency, relative to the other
currencies in which the Company transacts business. All other things being equal, an average 10 increase in the
value of the U.S. Dollar, throughout the year ended December 31, 2000, would
have had the effect of reducing net income approximately 0.2 million. 

 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data 

 See pages 26
to 51. 

Report of KPMG LLP,
Independent Auditors 

The
Board of Directors and Shareholders 
Mackie Designs, Inc. 

 We have
audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mackie Designs Inc.,
and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the related
consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and shareholders equity and
comprehensive income for the years then ended. 
In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements,
we have also audited the consolidated financial statement schedule listed in
the accompanying index insofar as it relates to the years ended December 31,
2000 and 1999. These consolidated
financial statements and consolidated financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Company s management. 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements and consolidated financial statement schedule based on our
audits. 

 We conducted
our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Mackie Designs
Inc., and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the results
of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the related
consolidated financial statement schedule for the years ended December 31, 2000
and 1999, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial
statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects, the
information set forth therein. 

KPMG LLP 

Seattle,
Washington 
February 22, 2001 

Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent
Auditors 

The
Board of Directors and Shareholders 
Mackie Designs Inc. 

 We have
audited the accompanying consolidated statements of income, cash flows and
shareholders equity and comprehensive income for year ended December 31,
1998. Our audit also included the
financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 14(a). These financial statements and schedule are
the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements and schedule based on our audit. 

 We conducted
our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

 In our
opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of
Mackie Designs, Inc., for the year ended December 31, 1998, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Also, in our opinion, the related financial
statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial
statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the
information set forth herein. 

Ernst Young LLP 

Seattle,
Washington 
February 26, 1999 

MACKIE DESIGNS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2000 

1999 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

3,837,892 

4,629,234 

Available-for-sale securities 

509,333 

6,328,146 

Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of 
 1,079,000 and 1,146,000,
 respectively 

39,085,103 

31,679,300 

Inventories 

63,470,535 

39,678,922 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

1,514,093 

1,832,411 

Deferred income taxes 

3,148,057 

2,488,666 

Total current assets 

111,565,013 

86,636,679 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

23,567,445 

20,501,755 

Intangible assets, net 

24,418,784 

7,321,725 

Bonds 

3,891,279 

3,902,473 

Other assets, net 

1,755,123 

2,491,247 

Total assets 

165,197,644 

120,853,879 

LIABILITIES AND
 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Short-term borrowings 

31,280,882 

16,009,408 

Accounts payable 

21,912,383 

16,142,548 

Accrued expenses 

10,502,723 

8,257,304 

Income taxes payable 

706,143 

2,009,952 

Current portion of long-term debt 

5,024,473 

6,959,779 

Total current liabilities 

69,426,604 

49,378,991 

Long-term debt 

29,970,403 

15,664,662 

Employee and other liabilities 

3,932,350 

3,778,149 

Deferred income taxes 

4,098,067 

1,725,095 

Total liabilities 

107,427,424 

70,546,897 

Commitments, contingencies and subsequent
 event 

Shareholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, no par value: 

Authorized shares 5,000,000; Outstanding
 shares none 

Common stock, no par value: 

Authorized shares 40,000,000; Issued and
 outstanding shares 12,372,358 
 and 12,107,758 in
 2000 and 1999, respectively 

27,720,181 

25,802,401 

Retained earnings 

31,885,054 

25,658,852 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(1,835,015) 

(1,154,271) 

Total shareholders' equity 

57,770,220 

50,306,982 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

165,197,644 

120,853,879 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

MACKIE DESIGNS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Years Ended December 31, 

2000 

1999 

1998 

Net sales 

207,476,130 

156,339,988 

104,154,006 

Cost of goods sold 

134,648,908 

102,138,192 

65,882,635 

Gross profit 

72,827,222 

54,201,796 

38,271,371 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general, and administrative 

48,486,522 

38,879,323 

24,761,282 

Research and development 

9,369,709 

7,146,954 

5,094,333 

Total operating expenses 

57,856,231 

46,026,277 

29,855,615 

Operating income 

14,970,991 

8,175,519 

8,415,756 

Interest income 

615,649 

740,962 

781,861 

Interest expense 

(4,580,955) 

(2,772,243) 

(1,520,648) 

Other income (expense), net 

(538,055) 

(76,190) 

206,016 

Income before income taxes 

10,467,630 

6,068,048 

7,882,985 

Income taxes 

4,241,428 

2,810,781 

2,302,211 

Net income 

6,226,202 

3,257,267 

5,580,774 

Net income per share: 

Basic 

0.51 

0.27 

0.44 

Diluted 

0.49 

0.27 

0.43 

Weighted average common and potential
 common shares used in computing net income per share: 

Basic 

12,211,230 

12,214,982 

12,594,090 

Diluted 

12,782,181 

12,264,679 

12,945,170 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

MACKIE DESIGNS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH F LOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2000 

1999 

1998 

Operating
 activities 

Net income 

6,226,202 

3,257,267 

5,580,774 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net income to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

7,375,627 

6,399,855 

4,743,883 

Loss on asset
 dispositions 

83,496 

1,231 

Deferred
 stock compensation 

449,250 

Deferred
 income taxes 

(816,727) 

(1,311,115) 

(503,819) 

Changes in
 operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisition: 

Accounts
 receivable 

(3,538,996) 

(3,888,511) 

(3,227,231) 

Inventories 

(17,889,095) 

(2,749,123) 

(5,063,801) 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

1,316,249 

(78,184) 

875,644 

Other
 assets 

562,224 

(1,064,760) 

(734,940) 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

1,871,954 

4,854,571 

575,844 

Income
 taxes payable 

(1,209,991) 

402,601 

(532,733) 

Other
 long term liabilities 

280,554 

(174,250) 

(169,647) 

Cash provided
 (used) by operating activities 

(5,289,253) 

5,648,351 

1,545,205 

Investing
 activities 

Acquisition of
 businesses, net of cash acquired 

(19,894,937) 

(14,645,175) 

Purchases of
 available-for-sale securities 

(2,358,160) 

(8,951,129) 

(18,769,653) 

Proceeds from sales of
 available-for-sale securities 

5,947,121 

7,375,556 

Proceeds from maturities
 of available-for-sale securities 

2,358,160 

8,985,000 

15,948,839 

Purchases of property,
 plant and equipment 

(6,609,324) 

(3,115,942) 

(5,337,924) 

Proceeds from asset
 dispositions 

28,799 

Cash used in investing activities 

(20,557,140) 

(3,082,071) 

(15,399,558) 

Financing
 activities 

Proceeds from long-term
 debt 

21,130,263 

396,385 

17,239,457 

Payments on long-term
 debt 

(9,200,886) 

(2,890,132) 

(1,608,935) 

Net proceeds (payments)
 on bank line of credit and short-term borrowings 

11,877,004 

5,974,760 

(811,478) 

Repurchase and retirement
 of common stock 

(1,308,259) 

(2,638,125) 

Net proceeds from
 exercise of stock options 

1,468,530 

8,325 

83,250 

Cash provided by financing activities 

25,274,911 

2,181,079 

12,264,169 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

(219,860) 

(241,736) 

738,615 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents 

(791,342) 

4,505,623 

(851,569) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of
 year 

4,629,234 

123,611 

975,180 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

3,837,892 

4,629,234 

123,611 

Supplemental
 disclosures 

Cash paid for interest 

3,911,000 

2,409,000 

1,617,000 

Cash paid for income taxes 

5,591,000 

3,468,000 

2,397,000 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

MACKIE DESIGNS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Common
 Stock 

Retained
 Earnings 

Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Balance at December 31, 1997 

12,733,650 

29,657,210 

16,820,811 

46,478,021 

Exercise of stock options 

15,000 

83,250 

83,250 

Repurchase of common shares 

(392,164) 

(2,638,125) 

(2,638,125) 

Net
 income 

5,580,774 

5,580,774 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 

65,137 

65,137 

Comprehensive income 

5,645,911 

Balance at December 31, 1998 

12,356,486 

27,102,335 

22,401,585 

65,137 

49,569,057 

Exercise of stock options 

1,500 

8,325 

8,325 

Repurchase of common shares 

(250,228) 

(1,308,259) 

(1,308,259) 

Net
 income 

3,257,267 

3,257,267 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 

(1,211,927) 

(1,211,927) 

Unrealized loss on
 available-for-sale securities 

(7,481) 

(7,481) 

Comprehensive income 

2,037,859 

Balance at December 31, 1999 

12,107,758 

25,802,401 

25,658,852 

(1,154,271) 

50,306,982 

Exercise of stock options 

264,600 

1,468,530 

1,468,530 

Amortization of deferred stock compensation 

449,250 

449,250 

Net
 income 

6,226,202 

6,226,202 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 

(688,225) 

(688,225) 

Reclassification adjustment for loss included in net income on 
 available-for-sale securities 

7,481 

7,481 

Comprehensive income 

5,545,458 

Balance at December 31, 2000 

12,372,358 

27,720,181 

31,885,054 

(1,835,015) 

57,770,220 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

MACKIE DESIGNS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2000 

 1. 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Basis of Presentation 
 The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Mackie Designs, Inc.
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (the Company ). In December 2000, the name of the Company's subsidiary, Radio
Cine Forniture S.p.A. RCF ), was changed from RCF to Mackie Designs (Italy)
S.p.A (Mackie Italy). All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. Certain amounts reported
in previous years have been reclassified to conform to the 2000 presentation. 

 Operations 
 The Company develops,
manufactures, sells, and supports high-quality, professional audio
equipment. The Company sells to
retailers and distributors throughout the world, generally on open credit
terms. Sales to customers outside of
the U.S. approximated 44 , 49 , and 43 of net sales in 2000, 1999, and 1998,
respectively. 

 Use of Estimates 
 The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual
results may differ from those estimates. 

 Foreign Currency Translation 
 Assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the
balance sheet date. Net sales, costs
and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange prevailing during the
period. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are charged or
credited to other comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders equity. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on
foreign currency transactions are included in other income (expense), net. 

 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenues from sales of products
are generally recognized upon shipment under an agreement with a customer when
risk of loss has passed to the customer and collection of any resulting
receivable is reasonably assured. The
Company has certain software related products within its digital product
line. The Company follows the
principles of AICPA Statement of Position 97-2, Software Revenue Recognition 
in recognizing revenues for these products, which generally occurs when the
Company has customer acceptance and collection of any resulting receivable is
reasonably assured. 

 Cash Equivalents 
 The Company considers all liquid
investments purchased with a maturity at purchase of three months or less to be
cash equivalents. 

 Marketable Securities 
 Management determines the
appropriate classification of marketable securities at the time of purchase and
re evaluates such designation as of each balance sheet date. Debt securities are treated as held-to-maturity
when the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold the securities to
maturity. Held-to-maturity securities
are stated at amortized cost. Zero
coupon bonds held by Mackie Italy are the only securities the Company treats as
held-to-maturity (see Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Debt and
marketable equity securities not treated as held-to-maturity are classified as
available-for-sale. Available-for-sale
securities are primarily high-grade U.S. corporate and government securities,
all of which are recorded at amortized cost, which approximates fair
value. Available-for-sale securities
are classified in the balance sheet as current based on maturity dates. Unrealized gains and losses on
available-for-sale securities are excluded from the results of operations and
are reported as a component of comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders'
equity. 

 The
amortized cost of debt securities treated as held-to-maturity is adjusted for
accretion of discounts or amortization of premiums to maturity, over the
estimated life of the security. Such
amounts are included in interest income. 

 Inventories 
 Inventories are valued at the
lower of cost, as determined by the first-in, first-out method, or market. 

 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Property, plant and equipment
are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Significant additions and improvements are
capitalized. Maintenance and repairs
are expensed as incurred. Depreciation
and amortization are computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of buildings, machinery and equipment, and furniture and fixtures
of thirty-three years, five to seven years, and three to five years,
respectively. Leasehold improvements
are amortized over the shorter of their useful lives or the term of the
lease. Direct internal and external
costs of computer software developed for internal use are capitalized in
accordance with SOP 98-1, Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software
Developed or Obtained for Internal Use . 
Capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives beginning
when each module is complete and ready for its intended use. 

 Intangibles 
 Intangibles represent goodwill
resulting from the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets
acquired as well as other specifically identified intangible assets resulting
from acquisitions. Intangibles are
being amortized on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of goodwill,
developed technology and trademarks of twenty years and assembled workforce of
five years. 

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 The Company
periodically assesses the recoverability of long-lived assets including
property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets. Recoverability of assets to be held and used
is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future
undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired,
the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying
amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the
lower of the carrying amount or the fair value less cost to sell. 

 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The carrying amounts of the
Company s cash, available-for-sale securities, accounts receivable, bonds,
short-term borrowings, accounts payable and long-term debt approximate fair
value because they are of a short-term nature or have interest rates that
approximate market rates. 

 Warranty Costs 
 The Company provides an accrual
for future warranty costs at the time of sale of products. The warranty for the Company s products
generally covers defects in materials and workmanship for a period of one to
six years. 

 Advertising Costs 
 The cost of advertising included
in selling, general and administrative expense is expensed as incurred. For 2000, 1999, and 1998, the Company
incurred advertising expenses of 3.9 million, 4.2 million, and 3.7 million,
respectively. 

Stock Compensation 
 The Company applies the
disclosure-only provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation. Accordingly, the Company accounts for
stock-based employee compensation using the intrinsic-value method prescribed
in Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees, and related interpretations. 
Compensation expense for employee stock options is measured as the
excess, if any, of the fair value of the Company s common stock at the date of
grant over the stock option exercise price and is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the vesting period. 

 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for
under the asset and liability method of accounting. Under this method, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributed to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax credits
and loss carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
those temporary differences and carryforwards are expected to be recovered or
settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax
rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment
date. A valuation allowance is established
when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts expected to be
realized. 

 Income Per Share 
 Basic income per share is
computed on the basis of the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the year. Diluted
income per share is computed on the basis of the weighted average number of
common shares plus dilutive potential common shares outstanding. Dilutive potential common shares are
calculated under the treasury stock method and consist of employee stock
options outstanding. 

 Concentrations 
 The Company is subject to concentrations
of credit risk from its holdings of cash, cash equivalents, and
securities. The Company s credit risk
is managed by investing in high-quality money market instruments, securities of
the U.S. Government and its agencies, and high-quality corporate issues. In addition, a significant portion of the
Company s accounts receivable is due from customers outside of the U.S. The Company generally requires letters of
credit or advance payments for international sales made by its U.S.
divisions. No individual country
outside of the U.S. accounted for more than 10 of net sales in any of the
periods presented. 

 The Company
relies almost exclusively on one vendor for its potentiometers and certain of
its integrated circuits, but is in contact with other manufacturers of these
items regularly. These items are
critical components in certain of the Company's products. Interruption in, or cessation of, the supply
of these components from these suppliers could adversely affect the Company s
production capability, as the qualification process for another manufacturer,
from sample submission to production quality and quantity delivery, could take
several months. The Company has an
approximate three month supply of potentiometers and one month supply of these
specific integrated circuits on hand at any given time which would serve to
reduce any potential disruption. 

 Comprehensive Income 
 The Company s comprehensive
income includes all items which comprise net income, the effect of foreign
currency translation and unrealized gains/losses on available-for-sale
securities. Comprehensive income is
shown in the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity and Comprehensive
Income. 

New Accounting Pronouncement 
 In June 1998, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities. 
SFAS No. 133, as amended, requires that all derivative instruments be
recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded each period
in current earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on whether a
derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction and, if it is, the type
of hedge transaction. This statement,
as amended, is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2001. The adoption of SFAS No. 133 will not have a
material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of
operations. 

 In December
1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued Staff Accounting Bulletin
(SAB) No. 101,which was adopted by the Company in the fourth quarter of
2000. SAB 101 provides guidance on
revenue recognition and the SEC staff s views on the application of accounting
principles to selected revenue recognition issues. The adoption of SAB 101 did not have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 In September
2000, the Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) reached consensus on Issue No.
00-10, Accounting for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs . Issue No. 00-10 deals with the accounting
for income billed and costs related to shipping and handling charges on
processing and delivery of customer orders. 
Historically, accounting for these elements varied significantly from
company to company. The EITF concluded
that amounts directly billed to customers for shipping and handling should be
classified as revenue and that the related costs to provide such services may
be classified as cost of sales. 

 The Company
adopted Issue No. 00-10 in the fourth quarter of 2000. Previously, the Company netted shipping and
handling charges billed to customers against selling, general and
administrative (SG A) expense. The following reclassifications to net
sales, cost of sales and SG A expense for the years ended December 31, 1999
and 1998 resulted from the adoption of this EITF. Net sales increased 2.5 million to 156.3 million for 1999, and
 2.2 million to 104.2 million for 1998. 
Cost of sales increased 5.4 million to 102.1 million for 1999, and
 3.2 million to 65.9 million in 1998. 
SG A expense decreased 2.9 million to 38.9 million for 1999, and
 1.0 million to 24.8 million for 1998. 

In March
2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Interpretation No. 44
(FIN 44), Accounting for Certain Transactions involving Stock
Compensation . FIN 44 clarifies the
application of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25 (APB 25) and was
effective July 1, 2000. FIN 44 clarifies
the definition of employee for purposes of applying APB 25, the criteria for
determining whether a plan qualifies as a noncompensatory plan, the accounting
consequence of various modifications to the terms of a previously fixed stock
option or award, and the accounting for an exchange of stock compensation
awards in a business combination. The
adoption of FIN 44 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

2. ACQUISITIONS 
 In April 2000, the Company
acquired 100 of the capital stock of Eastern Acoustic Works, Inc. (EAW). EAW designs and manufactures loudspeaker
systems, including integrated signal processing for the installed and touring
sound markets and is based in Whitinsville, Massachusetts. The acquisition was accounted for under the
purchase method of accounting. The
aggregate purchase price, plus related acquisition costs, was approximately
 19.6 million. The excess of the
purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets acquired 0.9
million) approximating 18.7 million is included in intangible assets. A total of 8.2 million of the purchase
consideration was specifically allocated to identifiable intangible assets,
including developed technology 5.2 million), assembled workforce 1.6
million), and trademark 1.4 million). 
The remaining 10.5 million is goodwill. Goodwill, developed technology and trademark are being amortized
on the straight line method over 20 years, while the assembled workforce is
being amortized on the straight line method over 5 years. The results of EAW have been included in the
Company s consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. 

 On June 29,
1998, the Company acquired 100 of the capital stock of Mackie Italy, an
Italian corporation. Mackie Italy is a
manufacturer of loudspeakers and speaker components based in Reggio Emilia,
Italy. The acquisition was accounted
for under the purchase method of accounting. 
The aggregate purchase price, plus related acquisition costs, was
approximately 15.0 million. The excess
of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired, aggregating
approximately 8.0 million, is included in goodwill. The results of operations of Mackie Italy have been included in
the Company s consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. 

 The
following table presents unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information
for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 as if the acquisition of EAW had
occurred on January 1 of each year after giving effect to certain adjustments,
including amortization of intangibles: 

Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2000 

1999 

Net sales 

217,244,380 

195,933,141 

Net income 

5,584,668 

1,833,240 

Diluted income per share 

0.44 

0.15 

The
unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes
only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have
occurred had the acquisition taken place on the basis assumed above. In addition, the pro forma results are not
intended to be a projection of the future results and do not reflect any
synergies that might have been achieved from the combined operations. 

 3. 
INVESTMENTS 

 The
amortized cost of available-for-sale securities approximated fair market value
and was as follows: 

December 31, 

2000 

1999 

U.S. Government securities 

509,333 

479,922 

Bank certificates of deposit 

574,725 

Corporate debt securities 

5,273,499 

509,333 

6,328,146 

As of
December 31, 2000 and 1999, available-for-sale securities had contractual
maturities of one year or less. 

 Mackie Italy
holds various zero-coupon Italian bank bonds as collateral for two bank term
loans (see Note 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). The bonds aggregated 3.9 million at both
December 31, 2000 and 1999, and are carried at amortized cost, which
approximates market value. The bank
bonds have various maturities ranging from 2001 to 2004, however reinvestment
is required under the collateral agreement so the maturity date is effectively
2004. The interest rates on these bonds
range from 3.4 to 7.0 (average rate was 6.8 at both December 31, 2000 and
1999). These bonds are treated as
held-to-maturity and are restricted as to their use. 

 4. 
INVENTORIES 

 Inventories
consist of the following: 

December 31, 

2000 

1999 

Raw materials 

31,579,234 

16,499,299 

Work in process 

4,830,897 

4,845,789 

Finished goods 

27,060,404 

18,333,834 

63,470,535 

39,678,922 

5. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

 Intangible
assets consist of the following: 

December 31, 

2000 

1999 

Goodwill 

17,974,295 

7,907,866 

Developed technology 

5,200,000 

Assembled workforce 

1,660,000 

Trademark 

1,380,000 

26,214,295 

7,907,866 

Less accumulated amortization 

1,795,511 

586,141 

24,418,784 

7,321,725 

6. 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

 Property,
plant and equipment consist of the following: 

December 31, 

2000 

1999 

Land 

2,014,365 

2,150,614 

Buildings 

3,298,929 

2,794,308 

Machinery and equipment 

21,868,448 

19,304,674 

Furniture and fixtures 

12,785,406 

8,506,274 

Leasehold improvements 

3,803,423 

2,957,175 

43,770,571 

35,713,045 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

20,203,126 

15,211,290 

23,567,445 

20,501,755 

7. 
INCOME TAXES 

 Components
of income before income taxes are as follows: 

2000 

1999 

1998 

United States 

9,212,206 

6,900,322 

8,790,207 

Foreign 

1,255,424 

(832,274) 

(907,222) 

Income before income taxes 

10,467,630 

6,068,048 

7,882,985 

The
provision for income taxes is as follows: 

2000 

1999 

1998 

Current taxes on income: 

United States 

3,919,127 

2,763,450 

2,717,660 

Foreign 

1,139,028 

1,358,446 

88,370 

Total current income taxes 

5,058,155 

4,121,896 

2,806,030 

Deferred income taxes: 

United States--federal 

(826,296) 

(644,963) 

(480,000) 

United States--state 

(130,954) 

- 

- 

Foreign 

140,523 

(666,152) 

(23,819) 

Total deferred income taxes 

(816,727) 

(1,311,115) 

(503,819) 

Total income taxes 

4,241,428 

2,810,781 

2,302,211 

The tax
effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant components of
the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

December 31, 

2000 

1999 

Deferred tax assets: 

Accrued expenses 

1,241,922 

911,416 

Bad
 debt allowances 

313,534 

251,899 

Inventory adjustments 

1,016,595 

1,279,659 

Net
 operating loss carryforwards 

447,575 

386,033 

Tax
 credit carryforwards 

259,091 

335,091 

Other items, net 

866,637 

548,057 

4,145,354 

3,712,155 

Less
 valuation allowance 

(98,974) 

(74,425) 

4,046,380 

3,637,730 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property, plant and equipment 

2,363,345 

2,874,159 

Specifically identifiable intangible assets 

2,633,045 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

4,996,390 

2,874,159 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

(950,010) 

763,571 

In
connection with the acquisition of EAW in 2000, the Company recorded a net
deferred tax liability of 3.1 million. 

 The deferred
tax assets (liabilities) of foreign jurisdictions comprised 1.5 million and 2.1) million at December 31, 2000, respectively and 2.1 million and 2.5)
million at December 31, 1999, respectively. 

 A
reconciliation from the U.S. statutory income tax rate of 34 to the effective
income tax rate is as follows: 

2000 

1999 

1998 

Tax at the statutory rate 

3,558,994 

34.0 

2,063,136 

34.0 

2,680,215 

34.0 

Effect of the research and development tax
 credit 

(398,581) 

(3.8) 

(200,000) 

(3.3) 

(280,000) 

(3.6) 

Foreign sales corporation tax benefit 

(336,029) 

(3.2) 

(311,835) 

(5.1) 

(251,090) 

(3.2) 

Limitation of recognition of benefit of 
 foreign operating losses 

36,008 

0.6 

179,094 

2.3 

Nondeductible expenses and other 
 permanent differences 

464,616 

4.4 

553,739 

9.1 

(360,822) 

(4.6) 

Goodwill 

253,174 

2.4 

99,789 

1.6 

66,526 

0.9 

Foreign tax greater than U.S. statutory 
 rate 

587,313 

5.6 

569,944 

9.4 

268,288 

3.4 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

111,941 

1.1 

4,241,428 

40.5 

2,810,781 

46.3 

2,302,211 

29.2 

At December
31, 2000, the Company had U.S. and international net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately 0.8 million and 0.4 million,
respectively. These carryforwards
generally begin expiring in 2013. 

 The
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets increased by approximately 25,000
and 74,000 in 2000 and 1999, respectively. 

 8. 
DEBT 

 Long-term
debt consisted of the following at December 31: 

2000 

1999 

Revolving Credit Note (A) 

8,714,557 

10,500,000 

Revolving Credit Note (B) 

19,000,000 

Capital Leases (C) 

431,636 

Bank Term Loan (D) 

4,670,472 

Bank Term Loan (E) 

3,626,724 

3,870,187 

Bank Term Loan (F) 

584,630 

802,127 

Other Notes (G) 

2,637,329 

2,781,655 

34,994,876 

22,624,441 

Less current portion 

5,024,473 

6,959,779 

29,970,403 

15,664,662 

(A) 

Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Note 12.8 million Mackie
 Italy acquisition loan) bear interest at the bank s prime rate, or at a
 specified LIBOR rate plus a specified margin, whichever the Company
 chooses. At December 31, 2000, the
 interest rate in effect was 9.0 . 
 Interest is payable monthly. 
 Principal is payable in installments equal to 1/7 of the amount
 borrowed 12.8 million) on September 30 of each year. All outstanding principal and interest
 amounts are due on September 30, 2003. 

(B) 

Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Note 19.0 million EAW
 acquisition loan) bear interest at the bank s prime rate, or at a specified
 LIBOR rate plus a specified margin, whichever the Company chooses. At December 31, 2000, the interest rate in
 effect was 9.0 . Interest is payable
 monthly. Principal is payable in
 installments equal to 1/7 of the amount borrowed 19.0 million) on March 31
 of each year. All outstanding
 principal and interest amounts are due on September 30, 2003. 

(C) 

EAW leases certain
 equipment under capital lease agreements.. 
 At December 31, 2000 outstanding principal totaled 0.4 million.. Interest has been imputed at rates ranging
 from 7.0 to 15.0 . Total principal
 due in 2001 is 0.2 million. 
 Completion dates of all leases range from 2001 to 2003. 

(D) 

The Bank Term Loan, which
 was paid off in February 2000, bore interest at the six-month Euribor rate
 plus 0.65 . Interest-only payments
 were made semi-annually and the principal was due on February 5, 2000. 

(E) 

The Bank Term Loan bears
 interest at the six-month LIBOR rate plus 2.0 (8.9 at December 31,
 2000). Interest-only payments are
 made semi-annually and the principal is due in 2003. This loan is secured by a bank bond held
 by Mackie Italy, which will be used to repay the principal amount of the loan
 at the time of maturity in 2004. 

(F) 

The Bank Term Loan bears a fixed interest rate of 7.1 . Interest-only payments are made
 semi-annually. In addition, semi-annual
 principal payments of approximately 0.08 million are payable with the final
 principal payment due in 2004. This
 loan is secured by a bank bond held by Mackie Italy. 

(G) 

The other notes bear interest at rates from 6.3 to 8.9 . Principal payments on these loans are made
 in varying amounts until 2013. 
 Certain of these loans are secured by specific assets of Mackie Italy. 

The
long-term debt described above in (D) through (G) are denominated in Italian
lira and have been converted to U.S. Dollars using applicable rates for the
periods presented for disclosure purposes. 

 Future
aggregate annual principal payments of long-term debt at December 31, 2000 are
as follows: 

2001 

5,024,473 

2002 

5,269,198 

2003 

22,791,332 

2004 

723,981 

2005 

322,818 

Thereafter 

863,074 

34,994,876 

In September
2000, the Company restructured its U.S. bank line of credit. The new line provides up to 15.0 million of
short-term borrowing subject to certain limitations. These limitations reduced the maximum allowable borrowing to
 12.4 million as of December 31, 2000. 
This line of credit, which is an amendment to the June 1998 credit
agreement, is secured by all of the Company s U.S. based assets. At December 31, 2000, there was 11.5
million outstanding on the line of credit (zero at December 31, 1999) as well
as a 1.5 million guarantee on debt of Mackie Italy. The Company was not in compliance with the borrowing limitation
on the line of credit at December 31, 2000 by approximately 0.6 million but
obtained a waiver from the bank. This
credit facility expires April 30, 2002. 

Under the
terms of the June 1998 credit agreement and all related amendments, the Company
must maintain certain financial ratios and tangible net worth. The agreements also provide, among other
matters, restrictions on additional financing, dividends, mergers,
acquisitions, and an annual capital expenditure limit of 15.0 million. 

 Mackie Italy
also has agreements with several banks in Italy that provide short-term credit
facilities totaling approximately 25.2 million. At December 31, 2000 and 1999, there was approximately 19.8
million and 16.0 million outstanding
under these facilities, respectively. 
The majority of these credit facilities are secured by Mackie Italy s
receivables. Interest rates on these
credit facilities range from 4.8 to 13.5 . 

 The
weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings for the Company of
 31.3 million at December 31, 2000 was 7.0 . 

 9. EMPLOYEE
AND OTHER LIABILITIES 

 Under
Italian law, Mackie Italy employees are entitled to severance benefits
calculated primarily based upon compensation and length of service. These severance benefits vest immediately
and are payable upon the employee s separation from the Company. This liability aggregated approximately 3.2
million at both December 31, 2000 and 1999. 
In addition, Mackie Italy commissioned sales agents are entitled to
similar severance benefits based upon commissions earned and length of
service. This liability aggregated
approximately 0.5 million and 0.6 million at December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively. Under these severance
programs, severance expense of approximately 0.7 million was recognized in
both 2000 and 1999. 

 The
termination indemnity liability is calculated in accordance with local civil
and labor laws based on each employee s length of service, employment category
and remuneration. There is no vesting
period or funding requirement associated with the liability. The liability recorded on the balance sheet
is the amount that the employees would be entitled to if the employees
terminated at that date. 

 10. 
RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTION 

 The Company
has an agreement to receive marketing and sales services from a company in
which a director and shareholder of the Company is a partner. This agreement is
substantially similar to agreements the Company has with its other independent
representatives. Expenses under this
agreement amounted to 0.3 million for each of the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998. 

11. 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 

 The Company
has qualified profit-sharing plans under the provisions of Internal Revenue
Code Section 401(k). These plans are
available to all employees meeting the eligibility requirements. Contributions are based on a matching
formula as defined in each of the plans. 
Additional contributions are at the discretion of the Board of
Directors. Contributions to the
respective plans vest ratably over a 5-year period. The Company made combined contributions of 0.5 million, 0.1
million, and 0.1 million to the plans in 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively. 

 The Company
self-insures for health care costs of its eligible employees and dependents at
certain of its divisions. The Company
has insurance policies which cover individual claims and have an approximate
 1.0 million annual stop loss limit on total claims for all employees in the
aggregate. Estimated costs of all
incurred claims that are not covered by insurance are recognized in the
financial statements. 

 12. 
NET INCOME PER SHARE 

 The
following table represents a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators
of the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations: 

2000 

1999 

1998 

Numerator: 

Numerator for basic and
 diluted net income per share net income 

6,226,202 

3,257,267 

5,580,774 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic net
 income per share weighted average common shares 

12,211,230 

12,214,982 

12,594,090 

Effect of dilutive stock
 options 

570,951 

49,697 

351,080 

Denominator for diluted
 net income per share 

12,782,181 

12,264,679 

12,945,170 

Basic net income per share 

0.51 

0.27 

0.44 

Diluted net income per share 

0.49 

0.27 

0.43 

Stock
options totaling 1,707,000, 3,086,000 and 325,000 shares in 2000, 1999 and
1998, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income
per share, as they were antidilutive. 

 13. 
SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 The Company
has a stock option plan for the granting of incentive and non-qualified stock
options (the Plan) under which 6.5 million shares are reserved for grants. The exercise price of incentive stock
options granted under the Plan may not be less than the fair market value of
the common stock on the date of grant. 
The exercise price of non-qualified stock options granted under the Plan
may be greater or less than the fair market value of the common stock on the
date of grant, as determined by the stock option committee of the Company s
Board of Directors at its discretion. 
The options generally vest over a four-year period and expire no later
than ten years after the date of grant. 

 In
connection with the acquisition of EAW, certain key employees of EAW were
granted a total of 199,998 non-qualified stock options with an exercise price
of 0.01. These options are linked to
continued employment with the Company and vest ratably over a two-year period
from the April 6, 2000 grant date. The
Company is also recognizing compensation expense related to these options on a
straight line basis over the vesting period of which 0.8 million remained
unamortized at December 31, 2000. None
of these options were exercisable as of December 31, 2000. 

 The
following table summarizes the Company s stock option activity for the
three-year period ended December 31, 2000: 

Shares subject to option 

Option price range 

Weighted average exercise price 

Options outstanding at December 31, 1997 

2,852,200 

5.55 13.88 

6.04 

Granted 

608,200 

6.25 7.75 

6.56 

Forfeited 

(27,500) 

8.75 

8.75 

Exercised 

(15,000) 

5.55 

5.55 

Options outstanding at December 31, 1998 

3,417,900 

5.55 13.88 

6.11 

Granted 

355,500 

4.75 5.91 

4.79 

Forfeited 

(360,900) 

6.00 8.75 

6.42 

Exercised 

(1,500) 

5.55 

5.55 

Options outstanding at December 31, 1999 

3,411,000 

4.75 13.88 

5.94 

Granted 

1,087,197 

0.01 7.00 

4.88 

Forfeited 

(105,600) 

5.50 6.69 

6.21 

Exercised 

(264,600) 

5.55 

5.55 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2000 

4,127,997 

0.01 13.88 

5.68 

At December
31, 2000, 2,024,653 shares of common stock were available for future grants. 

 The
following table summarizes information about options outstanding and
exercisable at December 31, 2000: 

Options Outstanding 

Range of exercise price 

Options outstanding 

Weighted average remaining contractual life
 (years) 

Weighted average exercise price 

0.01 

199,998 

9.75 

0.01 

4.75 8.00 

3,832,999 

6.68 

5.89 

8.01 13.88 

95,000 

5.81 

9.29 

0.01 13.88 

4,127,997 

6.81 

5.68 

Options Exercisable 

Weighted average exercise
 price 

Range of 
 exercise price 

2000 

1999 

1998 

2000 

1999 

1998 

4.75 
 8.00 

2,308,775 

2,341,275 

1,955,950 

5.88 

5.81 

5.69 

8.01 13.88 

95,000 

73,750 

55,000 

9.29 

9.44 

9.45 

4.75 13.88 

2,403,775 

2,415,025 

2,010,950 

6.01 

5.92 

5.79 

The Company
follows the intrinsic value method in accounting for its stock options. Had compensation costs been determined
consistent with SFAS No. 123, the Company's net income and earnings per share
would have been reduced to the proforma amounts as indicated below: 

2000 

1999 

1998 

Net income 
 - as reported 

6,226,202 

3,257,267 

5,580,774 

Net income 
 - pro forma 

4,691,382 

2,063,092 

4,538,586 

Basic net income per share as reported 

0.51 

0.27 

0.44 

Basic net income per share pro forma 

0.38 

0.17 

0.36 

Diluted net income per share as reported 

0.49 

0.27 

0.43 

Diluted net income per share pro forma 

0.37 

0.17 

0.35 

The fair
value of each option grant was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model for both options granted with an exercise price equal to market price at
the time of issuance and those granted with an exercise price less than market
price at the time of issuance. 2000 was
the first year in which the Company issued options below market price at the
time of issuance. 

 The
following weighted-average assumptions for 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively
were used for options granted with an exercise price equal to the market price
at the time of issuance: risk-free interest rates of 6.20 , 5.79 and 5.28 ;
expected option life of 7.0 years for all three years; expected volatility of
62.7 , 61.6 and 61.4 ; and no expected dividends. The weighted-average fair value of options granted during the
years 2000, 1999, and 1998 was 4.04, 3.18, and 4.30, respectively. 

The
following weighted-average assumptions for 2000 were used for options granted
with an exercise price less than the market price at the time of issuance:
risk-free interest rate of 6.22 ; expected option life of 3.0 years; expected
volatility of 62.7 ; and no expected dividends. The weighted-average fair value
of these options was 6.12. The weighted-average exercise price was .01. 

 The Company
fulfilled the authorization from its Board of Directors to repurchase up to
850,000 shares of its outstanding common stock during the three year period
ended December 31, 1999. These
purchases were executed through open market purchases at prevailing market
prices. As of December 31, 1999, the
Company had repurchased all 850,000 shares authorized under the program at a
total cost of approximately 5.6 million. 
No additional authorizations are currently pending. 

 14. 
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

 The Company
has a lease for an 89,000 square foot office and manufacturing facility with an
entity owned by three significant shareholders and directors of the
Company. The monthly rent stated in the
lease is 56,613, adjusted annually for changes in the Consumer Price Index
(monthly rent expense as of December 2000 was 63,587). The lease expires December 31,
2004. Annual rent expense under this
lease was 0.8 million, 0.7 million, and 0.8 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively. The Company expects only
minor increases in rent expense during the remaining four years of the lease
term in relation to Consumer Price Index adjustments. Taxes, insurance, utilities, and maintenance are the
responsibility of the Company. Future
minimum rental payments under this lease and other equipment and facility
leases at December 31, 2000 are as follows: 

2001 

2,271,000 

2002 

2,084,000 

2003 

1,591,000 

2004 

1,470,000 

2005 

225,000 

Thereafter 

7,641,000 

The Company
expects to renew or replace certain leases at expiration. Total rent expense for 2000, 1999, and 1998
was 2.2 million, 1.6 million, and 1.7 million, respectively. 

 At December
31, 2000, the Company has an agreement for consulting services related to the
implementation of an Oracle based software system. The agreement totals approximately 2.8 million all of which was
outstanding at December 31, 2000 and will be due and payable during 2001.
Approximately 0.6 million was accrued as of December 31, 2000. 

 EAW has
subrogated claims asserted against it from insurance companies who paid claims
made by EAW s landlord and other tenants in the building who were affected by a
fire started by a loaned employee in a portion of the building occupied by EAW
in 1996. The insurance company for the
landlord alleges that EAW is liable for up to 2.1 million for damages to the
building. The Company believes that
these losses are not attributable to it under Massachusetts law. The Company is vigorously defending these
claims. The claims of the other tenants
have been covered by EAW s insurance carrier. 
The ultimate resolution of this matter is not known at this time. No provision has been made in the Company s
consolidated financial statements related to these claims. 

 The Company
is also involved in various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the
ordinary course of business. Management
currently believes that these matters will not have a material adverse impact
on the Company s financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 

 15. SEGMENT
AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION 

The
Company identifies its b usiness segments based on management
responsibility using a combination of products and geographic factors. The Company has three reportable
segments: Mackie Designs Inc. Mackie ),
its Italian subsidiary Mackie Italy and its U.S. subsidiary, Eastern
Acoustic Works, Inc. EAW ). The
Mackie segment offers audio mixers and other professional audio equipment. The Mackie Italy segment offers
loudspeakers, loudspeaker components and Mackie product offerings through its
subsidiaries. The EAW segment, acquired
in April 2000, offers loudspeakers targeted at the mid to high-end of the
installed and touring sound markets. A
summary of key financial data by segment is as follows: 

Mackie 

Mackie 
 Italy 

EAW 

Elimination 
 of 
 intercompany 
 amounts 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 2000: 

Net sales, to external customers 

110,039 

66,839 

30,598 

207,476 

Net sales, intersegment 

13,781 

26,298 

1,678 

(41,757) 

Operating income 

11,793 

4,490 

38 

(1,350) 

14,971 

Interest income 

2,141 

394 

(1,919) 

616 

Interest expense 

(2,350) 

(2,536) 

(1,614) 

1,919 

(4,581) 

Depreciation and amortization 

4,124 

1,891 

1,361 

7,376 

Income taxes 

3,570 

1,199 

(528) 

4,241 

Purchases of property, plant equipment 

4,853 

1,012 

744 

6,609 

Total property, plant equipment, net 

9,586 

10,714 

3,267 

23,567 

Total assets 

118,933 

85,981 

33,982 

(73,698) 

165,198 

Year ended December 31, 1999: 

Net sales to external customers 

96,134 

60,206 

156,340 

Net sales, intersegment 

8,542 

4,733 

(13,275) 

Operating income 

6,754 

1,958 

(536) 

8,176 

Interest income 

1,658 

366 

(1,283) 

741 

Interest expense 

(999) 

(3,056) 

1,283 

(2,772) 

Depreciation and amortization 

4,386 

2,014 

6,400 

Income taxes 

2,351 

460 

2,811 

Purchases of property, plant equipment 

1,499 

1,617 

3,116 

Total property, plant equipment, net 

8,508 

11,994 

__ 

20,502 

Total assets 

73,450 

70,374 

__ 

(22,970) 

120,854 

Year ended December 31, 1998: 

Net sales to external customers 

80,569 

23,585 

104,154 

Operating income 

8,050 

366 

8,416 

Interest income 

1,276 

148 

(642) 

782 

Interest expense 

(583) 

(1,580) 

642 

(1,521) 

Depreciation and amortization 

3,796 

948 

4,744 

Income taxes 

2,238 

64 

2,302 

Purchases of property, plant equipment 

4,269 

1,069 

5,338 

Total property, plant equipment, net 

11,184 

13,385 

__ 

__ 

24,569 

Total assets 

57,222 

62,590 

__ 

(922) 

118,890 

The net
assets of foreign operations of the Company were approximately 13.6 million at
December 31, 2000. 

 Major
operations of the Company outside the U.S. include manufacturing facilities in
Italy, and sales and support offices in Germany, the United Kingdom, France,
the Netherlands and China. Geographic
information for the three years ended December 31, 2000 is presented in the
table that follows. Sales between affiliated entities are excluded from the
numbers below. Net sales, as shown in
the table below, are based upon the geographic area into which the products
were sold and delivered. As such, U.S. export sales of 31.3 million, 17.4
million and 24.1 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, have been
excluded from U.S. reported net sales. 
The profit on transfers between geographic areas is not recognized until
sales are made to non-affiliated customers. 
Long-lived assets exclude goodwill, bonds and deferred income taxes and
are those assets that can be directly associated with a particular geographic
area. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2000 

1999 

1998 

(in thousands) 

Net sales: 

U.S. 

115,466 

80,039 

58,971 

Italy 

20,038 

19,857 

9,645 

Europe, excluding Italy 

39,340 

35,161 

21,965 

The Americas, excluding U.S. 

13,900 

9,994 

8,082 

Asia-Pacific, including Australia and New
 Zealand 

15,556 

8,524 

3,999 

Other 

3,176 

2,765 

1,492 

207,476 

156,340 

104,154 

Long-lived assets: 

U.S. 

13,343 

8,695 

11,718 

Italy 

11,678 

14,078 

13,878 

Europe, excluding Italy 

300 

218 

888 

Asia 

2 

2 

2 

25,323 

22,993 

26,486 

16. 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) (In thousands, except per share
data) 

2000 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Net sales 

45,191 

56,857 

51,434 

53,994 

Gross profit 

16,191 

21,278 

17,550 

17,808 

Net income 

2,419 

2,246 

925 

636 

Basic net income per share 

0.20 

0.19 

0.08 

0.05 

Diluted net income per share 

0.20 

0.17 

0.07 

0.05 

1999 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Net sales 

32,298 

39,969 

40,984 

43,089 

Gross profit 

10,204 

13,910 

13,877 

16,211 

Net income (loss) 

(1,369) 

1,121 

1,713 

1,792 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

(0.11) 

0.09 

0.14 

0.15 

17. 
SUBSEQUENT EVENT 

 In January
2001, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire all the outstanding
shares of Sydec NV Sydec for a total of approximately 4.5 million in cash.
The transaction is expected to close in early April 2001. Based in Belgium, Sydec is recognized as a
leading developer of products and services in the area of embedded electronics 
software, networking, digital signal processing and Windows 
95/98/NT/2000 driver and application development. 

Ite m 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure 

 The
information required by this Item is included in the Company s Form 8-K dated
May 7, 1999 and filed on May 14, 1999 relating to a change in the Company s
certifying accountants from Ernst Young LLP to KPMG LLP and is
incorporated herein by reference. 

PART III 

 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the
Registrant 

 The
information required by this Item is included in the Company s definitive Proxy
Statement for its 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the heading
 Proposal No. 1: Election of
Directors and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

 The
information required by this Item is included in the Company s definitive Proxy
Statement for its 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the heading
 Executive Compensation and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

 The
information required by this Item is included in the Company s definitive Proxy
Statement for its 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the heading
 Principal Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

 The
information required by this Item is included in the Company s definitive Proxy
Statement for its 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the heading
 Certain Transactions and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

 Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and
Reports on Form 8-K 

 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 

1. Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Independent Auditors' Reports on Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31,
 2000 and 1999 

Consolidated Statements of Income for each
 of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2000 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
 each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2000 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Comprehensive
 Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2000 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2 . Financial Statement Schedules: 

Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

All financial statement schedules not
 listed are omitted either because they are not applicable, not required, or
 the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements
 or notes thereto. 

3. Exhibits: See Index to Exhibits on page 57. 

(b) 
 Reports on Form 8-K: 
 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MACKIE DESIGNS INC. 

By: 

/s/ Greg C. Mackie 

Greg C. Mackie 
 Chairman of the Board 

Date: 

March 30, 2001 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities indicated on March 30, 2001. 

Signature 

Title 

/s/ Greg C. Mackie 

Chairman of the Board and Director 

Greg C. Mackie 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ James T. Engen 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

James T. Engen 

/s/ William A. Garrard 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

William A. Garrard 

(Principal Financial and Accounting
 Officer) 

/s/ David M. Tully 

Treasurer and Director 

David M. Tully 

/s/ Raymond B. Ferguson 

Director 

Raymond B. Ferguson 

/s/ Gregory Riker 

Director 

Gregory Riker 

/s/ C. Marcus Sorenson 

Director 

C. Marcus Sorenson 

/s/ Roy D. Wemyss 

Director 

Roy D. Wemyss 

SCHEDULE II - VALUATION
AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

 MACKIE DESIGNS INC. 

Description 

Balance
 at 
 Beginning 
 of Period 

RCF 
 Allowances 
 at Date of 
 Acquisition 

Additions 
 Charged to 
 Expenses 

Deductions
 
 Describe 

Balance
 at 
 End of 
 Period 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000: 

Allowances deducted from
 asset accounts: 

Allowance
 for uncollectible accounts receivable 

1,146,000 

752,000 

819,000 (1) 

1,079,000 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999: 

Allowances deducted from
 asset accounts: 

Allowance
 for uncollectible accounts receivable 

1,421,000 

471,000 

746,000 (1) 

1,146,000 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998: 

Allowances deducted from
 asset accounts: 

Allowance
 for uncollectible accounts receivable 

481,000 

1,008,000 

279,000 

347,000 (1) 

1,421,000 

(1) Uncollectible accounts
written off, net of recoveries, and adjustment to reserves. 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibits 

Description 

3.1 

Restated Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant's Registration Statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S 1,
 as amended, Registration No. 33 93514. 

3.2 

Restated Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant's
 Registration Statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S 1,
 as amended, Registration No. 33 93514. 

4.1 

See Articles II, III and IV of
 Exhibit 3.1 and Sections 1, 5 and 9 of Exhibit 3.2 confirming
 the rights of the holders of Common Stock. 

10.1 

Mackie Designs Inc. Second Amended and
 Restated 1995 Stock Option Plan. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997. 

10.2 

Industrial Lease, dated December 15,
 1994, by and between Mackie Holdings, L.L.C. and Mackie Designs Inc. Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's Registration Statement filed under the
 Securities Act of 1933 on Form S 1, as amended, Registration
 No. 33 93514. 

10.3 

Industrial Real Estate Lease, dated
 April 28, 1995, by and between Intrawest Properties Partnership U.S. and
 Mackie Designs Inc. Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant's Registration Statement filed
 under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S 1, as amended,
 Registration No. 33 93514. 

10.4 

Exhibit C to Industrial Real Estate
 Lease, dated April 28, 1995, by
 and between Intrawest Properties Partnership U.S. and Mackie Designs
 Inc. Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.4A to Registrant's Registration Statement filed under the
 Securities Act of 1933 on Form S 1, as amended, Registration
 No. 33 93514. 

10.5 

Mackie Sales Representative Agreement,
 dated January 24, 1994, by and between Mackie Designs Inc. and
 C.M. Sorenson Co. dba Calwest Marketing So. Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant's Registration Statement filed under the
 Securities Act of 1933 on Form S 1, as amended, Registration
 No. 33 93514. 

10.6 

Exhibit C to Mackie Sales
 Representative Agreement, dated 
 January 24, 1994, by and between Mackie Designs Inc. and C. M. Sorenson
 Co. dba Calwest Marketing So. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5A to Registrant's
 Registration Statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S 1,
 as amended, Registration No. 33 93514. 

10.7 

Mackie Designs Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing
 Plan dated December 20, 1993. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Registrant's
 Registration Statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S 1,
 as amended, Registration No. 33 93514. 

10.8 

Employee Agreement dated May 19, 1997
 between William A. Garrard and Mackie Designs Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's
 Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the period ended June 30,
 1997. 

10.9 

Promissory Note dated October 27, 1997 made
 by Mackie Designs Inc. to the order of U. S. Bank of Washington, National
 Associated, in the principal amount of 5,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Registrant s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 1997. 

10.10 

Credit Agreement dated June 18, 1998
 between U.S. Bank National Association and Mackie Designs Inc. in the
 principal amount of 14,000,000. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 1998. 

10.11 

Acquisition Note dated June 18, 1998 made
 by Mackie Designs Inc. to the order of U.S. Bank National Association in the
 principal amount of 13,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to
 Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30,
 1998. 

10.12 

Revolving Note dated June 18, 1998 made by
 Mackie Designs Inc. to the order of U.S. Bank National Association in the
 amount of 5,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
 Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30,
 1998. 

10.13 

First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated
 June 29, 1998 between Mackie Designs Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association.
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 1998. 

10.14 

Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement between
 the Company and Radio Cine Forniture (R.C.F.) S.p.A. consisting of letters
 dated November 9, 1997, April 30, 1998, June 25, 1998, and June 29, 1998.
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant's Current Report on
 Form 8-K dated June 29, 1998. 

10.15 

Loan Agreement dated October 21, 1999
 between James T. Engen and Mackie Designs, Inc. in the amount of
 250,000. Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.20 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
 ended December 31, 1999. 

10.16 

Second Amendment to Employment Agreement of
 William A. Garrard dated September 28, 1999 between William A. Garrard and
 Mackie Designs, Inc. Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 period ended December 31, 1999. 

10.17 

Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement dated
 April 6, 2000 between the Company and Eastern Acoustic Works, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2
 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 6, 2000. 

10.18 

Fourth Amendment dated March 31, 2000 to
 Credit Agreement dated June 29, 1998 between Mackie Designs Inc. and U.S.
 Bank National Association. 

10.19 

Fifth Amendment dated July 28, 2000 to
 Credit Agreement dated June 29, 1998 between Mackie Designs Inc. and U.S.
 Bank National Association. 

10.20 

Sixth Amendment dated September 28, 2000 to
 Credit Agreement dated June 29, 1998 between Mackie Designs Inc. and U.S.
 Bank National Association. 

10.21 

Employment Agreement of Wyatt Hyora dated
 July 26, 2000 between Wyatt Hyora and Mackie Designs, Inc. 

10.22 

Employment Agreement of Laura Stutsman
 dated December 12, 2000 between Laura Stutsman and Mackie Designs, Inc. 

11.1 

Computation of net income per share. Incorporated by reference to the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report to Shareholders of
 Mackie Designs Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2000. 

13.1 

Annual Report to Shareholders of Mackie
 Designs Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2000. 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of Mackie Designs Inc. 

23.1 

Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Auditors. 

23.2 

Consent of Ernst Young LLP,
 Independent Auditors. 

______________________________ 

 Filed herewith 

<EX-10.17>
 2
 j0213_ex10-17.htm

Prepared by MerrillDirect 

Exhibit 10.18 
March 31, 2000 

FOURTH
AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This
fourth amendment to credit agreement (this Amendment is made and entered
into as of March 31, 2000, by and among U.S. BANK NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, a national banking association U.S. Bank ), and MACKIE
DESIGNS INC., a Washington corporation Borrower ). 

 R E C I T A L S: 

 A. On or about June 18, 1998,
U.S. Bank and Borrower entered into that certain credit agreement
(together with all amendments, supplements, exhibits, and modifications
thereto, the Credit Agreement whereby U.S. Bank agreed to extend
certain credit facilities to Borrower. 
U.S. Bank and Borrower have entered into three amendments to the
Credit Agreement. 

 B. Borrower has requested U.S. Bank to
(1) extend the expiry and maturity date of the Revolving Loan,
(2) increase the amount of the Acquisition Loan to 29,714,000, and
(3) modify certain financial covenants set forth in the Credit
Agreement. The purpose of this Amendment
is to set forth the terms and conditions upon which U.S. Bank will grant
Borrower s requests. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions set forth
herein, the parties agree as follows: 

 ARTICLE I. AMENDMENT 

 The
Credit Agreement, as well as all of the other Loan Documents, are hereby
amended as set forth herein. Except as
specifically provided for herein, all of the terms and conditions of the Credit
Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and
effect throughout the terms of the Loans, as well as any extensions or renewals
thereof. 

 ARTICLE II. DEFINITIONS 

 As
used herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings given to them in the
Credit Agreement, except as otherwise defined herein, or as the context
otherwise requires. Section 1.1 of
the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to modify or add (as the case may be)
the following definitions: 

 Applicable
Margin means the rate per annum that is determined by reference to the
following matrix and based upon the quarterly financial statements of Borrower
provided to U. S. Bank in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
for the preceding fiscal quarter of Borrower. 
Adjustments shall be made 60 days after the end of each fiscal quarter
of Borrower (when quarterly financial statements are required to be delivered
to U. S. Bank); provided, however, that if Borrower has not delivered
its financial statements for the previous fiscal quarter within 60 days of the
end of such fiscal quarter, then the Applicable Margin in effect for the previous
fiscal quarter shall continue to apply unless U. S. Bank exercises
its right to impose the default rate provided for in this Agreement. 

Through and Including 12/31/00 

Funded Debt Ratio 

Prime
 Rate 
 Applicable Margin 

LIBOR
 Rate 
 Applicable Margin 

> 3.0:1.0 

0.50 

2.25 

3.0:1.0
 and > 2.0:1.0 

0.25 

2.00 

2.0:1.0
 and > 1.0:1.0 

0 

1.50 

1.0:1.0 

0 

1.25 

After
12/31/00 

Funded Debt Ratio 

Prime
 Rate 
 Applicable Margin 

LIBOR
 Rate 
 Applicable Margin 

> 2.0:1.0 

0.25 

2.00 

2.0:1.0
 and > 1.0:1.0 

0 

1.50 

1.0:1.0 

0 

1.25 

Where: 
 = less than
or equal to 
 > = greater than 

 The Applicable Margins set forth above
shall apply unless there exists an Event of Default, in which case
U. S. Bank may elect to apply the default rate pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement. The Funded Debt
Ratio as used in this definition shall be calculated as of the last day of the
relevant fiscal quarter of Borrower for the four trailing fiscal quarters then
ended. 
 Debt Service Coverage Ratio means the ratio of (a) EBITDA, less
(i) cash paid by Borrower during the relevant period for Capital
Expenditures, which cash does not constitute proceeds of purchase money Capital
Expenditure loans made to Borrower, (ii) taxes paid by Borrower in cash or
cash equivalents, and (iii) dividends, distributions paid to Borrower s
shareholders, to (b) Debt Service. 

EAW means Eastern Acoustic Works, Inc.,
a Massachusetts corporation. EAW
Entities means EAW, SIA Software Company, Inc., a New York corporation, and
Blackstone Technologies, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation. EAW Entity Guaranties has the meaning set
forth in Article VIII (d) of this Amendment and includes all amendments
and replacements thereof. EAW Entity
Security Agreements has the meaning set forth in Article VIII (b) of this
Amendment and includes all amendments and replacements thereof. Guarantor means, collectively, Mackie
Designs Manufacturing Inc., a Washington corporation, and Eastern Acoustic
Works, a Massachusetts corporation. 
 Guaranty means, collectively, the EAW Entity Guaranties and the MDM Guaranty. 
 Interest Period means as to any LIBOR Rate Borrowing , a period of one, two,
three, six, nine or 12 months commencing on the date the LIBOR Borrowing Rate
becomes applicable thereto; provided however, that: (a) no Interest Period shall be selected that would extend
beyond the maturity date of the applicable Loan; (b) any Interest Period that would otherwise expire
on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding
Business Day, unless the result of such extension would be to extend such
Interest Period into another calendar month, in which event the Interest Period
shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day; and (c) any Interest
Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day
for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at
the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of a
calendar month during which the applicable Interest Period expires. 
 LIBOR Borrowing Rate means the LIBOR Rate (Reserved Adjusted) plus the
Applicable Margin in effect as of the first day of the applicable LIBOR Rate
Borrowing. 
 LIBOR Rate means the average offered rate (computed on the basis of a 360 day
year and the actual number of days elapsed) for deposits in United States
Dollars for delivery of such deposits on the day that is two Business Days
preceding the first day of the applicable Interest Period of a LIBOR Rate
Borrowing for the number of days comprised therein for the number of days
comprised therein, which appears on Telerate Page 3750 as of 11:00 a.m.,
London time (or such other time as of which such rate appears) or the rate for
such deposits determined by U.S. Bank at such time based on such other
published service of general application as shall be selected by U.S. Bank
for such purpose; provided, that in lieu of determining the rate in the
foregoing manner, U.S. Bank may determine the rate based on rates offered
to U.S. Bank for deposits in United States Dollars in the interbank
Eurodollar market at such time for delivery on the first day of the Interest
Period for the number of days comprised therein. Telerate Page 3750 means the display designated as such on the
Bridge Telerate, Inc. service or any successor service (or such other page as
may replace page 3750 on that service for the purpose of displaying London
interbank offered rates of major banks for United States Dollar deposits). 

LIBOR Rate (Reserved Adjusted) means a
rate per annum calculated for the applicable Interest Period of a LIBOR Rate
Borrowing in accordance with the following formula: 

LRRA= 

LIBOR
 Rate 

1.00
 - LRR 

In such formula, LRR means LIBOR
Reserve Rate and LRRA means LIBOR Rate (Reserve Adjusted) , in each
instance determined by U.S. Bank for the applicable Interest Period. U.S. Bank s determination of all such
rates for any Interest Period shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest
error. 

 LIBOR
Reserve Rate means a percentage equal to the daily average during the
applicable Interest Period of the aggregate maximum reserve requirements
(including all basic, supplemental, marginal, and other reserves), as specified
under Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, or any other applicable
regulation that prescribes reserve requirements applicable to Eurocurrency
liabilities (as presently defined in Regulation D) or applicable to
extensions of credit by U.S. Bank the rate of interest on which is
determined with regard to rates applicable to Eurocurrency liabilities. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Eurocurrency reserve requirement shall reflect any reserves
required to be maintained by U.S. Bank against (a) any category of
liabilities that includes deposits by reference to which the LIBOR Rate is to
be determined, or (b) any category of extensions of credit or other assets
that includes LIBOR Rate Borrowings. 

 Loan
Documents means this Agreement, the Notes, the Security Agreements, the EAW
Entity Security Agreements, the Guaranty and the Pledge Agreement, together
with all other agreements, instruments and documents arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or the Loans, and includes all renewals, replacements and
amendments thereof. 

 MDM
Guaranty means the guaranty from Mackie Designs Manufacturing Inc., duly
executed and delivered to U.S. Bank, and includes all replacements,
amendments and modifications of the MDM Guaranty. 

 Pledge
Agreement has the meaning set forth in Article VIII (e) of this Amendment
and includes all amendments and replacements thereof. 

 ARTICLE III.
MODIFICATIONS TO REVOLVING LOAN 

 3.1 Extension of Expiry and Maturity Date 

 Section 2.1
of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
following: 

Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth
herein and in reliance upon the representations, warranties, and covenants of
Borrower contained herein or made pursuant hereto, U.S. Bank will make
Fundings to Borrower from time to time during the period ending on
April 30, 2002 the Commitment Period ), but such Fundings (together with
any outstanding Letters of Credit) shall not exceed, in the aggregate principal
amount at any one time outstanding, 5,000,000 (the Revolving Loan ). Borrower may borrow, repay, and reborrow
hereunder either the full amount of the Revolving Loan or any lesser sum. 

3.2 Use of Proceeds 

 Section 2.2 of the Agreement is
hereby amended to reflect that the proceeds of the Revolving Loan may be used
by Borrower to finance the operations of the EAW Entities. 

 3.3 Renewal Revolving Note 

 Concurrently with the execution of this
Amendment, Borrower shall execute and deliver to U.S. Bank a renewal
promissory note in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A Renewal
Revolving Note which shall continue to evidence the Revolving Loan. The Revolving Note and all previous renewals
thereof shall be marked Renewed and retained by U.S. Bank until the
Revolving Loan is paid in full and U.S. Bank s commitment to advance
Fundings thereunder is terminated. 

 3.4 Revolving Loan Fee 

 Concurrently with the execution of this
Amendment, Borrower shall pay U.S. Bank a nonrefundable loan fee for the
Revolving Loan in the amount of 6,250. 

 3.5 Letters of Credit 

 Section 2.7(a) of the Credit
Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

(a)
 Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein and in reliance
 upon the representations, warranties, and covenants of Borrower contained
 herein or made pursuant hereto, U. S. Bank will issue standby and
 commercial letters of credit (the Letters of Credit for the
 benefit of Borrower in forms acceptable to U. S. Bank from time to
 time during the Commitment Period. 
 The expiration date of any Letter of Credit shall not extend beyond
 October 31, 2002. The maximum
 aggregate amount of outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate
 outstanding amount of principal and interest on the Revolving Loan shall not
 exceed, at any one time, 5,000,000. 

ARTICLE IV. MODIFICATIONS TO ACQUISITION LOAN 

 4.1 Loan
Commitment 

 Section 3.1(b)
of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
following: 

(b)
 Acquisition Loan Commitment means the sum of (i) 29,714,000, less
(ii) on an aggregate basis, on March 31 of each year (commencing
March 31, 2001) 2,714,286, less (iii) on an aggregate basis, on
September 30 of each year (commencing September 30, 2000)
 1,828,571,and less (iv) the aggregate amount of all Disposition Payments. 

4.2 Use of Proceeds 

 Section 3.2 of the Agreement is
hereby amended to reflect that up to 19,000,000 of the proceeds of the
Acquisition Loan shall be used for the acquisition by Borrower of all of the
issued and outstanding stock of EAW and the payment in full of all indebtedness
of EAW to Fleet National Bank. After
completion of the EAW acquisition and the payment in full of Fleet National
Bank, the proceeds of the Acquisition Loan may be used by Borrower for general
corporate purposes, including the financing of the operations of the EAW
Entities. 

 4.3 Renewal Acquisition Note 

 Concurrently with the execution of this
Amendment, Borrower shall execute and deliver to U.S. Bank a renewal
promissory note in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B Renewal
Acquisition Note which shall continue to evidence the Acquisition Loan. The Acquisition Note and all previous
renewals thereof shall be marked Renewed and retained by U.S. Bank until
the Acquisition Loan is paid in full and U.S. Bank s commitment to advance
Fundings thereunder is terminated. 

 4.4 Disbursement Under Acquisition Loan 

 Borrower shall not be entitled to the
advance of any Acquisition Loan proceeds to finance the EAW acquisition or to
pay the indebtedness of EAW to Fleet National Bank unless and until Borrower
has received written notice from U.S. Bank that the following conditions
have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of U.S. Bank: 

 (a) U.S. Bank
shall have received, reviewed, and approved all agreements, instruments, and
other documents (together with the substance thereof) arising out of or related
to the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding stock of EAW; and 

 (b) U.S. Bank
shall have received, reviewed, and approved the structure of and accounting
with respect to the acquisition of EAW. 

 4.5 Acquisition Loan Fee 

 Concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement, Borrower shall pay U.S. Bank a
nonrefundable fee in the amount of 95,000. 

 ARTICLE V. GENERAL
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE LOANS 

 5.1 LIBOR
Rate Borrowing Provisions 

 Sections 4.9,
4.10 and 4.11 of Credit Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety and
replaced with the following: 

4.9 LIBOR
 Rate Borrowing Provisions 

(a) The
 minimum amount of each LIBOR Rate Borrowing shall be 1,000,000 with
 increments of 500,000 in excess thereof. 

(b) Payments
 and prepayments of all or any portion of any LIBOR Rate Borrowing prior to
 the expiration of the applicable Interest Period shall be subject to the
 payment by Borrower to U.S. Bank of amounts due pursuant to
 Section 4.9(c). 

(c) Borrower
 will indemnify U.S. Bank upon demand against any loss or expense that
 U.S. Bank may sustain or incur (including, without limitation, any loss
 or expense sustained or incurred in obtaining, liquidating or employing
 deposits or other funds acquired to effect, fund, or maintain any LIBOR Rate
 Borrowing) as a consequence of (i) any failure of Borrower to make any
 payment when due of any amount due hereunder or under the Notes,
 (ii) any failure of Borrower to borrow, continue or convert any LIBOR
 Rate Borrowing on a date specified therefor in a notice thereof, or
 (iii) any payment, prepayment or conversion of any LIBOR Rate Borrowing
 on a date other than the last day of the Interest Period for such LIBOR Rate
 Borrowing. Determinations by
 U.S. Bank for purposes of this Section 4.6(c) of the amount
 required to indemnify U.S. Bank shall be conclusive in the absence of
 manifest error. 

(d) Upon
 any termination of any LIBOR Rate Borrowing as a result of
 (i) acceleration under Section 9.2 hereof, or (ii) repayment
 in response to a mandatory repayment under Section 4.11, Borrower shall
 pay to U.S. Bank on demand such amount as U.S. Bank reasonably
 determines (determined as though 100 percent of the applicable LIBOR
 Rate Borrowing had been funded in the applicable Eurodollar market) is
 equivalent to all direct or indirect losses, expenses, liabilities, or
 reductions in yield to U.S. Bank resulting therefrom, whether incurred
 in connection with liquidation or reemployment of funds or otherwise. Determinations by U.S. Bank for purposes
 of this Section 4.6(d) of the amount required to indemnify
 U.S. Bank shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 

(e) Notwithstanding
 any other term of this Agreement, Borrower may not select the LIBOR Borrowing
 Rate if an Event of Default hereunder has occurred and is continuing. 

(f) Nothing
 contained in this Agreement, including, without limitation, the determination
 of any Interest Period or U.S. Bank s quotation of any LIBOR Borrowing
 Rate, shall be construed to prejudice U.S. Bank s right to decline to
 make any requested Funding provided that U.S. Bank acts in accordance
 with the provisions of this Agreement. 

4.10 Deposits Unavailable or Interest
 Rate Unascertainable or 
 Inadequate;
 Impracticability 

If
 U.S. Bank determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding
 on the parties hereto) that: 

(a) Deposits
 of the necessary amount for the relevant Interest Period for any LIBOR Rate
 Borrowing are not available to U.S. Bank in the relevant markets or
 that, by reason of circumstances affecting such market, adequate and
 reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBOR Rate for such
 Interest Period; 

(b) The
 LIBOR Rate (Reserved Adjusted) will not adequately and fairly reflect the
 cost to U.S. Bank of making or funding the LIBOR Rate Borrowing for a relevant
 Interest Period; or 

(c) The
 making or funding of LIBOR Rate Borrowing has become impracticable as a
 result of any event occurring after the date of this Agreement which, in the
 opinion of U.S. Bank, materially and adversely affects such LIBOR Rate
 Borrowing or U.S. Bank s commitment to make such LIBOR Rate Borrowing or
 the relevant market; 

U.S. Bank
 shall promptly give notice of such determination to Borrower, and
 (i) any notice of a new LIBOR Rate Borrowing previously given by
 Borrower and not yet borrowed or converted shall be deemed to be a notice to
 make a Prime Rate Borrowing, and (ii) Borrower shall be obligated to
 either repay in full any outstanding LIBOR Rate Borrowings, on the last day
 of the current Interest Period with respect thereto or convert any such LIBOR
 Rate Borrowing to a Prime Rate Borrowing on such last day. 

4.11 Changes in Law Rendering LIBOR
 Rate Borrowing Unlawful 

If at any
 time due to the adoption of any law, rule, regulation, treaty, or directive,
 or any change therein or in the interpretation or administration thereof by
 any court, central bank, governmental authority, agency, or instrumentality,
 or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration
 thereof, or for any other reason arising subsequent to the date of this
 Agreement, it shall become unlawful or impossible for U.S. Bank to make
 or fund any LIBOR Rate Borrowing, the obligation of U.S. Bank to provide
 such LIBOR Rate Borrowing shall, upon the happening of such event, forthwith
 be suspended for the duration of such illegality or impossibility. If any such event shall make it unlawful
 or impossible for U.S. Bank to continue any LIBOR Rate Borrowing
 previously made by it hereunder, U.S. Bank shall, upon the happening of
 such event, notify Borrower thereof in writing, and Borrower shall, at the
 time notified by U.S. Bank, either convert each such unlawful LIBOR Rate
 Borrowing to a Prime Rate Borrowing or repay such LIBOR Rate Borrowing in
 full, together with accrued interest thereon, subject to the provisions of
 Section 4.6(d). 

4.12 Increased Costs 

If,
 as a result of any law, rule, regulation, treaty, or directive, or any change
 therein or in the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by
 U.S. Bank with any request or directive (whether or not having the force
 of law) from any court, central bank, governmental authority, agency, or
 instrumentality, or comparable agency: 

(a) Any
 tax, duty, or other charge to the Loans, the Notes or the commitments is
 imposed thereunder, modified or deemed applicable, or the basis of taxation
 of payments to U.S. Bank of interest or principal of the Loans or of the
 commitment fees (other than taxes imposed on the overall net income of
 U.S. Bank by the jurisdiction in which has its principal office) is
 changed; 

(b) Any
 reserve, special deposit, special assessment, or similar requirement against
 assets of, deposits with, or for the account of, or credit extended by,
 U.S. Bank is imposed, modified, or deemed applicable; 

(c) Any
 increase in the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by
 U.S. Bank or any Person controlling U.S. Bank is imposed, modified,
 or deemed applicable; or 

(d) Any
 other condition affecting this Agreement or the commitments hereunder is imposed
 on U.S. Bank or the relevant funding markets; 

and
 U.S. Bank determines that, by reason thereof, the cost to U.S. Bank
 of making or maintaining the Loans or the commitment is increased, or the
 amount of any sum receivable by U.S. Bank hereunder or under the Notes
 is reduced; 

then , Borrower
 shall pay to U.S. Bank upon demand such additional amount or amounts as
 will compensate U.S. Bank (or the controlling Person in the instance of
 (c) above) for such additional costs or reduction (provided that
 U.S. Bank has not been compensated for such additional cost or reduction
 in the calculation of the LIBOR Reserve Rate). Determinations by U.S. Bank for purposes of this
 Section 4.12 of the additional amounts required to compensate
 U.S. Bank shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. In determining such amounts,
 U.S. Bank may use any reasonable averaging, attribution, and allocation
 methods. 

4.13 Discretion of U.S. Bank as
 to Manner of Funding 

Notwithstanding
 any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, U.S. Bank shall be
 entitled to fund and maintain its funding of all or any part of the Loans in
 any manner it elects; it being understood, however, that for purposes of this
 Agreement, all determinations hereunder shall be made as if U.S. Bank
 had actually funded and maintained each LIBOR Rate Borrowing during the
 Interest Period for such LIBOR Rate Borrowing through the purchase of
 deposits having a term corresponding to such Interest Period and bearing an
 interest rate equal to the LIBOR Rate for such Interest Period (whether or
 not U.S. Bank shall have granted any participations in such LIBOR Rate
 Borrowing). 

ARTICLE VI. NEGATIVE
COVENANTS 

 6.1 Tangible
Net Worth 

 Section 7.15 of the
Credit Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

At any
 time during the terms of the Loans, permit Tangible Net Worth to be less than
 the sum of (a) 30,000,000, plus, on an aggregate basis, (ii) as of the
 end of each of Borrower's first fiscal quarters (commencing with Borrower's first
 fiscal quarter in the year 2000), an amount equal to 50 percent of Borrower's
 consolidated net income, without reduction for any consolidated net losses
 experienced by Borrower in any fiscal year. 

6.2 

Working Capital 

Section 7.16 of the Credit Agreement is
 hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

At any time during the terms of the
 Loans, permit Working Capital to be less than the sum of (a) 35,000,000,
 plus, on an aggregate basis, (ii) as of the end of each of Borrower's
 first fiscal quarters (commencing with Borrower's first fiscal quarter in the
 year 2000), an amount equal to 50 percent of Borrower's consolidated net
 income, without reduction for any consolidated net losses experienced by
 Borrower in any fiscal year. 

6.3 

Debt Service Coverage 

Section 7.17 of
 the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

Permit the
 Debt Service Coverage Ratio to be less than 1.25:1.00 as of the end of any
 fiscal quarter of Borrower for the trailing four-quarters then ended. 

6.4 

Funded Debt Ratio 

Section 7.18 of
 the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

As of the
 end of any fiscal quarter of Borrower for the trailing four-quarters then
 ended, permit the Funded Debt Ratio to be greater than the following: 

Time Period 

Maximum Funded Debt 
 Ratio 

3/31/00 - 12/31/00 

3.5:1.0 

Thereafter 

2.5:1.0 

ARTICLE VII.
MODIFICATION TO SECURITY AGREEMENTS 

 The
parties agree that the schedules attached to the Security Agreements shall be
replaced with Schedules I attached to this Amendment. Borrower hereby authorizes U.S. Bank to
replace the schedules attached to the Security Agreements with Schedules I
attached hereto and to refile the Security Agreements with the appropriate
Governmental Bodies. 

ARTICLE VIII. CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT 

 The
modifications set forth in this Amendment shall not be effective unless and
until the following conditions have been fulfilled to U.S. Bank s
satisfaction: 

 (a) U.S. Bank
shall have received this Amendment, the Renewal Revolving Note, and the Renewal
Acquisition Note duly executed and delivered by the parties hereto. 

 (b) U.S. Bank
shall have received, duly executed and delivered by each of the EAW Entities, a
security agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the EAW
Entity Security Agreements ), granting to U.S. Bank a first priority and
exclusive security interest in all of the personal property of the EAW
Entities, whether tangible or intangible, now owned or hereafter acquired,
together with landlord waivers executed and delivered by EAW s landlords in a
form reasonably designated by U.S. Bank. 

 (c) U.S. Bank
shall have received, duly executed and delivered by each of the EAW Entities,
such financing statements and other documents deemed necessary by U.S. Bank
to perfect the security interest granted to U.S. Bank. 

 (d) U.S. Bank
has received a guaranty from each of the EAW Entities, duly executed and
delivered, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the EAW Entity
Guaranties ). 

 (e) U.S. Bank
shall have received, duly executed and delivered by Borrower, a pledge
agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E Pledge Agreement ),
pledging to U.S. Bank a first priority Lien against all of the outstanding
capital stock of EAW, together with an assignment separate from certificate for
each share certificate pledged and the originals of all share certificates
representing the stock pledged thereunder. 

 (f) Borrower
shall have paid the loan fees provided for in this Amendment. 

 (g) U.S. Bank
shall have received, reviewed and approved all agreements and documents arising
out of or related to the EAW acquisition and the payoff of EAW s indebtedness
to Fleet National Bank. 

 (h) There
shall not exist any Default or Event of Default under the Credit Agreement or
any other Loan Document. 

 (i) All
representations and warranties of Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement or
otherwise made in writing in connection therewith or herewith shall be true and
correct and in all material respects have the same effect as though such
representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date of this
Amendment. 

 (j) U.S. Bank
shall have received, reviewed and approved all organizational documents and a
current certificate of good standing for each of the EAW Entities, together
with such board resolutions for the board of directors of the EAW Entities,
Borrower and Mackie Designs Manufacturing Inc. as deemed necessary by
U.S. Bank. 

ARTICLE IX. GENERAL
PROVISIONS 

 9.1 Representations
and Warranties 

 Borrower
hereby represents and warrants to U.S. Bank that as of the date of this
Amendment, there exists no Default or Event of Default. All representations and warranties of
Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents, or otherwise
made in writing in connection therewith, are true and correct as of the date of
this Amendment. U.S. Bank acknowledges the disclosure by Borrower of the existence
of the case entitled The Travelers Insurance Company v. Eastern Acoustic Works,
Inc., et al vs. Eastern Acoustic Works, Inc., Superior Court Department,
Worcester Massachusetts, Civil Action No. 97-0922-B, and agrees that neither
the existence of such case nor the results of any trial or any pending motions
in such case will be deemed a violation of any warranty or representation given
by Borrower or Eastern Acoustic Works, Inc. either in this Agreement or any
other agreement or documentation given in connection herewith. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that
all of Borrower s Indebtedness to U.S. Bank is payable without offset,
defense, or counterclaim. 

 9.2 Security 

 All
Loan Documents evidencing U.S. Bank s security interest in the Collateral
shall remain in full force and effect, and shall continue to secure, without
change in priority, the payment and performance of the Loans, as amended
herein, and any other Indebtedness owing from Borrower to U.S. Bank. 

 9.3 Guaranty 

 The
parties hereto agree that the Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect
and continue to guarantee the repayment of the Loans to U.S. Bank as set
forth in such Guaranty. 

 9.4 Payment
of Expenses 

 Borrower
shall pay on demand all costs and expenses of U.S. Bank incurred in
connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, and delivery of this
Amendment, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees incurred
by U.S. Bank. 

 9.5 Survival
of Credit Agreement 

 The
terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan
Documents shall survive until all of Borrower s obligations under the Credit
Agreement are satisfied in full. 

 9.6 Year
2000 

 Borrower has reviewed and assessed its business
operations and computer systems and applications to address the year 2000
problem (that is, that computer applications and equipment used by Borrower,
directly or indirectly through third parties, may have been or may be unable to
properly perform date-sensitive functions before, during and after
January 1, 2000). Borrower
represents and warrants that the year 2000 problem has not resulted in and to
the best knowledge of Borrower will not result in a material adverse change in
Borrower s business condition (financial or otherwise), operations, properties
or prospects or ability to repay U.S. Bank. Borrower agrees that this representation and warranty will be
true and correct on and shall be deemed made by Borrower on each date Borrower
requests any Funding under this Agreement or Revolving Note or delivers any
information to U.S. Bank. Borrower
will promptly deliver to U.S. Bank such information relating to this
representation and warranty as U.S. Bank requests from time to time. 

9.7 Counterparts 

 This Amendment may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original agreement, but
all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

 9.8 Statutory Notice 

 ORAL AGREEMENTS OR ORAL COMMITMENTS TO
LOAN MONEY, EXTEND CREDIT, OR TO FORBEAR FROM ENFORCING REPAYMENT OF A DEBT ARE
NOT ENFORCEABLE UNDER WASHINGTON LAW. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, U.S. Bank and Borrower have caused this Amendment to
be duly executed by their respective duly authorized signatories as of the date
first above written. 

MACKIE
 DESIGNS INC. 

By 

Name: 

Title: 

U.S. BANK
 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By 

Ann
 B. Caldwell, Vice President 

REAFFIRMATION
OF GUARANTY AND COLLATERAL 
DOCUMENTS 

The undersigned hereby: (a) acknowledges that it has read the
foregoing Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, (b) reaffirms its
obligations under the Guaranty and the Security Agreement and other collateral
documents evidencing security interests granted by the undersigned to
U.S. Bank to secure the obligations of Borrower to U.S. Bank,
(c) agrees that its Guaranty guarantees and its Security Agreement secures
the repayment of the Loans, as amended by the foregoing Fourth Amendment to
Credit Agreement, and (d) acknowledges that its obligations pursuant to
its Guaranty and the Security Agreement are enforceable without defense,
offset, or counterclaim. 

MACKIE
 DESIGNS MANUFACTURING INC. 

By 

Name: 

Title: 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.19>
 3
 j0213_ex10-19.htm

Prepared by MerrillDirect 

Exhibit 10.19 
 July, 28 2000 

FIFTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This fifth amendment to credit agreement
(this Amendment is made and entered into as of July 28, 2000, by and
among U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association U.S. Bank ), and MACKIE DESIGNS INC., a Washington corporation Borrower ). 

R E C I T A L S: 

A. On
or about June 18, 1998, U.S. Bank and Borrower entered into that
certain credit agreement (together with all amendments, supplements, exhibits,
and modifications thereto, the Credit Agreement whereby U.S. Bank
agreed to extend certain credit facilities to Borrower. U.S. Bank and Borrower have entered
into four amendments to the Credit Agreement. 

 B. Borrower
has requested U.S. Bank to (1) increase the amount of the Revolving
Loan to 7,500,000, and (2) increase the sublimit for the issuance of
Letters of Credit. The purpose of this
Amendment is to set forth the terms and conditions upon which U.S. Bank
will grant Borrower s requests. 

 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
mutual covenants and conditions set forth herein, the parties agree as follows: 

 ARTICLE I. AMENDMENT 

 The Credit Agreement, as well as all of
the other Loan Documents, are hereby amended as set forth herein. Except as specifically provided for herein,
all of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement and each of the other
Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect throughout the terms of
the Loans, as well as any extensions or renewals thereof. 

ARTICLE II. DEFINITIONS 

 As used herein, capitalized terms shall
have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement, except as otherwise
defined herein, or as the context otherwise requires. 

 ARTICLE
III. MODIFICATIONS TO REVOLVING
LOAN 

 3.1 Loan
Commitment 

 Section 2.1 of the Credit Agreement
is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

Subject
to and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein and in reliance upon the
representations, warranties, and covenants of Borrower contained herein or made
pursuant hereto, U.S. Bank will make Fundings to Borrower from time to
time during the period ending on April 30, 2002 the Commitment Period ),
but such Fundings (together with any outstanding Letters of Credit) shall not
exceed, in the aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding,
 7,500,000 (the Revolving Loan ). 
Borrower may borrow, repay, and reborrow hereunder either the full
amount of the Revolving Loan or any lesser sum. 

3.2 Renewal
Revolving Note 

 Concurrently with the execution of this
Amendment, Borrower shall execute and deliver to U.S. Bank a renewal
promissory note in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A Renewal
Revolving Note which shall continue to evidence the Revolving Loan. The Revolving Note and all previous renewals
thereof shall be marked Renewed and retained by U.S. Bank until the
Revolving Loan is paid in full and U.S. Bank s commitment to advance
Fundings thereunder is terminated. 

 3.3 Revolving
Loan Fee 

 Concurrently with the execution of this
Amendment, Borrower shall pay U.S. Bank a nonrefundable loan fee for the
Revolving Loan in the amount of 2,343. 

 3.4 Letters
of Credit 

 Section 2.7(a) of the Credit
Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

(a) Subject to and upon the terms and
conditions set forth herein and in reliance upon the representations,
warranties, and covenants of Borrower contained herein or made pursuant hereto,
U.S. Bank will issue standby and commercial letters of credit (the
 Letters of Credit for the benefit of Borrower in forms acceptable to
U.S. Bank from time to time during the Commitment Period. The expiration date of any Letter of Credit
shall not extend beyond October 31, 2002. 
The maximum aggregate amount of outstanding Letters of Credit plus the
aggregate outstanding amount of principal and interest on the Revolving Loan
shall not exceed, at any one time, 7,500,000. 

ARTICLE IX. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

 The modifications set forth in this
Amendment shall not be effective unless and until the following conditions have
been fulfilled to U.S. Bank s satisfaction: 

 (a) U.S. Bank
shall have received this Amendment and the Renewal Revolving Note duly executed
and delivered by the parties hereto. 

 (b) Borrower
shall have paid the loan fees provided for in this Amendment. 

 (c) There
shall not exist any Default or Event of Default under the Credit Agreement or
any other Loan Document. 

 (d) All
representations and warranties of Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement or
otherwise made in writing in connection therewith or herewith shall be true and
correct and in all material respects have the same effect as though such
representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date of this
Amendment. 

 ARTICLE X. GENERAL PROVISIONS 

 5.1 Representations
and Warranties 

 Borrower hereby represents and warrants
to U.S. Bank that as of the date of this Amendment, there exists no
Default or Event of Default. All
representations and warranties of Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement and
the Loan Documents, or otherwise made in writing in connection therewith, are
true and correct as of the date of this Amendment. U.S. Bank acknowledges
the disclosure by Borrower of the existence of the case entitled The Travelers
Insurance Company v. Eastern Acoustic Works, Inc., et al vs. Eastern Acoustic
Works, Inc., Superior Court Department, Worcester Massachusetts, Civil Action
No. 97-0922-B, and agrees that neither the existence of such case nor the
results of any trial or any pending motions in such case will be deemed a
violation of any warranty or representation given by Borrower or Eastern
Acoustic Works, Inc. either in this Agreement or any other agreement or
documentation given in connection herewith. 
Borrower acknowledges and agrees that all of Borrower s
Indebtedness to U.S. Bank is payable without offset, defense, or
counterclaim. 

 5.2 Security 

 All Loan Documents evidencing
U.S. Bank s security interest in the Collateral shall remain in full force
and effect, and shall continue to secure, without change in priority, the
payment and performance of the Loans, as amended herein, and any other
Indebtedness owing from Borrower to U.S. Bank. 

 5.3 Guaranty 

 The parties hereto agree that each
Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect and continue to guarantee the
repayment of the Loans to U.S. Bank as set forth in such Guaranty. 

5.4 Payment
of Expenses 

 Borrower shall pay on demand all costs
and expenses of U.S. Bank incurred in connection with the preparation,
negotiation, execution, and delivery of this Amendment, including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys fees incurred by U.S. Bank. 

 5.5 Survival
of Credit Agreement 

 The terms and conditions of the Credit
Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents shall survive until all of
Borrower s obligations under the Credit Agreement are satisfied in full. 

 5.6 Year
2000 

 Borrower has
reviewed and assessed its business operations and computer systems and
applications to address the year 2000 problem (that is, that computer
applications and equipment used by Borrower, directly or indirectly through
third parties, may have been or may be unable to properly perform
date-sensitive functions before, during and after January 1, 2000). Borrower represents and warrants that the
year 2000 problem has not resulted in and to the best knowledge of Borrower
will not result in a material adverse change in Borrower s business condition
(financial or otherwise), operations, properties or prospects or ability to
repay U.S. Bank. Borrower agrees
that this representation and warranty will be true and correct on and shall be
deemed made by Borrower on each date Borrower requests any Funding under this
Agreement or Revolving Note or delivers any information to U.S. Bank. Borrower will promptly deliver to U.S. Bank
such information relating to this representation and warranty as U.S. Bank
requests from time to time. 

 5.7 Counterparts 

 This Amendment may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original agreement, but
all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

 5.8 Statutory
Notice 

 ORAL AGREEMENTS OR ORAL COMMITMENTS TO
LOAN MONEY, EXTEND CREDIT, OR TO FORBEAR FROM ENFORCING REPAYMENT OF A DEBT ARE
NOT ENFORCEABLE UNDER WASHINGTON LAW. 

 [The remainder of this page
intentionally left blank.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, U.S. Bank and
Borrower have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective
duly authorized signatories as of the date first above written. 

MACKIE DESIGNS INC. 

By_____________________________________ 

: 

Name:________________________________ 

Title:_________________________________ 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By_____________________________________ 

Ann B. Caldwell, Vice President 

REAFFIRMATION OF GUARANTY AND
COLLATERAL DOCUMENTS 

Each of the undersigned hereby: (a) acknowledges that it has read the
foregoing Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, (b) reaffirms its
obligations under the Guaranty and the Security Agreement and other collateral
documents evidencing security interests granted by the undersigned to U.S. Bank
to secure the obligations of Borrower to U.S. Bank, (c) agrees that
its Guaranty guarantees and its Security Agreement secures the repayment of the
Loans as amended by the foregoing Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, and (d) acknowledges
that its obligations pursuant to its Guaranty and the Security Agreement are
enforceable without defense, offset, or counterclaim. 

MACKIE
 DESIGNS MANUFACTURING INC. 

By______________________________________ 

Name: 
 ____________________________ 

Title: 
 _____________________________ 

EASTERN
 ACOUSTIC WORKS, INC. 

By______________________________________ 

: 

Name: 
 ____________________________ 

Title: 
 _____________________________ 

BLACKSTONE
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Massachusetts corporation 

By______________________________________ 

: 

Name: 
 ____________________________ 

Title: 
 _____________________________ 

SIA
 SOFTWARE COMPANY, INC., a New York corporation 

By_____________________________________ 

Name: 
 ____________________________ 

Title: _____________________________ 

RENEWAL REVOLVING NOTE 

7,500,000 

July 28, 2000 

For value received, the undersigned,
MACKIE DESIGNS INC. Borrower ), promises to pay to the order of
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION U.S. Bank ), at 1420 Fifth
Avenue, Seattle, Washington 98101, or such other place or places as the holder
hereof may designate in writing, the principal sum of Seven Million Five
Hundred Thousand Dollars 7,500,000) or so much thereof as advanced by
U.S. Bank in lawful, immediately available money of the United States of
America, in accordance with the terms and conditions of that certain credit
agreement dated June 18, 1998, by and between Borrower and U.S. Bank
(together with all supplements, exhibits, amendments and modifications thereto,
including the fifth amendment to credit agreement of even date herewith, the
 Credit Agreement ). Borrower also
promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof, commencing as
of the first date of an advance hereunder, in like money in accordance with the
terms and conditions, and at the rate or rates provided in the Credit
Agreement. 

 Borrower and all endorsers, sureties, and
guarantors hereof jointly and severally waive presentment for payment, demand,
notice of nonpayment, notice of protest, and protest of this Note, and all
other notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance,
default, dishonor, or enforcement of the payment of this Note except such
notices as are specifically required by this Note or by the Credit Agreement,
and they agree that the liability of each of them shall be unconditional
without regard to the liability of any other party and shall not be in any
manner affected by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver, or
modification granted or consented to by U.S. Bank. Borrower and all endorsers, sureties, and
guarantors hereof, if any, (1) consent to any and all extensions of time,
renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by U.S. Bank with
respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note and the Credit
Agreement; (2) consent to the release of any property now or hereafter
securing this Note with or without substitution; and (3) agree that
additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto
without notice to them and without affecting their liability hereunder. 

 This Note is a renewal of the Revolving
Note referred to in the Credit Agreement and as such is entitled to all of the
benefits and obligations specified in the Credit Agreement, including but not
limited to any Collateral and any conditions to making advances hereunder. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are
used herein with the same meanings. 
Reference is made to the Credit Agreement for provisions for the
repayment of this Note and the acceleration of the maturity hereof. 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.22>
 4
 j0213_ex10-22.htm

Prepared by MerrillDirect 

Exhibit
10.21 
 July
26, 2000 

 EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

 OF 

 WYATT
HYORA 

This
Employment Agreement Agreement is made this __ day of July, 2000 by and
between Mackie Designs Inc., a Washington corporation Employer ), and Wyatt
Hyora Employee ). 

 In consideration of
the promises and mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, Employer and
Employee promise and agree as follows: 

 1. Term of Employment. Employer hereby employs Employee, and Employee hereby accepts employment
with Employer, until such time as this Agreement or such employment is
terminated as set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement. 

 2. Scope of Duties. 

2.1. Duties. 
 Employee shall
serve as Executive Vice President, with responsibility for the Manufacturing of
the Employer and all of its subsidiaries, including, but not limited to,
Eastern Acoustic Works, Inc. and Radio Cine Forniture (RCF) S.r.L. Employee shall have such other and further
responsibilities, duties and goals as are reasonably established for him from
time to time by the Chief Executive Officer, or such other person specified by
management from time to time. Employee
shall report directly to the Chief Operating Officer, upon request to
Employer s Board of Directors, or to such other person as is specified by
management from time to time. 

2.2. Facilities and Staff. Employee will be furnished with such facilities, services, staff and
working conditions, consistent with Employer s current practices, as are
suitable to his position and adequate for the performance of his duties. 

2.3. Full Time and Attention. Employee will loyally and conscientiously devote substantially all of his
business and professional time, attention and energies (exclusive of periods of
sickness and disability and such normal holiday and vacation periods as have
been established by Employer) to the affairs of Employer. Notwithstanding the above: 

2.3.1. Employee
may expend a reasonable amount of time for educational, professional or
charitable activities; and, 

2.3.2. This
Agreement shall not be interpreted to prohibit Employee from making passive
personal investments or conducting private business affairs, as long as those
activities do not materially interfere with the services required under this
Agreement. 

2.4 Competitive Activities. During the term of his employment, Employee shall not, directly or
indirectly, either as an officer, director, investor, Employee, consultant,
agent, independent contractor, principal, partner, shareholder, or in any other
capacity whatsoever, engage or participate in any business activities or
business entity which is, in any way, competitive with any of the business of
Employer, provided however, Employee shall not be restricted from holding less
than 5 of the outstanding securities of any company whose securities are listed
on a national securities exchange or automated quotation system. 

2.5 Indemnification and Insurance. During the entire term of his
employment, Employee will receive the full benefit of the indemnification
provisions for officers and directors that are then contained in Employer s
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and shall be a named insured under
Employer s Director s and Officer s liability insurance policy, as such
indemnification provisions and insurance policies are in effect from time to time. 

3. Compensation and Expenses. 

3.1. Compensation. During
the term of this Agreement, Employer will pay Employee as follows: 

3.1.1. An initial base salary of 175,000.00 per year, payable at such times and
in such increments as are consistent with Employer s usual policies, but in no
event less frequently than monthly. Any
proposed annual salary increase and any salary decrease will be determined by
the Board; provided that Employee s salary shall never be less than that set
forth above; and 

3.1.2 . Employee
shall be a member of any bonus pool maintained by Employer from time to time on
behalf of senior management. The bonus
pool is established annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board, with
the goals and criteria adjusted from time to time as the Compensation Committee
determines in its sole discretion, and Employee s right of membership in the
bonus pool shall give him no vested rights in any particular criteria or
amounts allocated to the bonus pool. 

3.2 Expenses. 
 Employer will
reimburse Employee for all reasonable travel, entertainment and miscellaneous
expenses incurred in connection with the performance of his duties under this
Agreement. Such reimbursement will be
made in accordance with general policies and procedures of Employer in effect
from time to time relating to reimbursement. 

3.3. Taxes and Withholding. Employer shall withhold or deduct from sums due to Employee all sums
required by applicable state or federal law. 

3.4. Stock Options. Employee
shall receive 100,000 nonqualified stock options per the Mackie Designs Inc.
Amended and Restated 1995 Stock Option Plan Plan ), as of the date of this
Agreement. All of Employee s options
shall be subject to, and vest in accordance with, the terms and conditions of
the Plan. The options shall be at the
market price for Mackie s shares as of the close of business on the date of
this Agreement and shall vest 25 per year over a four (4) year period
commencing with the date of this Agreement. 

3.5 Moving Expenses . 
Employer shall pay Employee an amount equal to one month s salary to
cover all of the costs and expenses of his move from his present location in
Meridian, Mississippi to Seattle, Washington. 
In addition the employer will pay a 20,000 signing bonus to the
employee to assist with the sale of the Employee s home in Mississippi. 

4. Benefits. 

4.1. Vacation. 
 During the
term of this Agreement, Employee will be entitled to at least 3 weeks of
vacation per year, to be taken and accounted for in accordance with Employer s
policies for same in effect from time to time, or such additional time as is in
accordance with Employer s published rules regarding vacation. If additional personal time is requested by
Employee, it shall be as determined from time to time by the Chief Operating
Officer. 

4.2. Group Benefits. Employee
shall participate in any pension, insurance or other Employee benefit plan that
is maintained by Employer from time to time for employees similarly
situated. To the extent possible,
Employer will waive any waiting period required for Employee s enrollment in
any group medical plan. 

5. Termination. 

5.1.
 Termination. This
Agreement, and Employee s employment with Employer, shall be terminated upon
the occurrence of any one of the following events: 

5.1.1 The conviction of Employee for any crime which is a felony under
applicable law (other than one arising from the operation of a motor vehicle
unless Employee is imprisoned following a conviction or after entering a plea
in connection therewith); 

5.1.2. The dishonesty of Employee in the performance of his duties or in his
reporting to the management of Employer; 

5.1.3. At the option of Employer if any one of the following conditions occurs
and persists after Employer has given Employee prior written notice of intent
to terminate his employment with specific reasons therefor, and Employee fails
to correct the specified problems within a period of 30 days of the effective
date of the notice: 

(A) Chronic
alcoholism, drug abuse, or addiction; 

(B) Failure
of Employee to apply his full time attention and best efforts to the
business of Employer, other than due to the disability of Employee; 

(C) Failure
of Employee to perform consistently the duties assigned to him by Employer; 

(D) Failure
of Employee to handle his work or assignments in accordance with the policies
of Employer, reasonably stated; or, 

(E) Breach by
Employee of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

5.1.4. The death or disability of Employee; 

5.1.5. At the option of Employee in the event of the insolvency of Employer; 

5.1.6. At the option of Employee, without good reason, upon giving 30 days prior
written notice; 

5.1.7. At the option of the Employee, with good reason in accordance with
subsection 5.2.2, upon giving 30 days prior written notice; provided, that
Employer has not corrected any breach of this Agreement specified within such
notice within such 30 day period; or, 

5.1.8. At the option of Employer without cause upon giving written notice
oftermination. 

5.2. Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement and Employee s
employment hereunder: 

5.2.1 If the termination was pursuant to Sections 5.1.7 or 5.1.8, Employee
shall be entitled to receive, during the Payment Period (as hereinafter
defined), (i) the equivalent monthly salary to that set forth in Section 3.1.1;
(ii) a prorata share of any bonus earned by Employer senior management pursuant
to Section 3.1.2 of this Agreement, with such pro rata share being determined
by multiplying Employee s usual share thereof by a fraction, the numerator of
which is equal to the total number of working days worked by Employee during
the relevant period over which the bonus is calculated, and the denominator of
which is equal to the total number of working days during the relevant period
over which the bonus is calculated; provided, that the amount payable under
this subsection, if any, shall be payable at the next regularly scheduled date
for payment of such bonus pool; and, (iii) continued participation at
Employer s expense in all relevant Employee benefit programs to which he would
have been entitled if he had continued to serve in the capacity set forth in
Section 2.1 during the Payment Period. 
All payments required to be made to Employee pursuant to this Section
5.2.1 shall continue to be made regardless of whether Employee secures other
employment with any other employer. For
purposes of this section, the term Payment Period shall mean a period of 6
consecutive months following the month in which Employee is terminated. 

5.2.2 Employee
may terminate this Agreement for good reason. 
For purposes of this Agreement, the term good reason shall mean (i)
any breach of this Agreement by Employer which is not cured within 30 days of
written notice from Employee specifying the basis for the breach; (ii) 
the Employee s functions or duties are materially diminished; provided that
such functions or duties will not be deemed to have been materially diminished
if the Employee s title, functions and/or duties have been changed so long as
the Employee remains employed as a senior member of the Employer s senior
management staff; or (iii) repeated and consistent bad faith attempts by
Employer to bring about Employee s resignation through obstruction by the
Employer of Employee s ability to perform his duties on the Employer s
behalf. In the event that the Employee
terminates this Agreement for good reason, Employee shall be entitled to the
benefits set forth in subsection 5.2.1 of this Agreement. 

5.2.3 If the termination was pursuant to Section 5.1.4, Employee (or his
estate, as the case may be) will be entitled to receive his salary as set forth
in Section 3.1.1 through the end of the calendar month in which his death
or disability occurs, and bonus pursuant to Section 3.1.2, if any, for the
fiscal year during which his death or disability occurs, prorated through the
end of the calendar month during which his death or disability occurs. For purposes of this Agreement
 disability means (i) the inability of Employee to perform the
duties of Employee's employment due to physical or emotional incapacity or
illness, where such inability continues for ninety (90) consecutive days and is
expected to be of long-continued and indefinite duration, or (ii) Employee
shall be entitled to (A) disability retirement benefits under the federal
Social Security Act or (B) recover benefits under any long-term disability
plan or policy maintained by the Employer. 
In the event of a dispute, the determination of disability shall be made
reasonably by the Board of Directors of the Employer and shall be supported by
advice of a consulting physician competent in the area to which such disability
relates. The consulting physician shall
be agreed to jointly by Employee and the Employer. In the event that Employer s physician who diagnosed the
disability and the consulting physician reach different conclusions, the
physician who diagnosed the disability and the consulting physician shall
select a third physician who shall advise the Board of Directors on Employer s
disability. 

5.2.4 If
Employee was terminated pursuant to Section 5.1.5, Employee shall be relieved
of the obligations set forth in Sections 8.1, 8.2 and 8.3 of this Agreement. 

5.2.5 If the
termination is for any other reason than those set forth in Sections 5.1.4,
5.1.7 or 5.1.8, Employee shall (i) have no rights to compensation or
reimbursement for salary or bonus for any period subsequent to the date of such
termination, (ii) have no right to participate in any Employee benefit programs
under Section 4 for any period subsequent to the date of such termination; provided 
that Employer will remain obligated to meet any obligations it may have under
COBRA, and (iii) have no right to any bonus that would have been payable on a
date subsequent to Employee s termination date. 

5.3. Effect of Merger, Dissolution or Transfer of
Assets. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary
dissolution of Employer, any merger or consolidation of Employer with a third
party whereby Employer is not a surviving entity, or any sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of Employer to any third party and in the
further event that the surviving or acquiring entity declines to assume this
Agreement and/or Employee s employment is terminated by Employer or the
surviving entity within 90 days of the effective date thereof, such
nonassumption or termination will be deemed to have taken place pursuant to
section 5.1.8 and Employee shall be entitled to the benefits set forth in
section 5.2.1. 

6. Inventions. Inventions
made or conceived entirely or partially by Employee while employed by Employer
will be the property of Employer. As
used in this Section, the term inventions includes all creations, whether or
not patentable or copyrightable, and all ideas, reports, or other creative
works, including, without limitation, computer programs, manuals and related
material, which relate to the existing or proposed business of Employer or any
other business or research and development effort conducted by Employer. All of Employee s inventions which are
copyrightable shall be works for hire. 
Employee will cooperate with Employer to patent or copyright all
inventions by executing all documents tendered by Employer for such purpose, at
Employer s expense. Employee hereby
grants to Employer a power of attorney coupled with an interest, whereby
Employer may execute and deliver any and all documents necessary to so patent
or copyright any inventions in Employee s name, place and stead as if such
execution and delivery were done by him, with such power of attorney accruing
in the event that he fails to cooperate as required by the preceding
sentence. Notwithstanding the above,
this provision does not apply to any invention which was developed solely on
Employee s own time and not using any of Employer s equipment, supplies,
facilities or information, unless (i) (a) the invention relates directly
to the business of Employer or to Employer s actual or demonstrably anticipated
research or development, or (b) the invention results from any work performed
by Employee for Employer and (ii) the invention was developed during the
term of his employment with Employer or any Affiliate. For purposes of this Agreement, the term
 Affiliate shall mean Mackie Designs Inc., a Washington corporation, Radio Cine
Forniture (RCF) S.r.L., an Italian corporation, or any entity which controls,
is controlled by or is under common control with Employer. The obligations contained in this Section
shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

 7. Nondisclosure of Confidential
Information. Employee acknowledges that during the term of
this Agreement he will learn and will have access to confidential information
regarding Employer and its affiliates, including without limitation (i)
confidential or secret plans, programs, documents, agreements or other material
relating to the business, services or activities, and (ii) trade secrets,
market reports, customer investigations, customer lists, files, accounts and
other similar information that is proprietary information (collectively
referred to as Confidential Information ). Employee acknowledges that such
Confidential Information is a special, valuable and unique asset. All records,
file materials and Confidential Information obtained by Employee in the course
of employment with Employer or its affiliates or service as a director of
Employer or its affiliates are confidential and proprietary and shall remain
the exclusive property of the appropriate entity owning the same. Employee will not for any reason use for his
own benefit, or for the benefit of any person with whom Employee becomes
associated, any Confidential Information or disclose any such Confidential
Information to any person for any reason or purpose whatsoever without the
prior written consent of Employer, unless such Confidential Information
previously shall have became public knowledge through no action or omission of
Employee. Employee, within three (3)
days from the date upon which his employment with Employer is terminated or
otherwise upon the request of Employer, shall return to Employer any and all
documents and material that constitutes Confidential Information. The obligations contained in this Section
shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

8. Covenant Not to Compete: But for the provisions of this Section 8, Employer would not enter into
this Agreement as it does not wish competition from Employee. Accordingly: 

8.1. Noncompetition of Employee: Except pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any
services provided to any Affiliate, for a period of six months from and after
his last date of employment with Employer, Employee shall not, directly or
indirectly, singly or in partnership or in conjunction with any other person or
persons, firm, association, syndicate, company or corporation, as officer,
director, consultant, employee, independent contractor, principal, agent,
shareholder, partner, owner or otherwise, carry on, finance, guarantee the
indebtedness of, be engaged in or permit its name or credit to be used in any
way in conjunction with any manufacturer of professional loudspeakers located
anywhere in the United States, provided however, Employee shall not be
restricted from holding less than 5 of the outstanding securities of any
company whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange or
automated quotation system; 

8.2. Nonsolicitation of Customers: 
During the one (1) year period from and after his last date of
employment with Employer, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, either
for its own benefit or for the benefit of others or in conjunction with any
business or entity which is then in competition with Employer, solicit, call
on, interfere with, or attempt to divert away from Employer or any Affiliate
any person or firm who was a customer of Employer or such Affiliate at any
time; 

8.3. Nonsolicitation of Employees: During the one (1) year period from and after his last date of employment
with Employer, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, offer to employ,
solicit or enlist any employee of Employer or such Affiliate to leave his or
her respective employment for any reason; 

8.4. Injunctive
Relief : In addition to damages suffered by Employer
as a result of Employee s breach of this paragraph, Employer shall be entitled
to the granting of an injunction to prohibit violations of this paragraph upon
reasonable proof of the occurrence of any event which contravenes its
terms. If a bond is required with
respect to the securing of any such injunction, the parties agree that the
maximum amount of any such bond shall be 1,000; 

8.5. Terms : 
Employee acknowledges that the provisions of this Section 8 have been
considered by him and are reasonable as to time, area, and extent, having
regard to all circumstances of this transaction; and, 

8.6 . Severability : If
any provision of this Section 8 shall be unenforceable, illegal, or contrary
to the public policy of the jurisdiction in which it is sought to be enforced,
such provision shall be deemed to be deleted from this Agreement and the remaining
provisions of this Section shall be and remain valid and binding upon and
enforceable by the parties hereto. In
addition, the duration and coverage of each separate covenant may be limited by
a court in which enforcement of such covenant is sought to the extent necessary
to permit the enforcement of such separate covenant. 

9. Specific Performance. Employer and Employee recognize that the services rendered under this
Agreement by Employee are special, unique and of an extraordinary character.
Accordingly, in the event of any breach by Employee of the provisions of
Sections 6, 7 or 8 of this Agreement and in addition to any other remedies
available to Employer by law, Employer may specifically enforce Employee s
obligations under such sections. 

 10. Miscellaneous. 

10.1. Assignability. Except
as provided in Section 5.3, the rights and obligations of Employer under
this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding up the successors
and assigns of Employer. The rights and
obligations of Employee hereunder may not be assigned or alienated and any
attempt to do so by Employee will be void. 

10.2. Separability. If
any provision of this Agreement otherwise is deemed to be invalid or
unenforceable or is prohibited by the laws of the state or jurisdiction where
it is to be performed, this Agreement shall considered divisible as to such
provisions and such provision shall be inoperative in such state or
jurisdiction and shall not be part of the consideration moving from either of
the parties to the other. The remaining
provisions of this Agreement shall be valid and binding and of like effect as
though such provision were not included. 

10.3. Notice . 
All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have duly given if personally delivered,
telexed or telecopied to, or, if mailed, when mailed to the other party by
certified mail, return receipt requested, at (a) in the case of Employer, the
location of its principal executive offices, or (b) in the case of Employee,
the location of his principal residence or last known principal residence. 

10.4. Arbitration. All
disputes under this Agreement shall be settled by arbitration in Boston,
Massachusetts, before a single arbitrator pursuant to the rules of the American
Arbitration Association. Arbitration
may be commenced at any time by any party hereto giving written notice to the
other party that such dispute has been referred to arbitration under this Section
10.4. The arbitrator shall be selected
by the joint agreement of the Board of Directors of the Employer and Employee,
but if they do not so agree within 20 days after the date of the notice
referred to above, the selection shall be made pursuant to the rules maintained
by such Association. Any award rendered
by the arbitrator shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties hereto;
provided, however, that any such award shall be accompanied by a written
opinion of the arbitrator giving the reasons for the award. This provision for arbitration shall be
specifically enforceable by the parties and the decision of the arbitrator in
accordance herewith shall be final and binding and there shall be no right of
appeal therefrom. Each party shall pay
its own expenses of arbitration and the expenses of the arbitrator shall be
equally shared; provided, however, that if in the opinion of the arbitrator any
claim or any defense or objection thereto was unreasonable, the arbitrator may
assess, as part of his award, all or any part of the arbitration expenses of
the other party (including reasonable attorneys fees) and of the arbitrator
against the party raising such unreasonable claim, defense or objection. 

10.5. Injunctive Relief, Jurisdiction and Venue . The
Employee acknowledges that the injury that would be suffered by the Employer as
a result of a breach of the provisions of this Agreement would be irreparable
and that an award of monetary damages to the Employer for such a breach would
be an inadequate remedy. Consequently,
the Employer will have the right, in addition to any other rights it may have,
to obtain injunctive relief to restrain any breach or threatened breach or
otherwise to specifically enforce any provision of this Agreement. The jurisdiction and venue of all actions
between the parties pursuant to this section shall lie exclusively in any state
or federal court sitting in Boston, Massachusetts. 

10.6. Governing Law. The
validity, performance, construction and effect of this Agreement shall be
governed by the internal, substantive laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, without giving effect to the conflict of laws rules thereof. 

10.7. Waiver; Amendment. The
waiver by any party to this Agreement of a breach of any provision hereof by
any party shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by any
party. No provision of this Agreement
may be terminated, amended, supplemented, waived or modified other than by an
instrument in writing signed by the party against whom the enforcement of the
termination, amendment, supplement, waiver or modification is sought. 

10.8. Attorneys Fees . In
the event of any litigation arising out of the execution of this Agreement or
any claimed breach thereof, the prevailing party in such litigation shall be
entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees and reasonable costs of
litigation (including on appeal thereof) in addition to any other award or
decree given or granted by the court. 

10.9. Entire Agreement . 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding
the subject matter, and there are no other understandings, either written or
oral, which affect the terms hereof. 
This Agreement may be supplemented, modified or amended only by a
subsequent written agreement between the parties. 

DATED the day and year first above
written. 

 MACKIE DESIGNS INC. 

By:_______________________________ ______________________________ 

 Title: Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Wyatt Hyora 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 5
 j0213_ex10-23.htm

Prepared by MerrillDirect 

Exhibit 10.22 
December 12, 2000 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

 OF 

 LAURA
STUTSMAN 

This Employment Agreement Agreement is made this __ day of December, 2000 by and between Mackie Designs Inc., a
Washington corporation Employer ), and Laura Stutsman Employee ). 

 In consideration of
the promises and mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, Employer and
Employee promise and agree as follows: 

 1. Term of
Employment. Employer hereby employs Employee, and
Employee hereby accepts employment with Employer, until such time as this
Agreement or such employment is terminated as set forth in Section 5 of this
Agreement. 

 2. Scope of Duties. 

2.1. Duties. Employee shall serve as Executive Vice
President, with responsibility for the Marketing of the Employer and all of its
subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, Eastern Acoustic Works, Inc. and
Radio Cine Forniture (RCF) S.r.L. 
Employee shall have such other and further responsibilities, duties and
goals as are reasonably established for him from time to time by the Chief
Executive Officer, or such other person specified by management from time to
time. Employee shall report directly to
the Chief Executive Officer, upon request to Employer s Board of Directors, or
to such other person as is specified by management from time to time. 

2.2. Facilities and Staff. Employee will be furnished with such
facilities, services, staff and working conditions, consistent with Employer s
current practices, as are suitable to his position and adequate for the
performance of his duties. 

2.3. Full Time and Attention. Employee will loyally and
conscientiously devote substantially all of his business and professional time,
attention and energies (exclusive of periods of sickness and disability and
such normal holiday and vacation periods as have been established by Employer)
to the affairs of Employer. 
Notwithstanding the above: 

2.3.1. Employee may expend a reasonable
amount of time for educational, professional or charitable activities; and, 

2.3.2. This Agreement shall not be interpreted
to prohibit Employee from making passive personal investments or conducting
private business affairs, as long as those activities do not materially
interfere with the services required under this Agreement. 

2.4. Competitive Activities. During the term of his
employment, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, either as an officer,
director, investor, Employee, consultant, agent, independent contractor,
principal, partner, shareholder, or in any other capacity whatsoever, engage or
participate in any business activities or business entity which is, in any way,
competitive with any of the business of Employer, provided however, Employee
shall not be restricted from holding less than 5 of the outstanding securities
of any company whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange or
automated quotation system. 

2.5 Indemnification and Insurance. During the entire term of his
employment, Employee will receive the full benefit of the indemnification
provisions for officers and directors that are then contained in Employer s
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and shall be a named insured under
Employer s Director s and Officer s liability insurance policy, as such
indemnification provisions and insurance policies are in effect from time to
time. 

3. Compensation and
Expenses. 

 3.1. Compensation. During the term of this
Agreement, Employer will pay Employee as follows: 

3.1.1. An initial base salary of
 175,000.00 per year, payable at such times and in such increments as are
consistent with Employer s usual policies, but in no event less frequently than
monthly. Any proposed annual salary
increase and any salary decrease will be determined by the Board; provided that
Employee s salary shall never be less than that set forth above; and 

3.1.2. Employee shall be a member of any
bonus pool maintained by Employer from time to time on behalf of senior
management. The bonus pool is
established annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board, with the goals
and criteria adjusted from time to time as the Compensation Committee
determines in its sole discretion, and Employee s right of membership in the
bonus pool shall give him no vested rights in any particular criteria or
amounts allocated to the bonus pool. 

3.2. Expenses. Employer will reimburse Employee for all
reasonable travel, entertainment and miscellaneous expenses incurred in
connection with the performance of his duties under this Agreement. Such
reimbursement will be made in accordance with general policies and procedures
of Employer in effect from time to time relating to reimbursement. 

3.3. Taxes and Withholding. Employer shall withhold or
deduct from sums due to Employee all sums required by applicable state or
federal law. 

3.4. Stock Options. Employee shall receive 100,000 nonqualified
stock options per the Mackie Designs Inc. Amended and Restated 1995 Stock
Option Plan Plan ), as of the date of this Agreement. All of Employee s options shall be subject
to, and vest in accordance with, the terms and conditions of the Plan. The options shall be at the market price for
Mackie s shares as of the close of business on the date of this Agreement and
shall vest 25 per year over a four (4) year period commencing with the date of
this Agreement. 

4. Benefits. 

4.1. Vacation. During the term of this Agreement, Employee
will be entitled to at least 3 weeks of vacation per year, to be taken and
accounted for in accordance with Employer s policies for same in effect from
time to time, or such additional time as is in accordance with Employer s
published rules regarding vacation. If
additional personal time is requested by Employee, it shall be as determined
from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer. 

4.2. Group Benefits. Employee shall participate in any pension,
insurance or other Employee benefit plan that is maintained by Employer from
time to time for employees similarly situated. 
To the extent possible, Employer will waive any waiting period required
for Employee s enrollment in any group medical plan. 

5. Termination. 

5.1. Termination. This Agreement, and Employee s employment
with Employer, shall be terminated upon the occurrence of any one of the
following events: 

5.1.1. The conviction
of Employee for any crime which is a felony under applicable law (other than one
arising from the operation of a motor vehicle unless Employee is imprisoned
following a conviction or after entering a plea in connection therewith); 

5.1.2. The dishonesty
of Employee in the performance of his duties or in his reporting to the
management of Employer; 

5.1.3. At the option
of Employer if any one of the following conditions occurs and persists after
Employer has given Employee prior written notice of intent to terminate his
employment with specific reasons therefor, and Employee fails to correct the
specified problems within a period of 30 days of the effective date of the
notice: 

(A) 

Chronic
 alcoholism, drug abuse, or addiction; 

(B) 

Failure
 of Employee to apply his full time attention and best efforts to the
 business of Employer, other than due to the disability of Employee; 

(C) 

Failure
 of Employee to perform consistently the duties assigned to him by Employer; 

(D) 

Failure
 of Employee to handle his work or assignments in accordance with the policies
 of Employer, reasonably stated; or, 

(E) 

Breach
 by Employee of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

5.1.4. The death or
disability of Employee; 

5.1.5. At the option of Employee in the
event of the insolvency of Employer; 

5.1.6. At the option of Employee, without
good reason, upon giving 30 days prior written notice; 

5.1.7. At the option
of the Employee, with good reason in accordance with subsection 5.2.2, upon
giving 30 days prior written notice; provided, that Employer has not corrected
any breach of this Agreement specified within such notice within such 30 day
period; or, 

5.1.8. At the option of Employer without
cause upon giving written notice of 
termination. 

5.2. Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination
of this Agreement and Employee s employment hereunder: 

5.2.1 If the
termination was pursuant to Sections 5.1.7 or 5.1.8, Employee shall be entitled
to receive, during the Payment Period (as hereinafter defined), (i) the
equivalent monthly salary to that set forth in Section 3.1.1; (ii) a prorata
share of any bonus earned by Employer senior management pursuant to Section
3.1.2 of this Agreement, with such pro rata share being determined by
multiplying Employee s usual share thereof by a fraction, the numerator of
which is equal to the total number of working days worked by Employee during
the relevant period over which the bonus is calculated, and the denominator of
which is equal to the total number of working days during the relevant period
over which the bonus is calculated; provided, that the amount payable under
this subsection, if any, shall be payable at the next regularly scheduled date
for payment of such bonus pool; and, (iii) continued participation at
Employer s expense in all relevant Employee benefit programs to which he would
have been entitled if he had continued to serve in the capacity set forth in
Section 2.1 during the Payment Period. 
All payments required to be made to Employee pursuant to this Section
5.2.1 shall continue to be made regardless of whether Employee secures other
employment with any other employer. For
purposes of this section, the term Payment Period shall mean a period of 6
consecutive months following the month in which Employee is terminated. 

5.2.2 Employee may terminate this
Agreement for good reason. For purposes
of this Agreement, the term good reason shall mean (i) any breach of this
Agreement by Employer which is not cured within 30 days of written notice from
Employee specifying the basis for the breach; (ii) the Employee s
functions or duties are materially diminished; provided that such functions or
duties will not be deemed to have been materially diminished if the Employee s
title, functions and/or duties have been changed so long as the Employee
remains employed as a senior member of the Employer s senior management staff;
or (iii) repeated and consistent bad faith attempts by Employer to bring about
Employee s resignation through obstruction by the Employer of Employee s
ability to perform his duties on the Employer s behalf. In the event that the Employee terminates
this Agreement for good reason, Employee shall be entitled to the benefits set
forth in subsection 5.2.1 of this Agreement. 

5.2.3 If the
termination was pursuant to Section 5.1.4, Employee (or his estate, as the case
may be) will be entitled to receive his salary as set forth in
Section 3.1.1 through the end of the calendar month in which his death or
disability occurs, and bonus pursuant to Section 3.1.2, if any, for the
fiscal year during which his death or disability occurs, prorated through the
end of the calendar month during which his death or disability occurs. For purposes of this Agreement
 disability means (i) the inability of Employee to perform the
duties of Employee's employment due to physical or emotional incapacity or illness,
where such inability continues for ninety (90) consecutive days and is expected
to be of long-continued and indefinite duration, or (ii) Employee shall be
entitled to (A) disability retirement benefits under the federal Social
Security Act or (B) recover benefits under any long-term disability plan
or policy maintained by the Employer. 
In the event of a dispute, the determination of disability shall be made
reasonably by the Board of Directors of the Employer and shall be supported by
advice of a consulting physician competent in the area to which such disability
relates. The consulting physician shall
be agreed to jointly by Employee and the Employer. In the event that Employer s physician who diagnosed the
disability and the consulting physician reach different conclusions, the
physician who diagnosed the disability and the consulting physician shall
select a third physician who shall advise the Board of Directors on Employer s
disability. 

5.2.4 If Employee was terminated
pursuant to Section 5.1.5, Employee shall be relieved of the obligations set
forth in Sections 8.1, 8.2 and 8.3 of this Agreement. 

5.2.5 If the termination is for any
other reason than those set forth in Sections 5.1.4, 5.1.7 or 5.1.8, Employee
shall (i) have no rights to compensation or reimbursement for salary or bonus
for any period subsequent to the date of such termination, (ii) have no right
to participate in any Employee benefit programs under Section 4 for any period
subsequent to the date of such termination; provided that Employer will
remain obligated to meet any obligations it may have under COBRA, and (iii)
have no right to any bonus that would have been payable on a date subsequent to
Employee s termination date. 

5.3. Effect of Merger, Dissolution or Transfer of Assets. In the event of any voluntary
or involuntary dissolution of Employer, any merger or consolidation of Employer
with a third party whereby Employer is not a surviving entity, or any sale of
all or substantially all of the assets of Employer to any third party and in
the further event that the surviving or acquiring entity declines to assume
this Agreement and/or Employee s employment is terminated by Employer or the
surviving entity within 90 days of the effective date thereof, such
nonassumption or termination will be deemed to have taken place pursuant to
section 5.1.8 and Employee shall be entitled to the benefits set forth in
section 5.2.1. 

6. Inventions. Inventions made or conceived
entirely or partially by Employee while employed by Employer will be the
property of Employer. As used in this
Section, the term inventions includes all creations, whether or not
patentable or copyrightable, and all ideas, reports, or other creative works,
including, without limitation, computer programs, manuals and related material,
which relate to the existing or proposed business of Employer or any other
business or research and development effort conducted by Employer. All of Employee s inventions which are
copyrightable shall be works for hire. 
Employee will cooperate with Employer to patent or copyright all
inventions by executing all documents tendered by Employer for such purpose, at
Employer s expense. Employee hereby
grants to Employer a power of attorney coupled with an interest, whereby
Employer may execute and deliver any and all documents necessary to so patent
or copyright any inventions in Employee s name, place and stead as if such
execution and delivery were done by him, with such power of attorney accruing
in the event that he fails to cooperate as required by the preceding
sentence. Notwithstanding the above,
this provision does not apply to any invention which was developed solely on
Employee s own time and not using any of Employer s equipment, supplies,
facilities or information, unless (i) (a) the invention relates directly
to the business of Employer or to Employer s actual or demonstrably anticipated
research or development, or (b) the invention results from any work performed
by Employee for Employer and (ii) the invention was developed during the
term of his employment with Employer or any Affiliate. For purposes of this Agreement, the term
 Affiliate shall mean Mackie Designs Inc., a Washington corporation, Radio
Cine Forniture (RCF) S.r.L., an Italian corporation, or any entity which controls,
is controlled by or is under common control with Employer. The obligations contained in this Section
shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

7. Nondisclosure of
Confidential Information. Employee acknowledges that during the term
of this Agreement he will learn and will have access to confidential
information regarding Employer and its affiliates, including without limitation
(i) confidential or secret plans, programs, documents, agreements or other
material relating to the business, services or activities, and (ii) trade
secrets, market reports, customer investigations, customer lists, files,
accounts and other similar information that is proprietary information
(collectively referred to as Confidential Information ). Employee acknowledges
that such Confidential Information is a special, valuable and unique asset. All
records, file materials and Confidential Information obtained by Employee in
the course of employment with Employer or its affiliates or service as a
director of Employer or its affiliates are confidential and proprietary and
shall remain the exclusive property of the appropriate entity owning the
same. Employee will not for any reason
use for his own benefit, or for the benefit of any person with whom Employee
becomes associated, any Confidential Information or disclose any such
Confidential Information to any person for any reason or purpose whatsoever
without the prior written consent of Employer, unless such Confidential
Information previously shall have became public knowledge through no action or
omission of Employee. Employee, within
three (3) days from the date upon which his employment with Employer is
terminated or otherwise upon the request of Employer, shall return to Employer
any and all documents and material that constitutes Confidential
Information. The obligations contained
in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

 8. Covenant Not to
Compete: 
But for the provisions of this Section 8, Employer would not enter into
this Agreement as it does not wish competition from Employee. Accordingly: 

8.1. Noncompetition of Employee: Except pursuant to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and any services provided to any Affiliate,
for a period of six months from and after his last date of employment with
Employer, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, singly or in partnership
or in conjunction with any other person or persons, firm, association,
syndicate, company or corporation, as officer, director, consultant, employee,
independent contractor, principal, agent, shareholder, partner, owner or
otherwise, carry on, finance, guarantee the indebtedness of, be engaged in or
permit its name or credit to be used in any way in conjunction with any
manufacturer of professional loudspeakers located anywhere in the United
States, provided however, Employee shall not be restricted from holding less
than 5 of the outstanding securities of any company whose securities are
listed on a national securities exchange or automated quotation system; 

8.2. Nonsolicitation of Customers: During the one (1) year period
from and after his last date of employment with Employer, Employee shall not,
directly or indirectly, either for its own benefit or for the benefit of others
or in conjunction with any business or entity which is then in competition with
Employer, solicit, call on, interfere with, or attempt to divert away from
Employer or any Affiliate any person or firm who was a customer of Employer or
such Affiliate at any time; 

8.3. Nonsolicitation of Employees: During the one (1) year period
from and after his last date of employment with Employer, Employee shall not,
directly or indirectly, offer to employ, solicit or enlist any employee of
Employer or such Affiliate to leave his or her respective employment for any
reason; 

8.4. Injunctive Relief: In addition to damages suffered by Employer
as a result of Employee s breach of this paragraph, Employer shall be entitled
to the granting of an injunction to prohibit violations of this paragraph upon reasonable
proof of the occurrence of any event which contravenes its terms. If a bond is required with respect to the
securing of any such injunction, the parties agree that the maximum amount of
any such bond shall be 1,000; 

8.5. Terms: Employee acknowledges that the provisions
of this Section 8 have been considered by him and are reasonable as to time,
area, and extent, having regard to all circumstances of this transaction; and, 

8.6. Severability: If any provision of this Section 8 shall be
unenforceable, illegal, or contrary to the public policy of the jurisdiction in
which it is sought to be enforced, such provision shall be deemed to be deleted
from this Agreement and the remaining provisions of this Section shall be and
remain valid and binding upon and enforceable by the parties hereto. In addition, the duration and coverage of
each separate covenant may be limited by a court in which enforcement of such
covenant is sought to the extent necessary to permit the enforcement of such
separate covenant. 

9. Specific
Performance. Employer and Employee recognize that the
services rendered under this Agreement by Employee are special, unique and of
an extraordinary character. Accordingly, in the event of any breach by Employee
of the provisions of Sections 6, 7 or 8 of this Agreement and in addition to
any other remedies available to Employer by law, Employer may specifically
enforce Employee s obligations under such sections. 

 10. Miscellaneous. 

10.1. Assignability. Except as provided in Section 5.3, the
rights and obligations of Employer under this Agreement shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding up the successors and assigns of Employer. The rights and obligations of Employee
hereunder may not be assigned or alienated and any attempt to do so by Employee
will be void. 

10.2. Separability. If any provision of this Agreement
otherwise is deemed to be invalid or unenforceable or is prohibited by the laws
of the state or jurisdiction where it is to be performed, this Agreement shall
considered divisible as to such provisions and such provision shall be
inoperative in such state or jurisdiction and shall not be part of the
consideration moving from either of the parties to the other. The remaining provisions of this Agreement
shall be valid and binding and of like effect as though such provision were not
included. 

10.3. Notice. All notices, requests, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have duly
given if personally delivered, telexed or telecopied to, or, if mailed, when
mailed to the other party by certified mail, return receipt requested, at (a)
in the case of Employer, the location of its principal executive offices, or
(b) in the case of Employee, the location of his principal residence or last
known principal residence. 

10.4. Arbitration. All disputes under this Agreement shall be
settled by arbitration in Seattle, Washington, before a single arbitrator
pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Arbitration may be commenced at any time by
any party hereto giving written notice to the other party that such dispute has
been referred to arbitration under this Section 10.4. The arbitrator shall be selected by the joint agreement of the
Board of Directors of the Employer and Employee, but if they do not so agree
within 20 days after the date of the notice referred to above, the selection
shall be made pursuant to the rules maintained by such Association. Any award rendered by the arbitrator shall
be conclusive and binding upon the parties hereto; provided, however, that any
such award shall be accompanied by a written opinion of the arbitrator giving
the reasons for the award. This
provision for arbitration shall be specifically enforceable by the parties and
the decision of the arbitrator in accordance herewith shall be final and
binding and there shall be no right of appeal therefrom. Each party shall pay its own expenses of
arbitration and the expenses of the arbitrator shall be equally shared;
provided, however, that if in the opinion of the arbitrator any claim or any
defense or objection thereto was unreasonable, the arbitrator may assess, as
part of his award, all or any part of the arbitration expenses of the other
party (including reasonable attorneys fees) and of the arbitrator against the
party raising such unreasonable claim, defense or objection. 

10.5. Injunctive Relief, Jurisdiction and Venue. The Employee acknowledges that
the injury that would be suffered by the Employer as a result of a breach of
the provisions of this Agreement would be irreparable and that an award of
monetary damages to the Employer for such a breach would be an inadequate
remedy. Consequently, the Employer will
have the right, in addition to any other rights it may have, to obtain injunctive
relief to restrain any breach or threatened breach or otherwise to specifically
enforce any provision of this Agreement. 
The jurisdiction and venue of all actions between the parties pursuant
to this section shall lie exclusively in any state or federal court sitting in
Boston, Massachusetts. 

10.6. Governing Law. The validity, performance, construction and
effect of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal, substantive laws of
the State of Washington, without giving effect to the conflict of laws rules
thereof. 

10.7. Waiver; Amendment. The waiver by any party to this Agreement
of a breach of any provision hereof by any party shall not be construed as a
waiver of any subsequent breach by any party. 
No provision of this Agreement may be terminated, amended, supplemented,
waived or modified other than by an instrument in writing signed by the party
against whom the enforcement of the termination, amendment, supplement, waiver
or modification is sought. 

10.8. Attorneys Fees. In the event of any litigation arising out
of the execution of this Agreement or any claimed breach thereof, the
prevailing party in such litigation shall be entitled to recover its reasonable
attorneys fees and reasonable costs of litigation (including on appeal thereof)
in addition to any other award or decree given or granted by the court. 

10.9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter, and there are no
other understandings, either written or oral, which affect the terms
hereof. This Agreement may be
supplemented, modified or amended only by a subsequent written agreement
between the parties. 

DATED the day and year first above
written. 

 MACKIE DESIGNS INC. 

By:___________________________ 

_______________________ 

Title: Chief Executive
 Officer 

Laura
 Stutsman 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 j0213_ex21-1.htm

Prepared by MerrillDirect 

Exhibit 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF MACKIE DESIGNS
INC. 
As of December 31, 2000 

Subsidiary 

State
 of Incorporation or 
 Country in which Organized 

Mackie
 Sales Corporation 

Barbados 

Mackie
 Designs Manufacturing Inc. 

Washington 

Mackie
 Designs (Netherlands) B.V. 

The
 Netherlands 

Mackie
 Designs (Italy) S.p.A. 

Italy 

AVM S.r.l. 

Italy 

Mackie
 Designs (France) S.A. 

France 

RCF
 Electronics (U.K.) Ltd. 

United
 Kingdom 

Mackie
 Industrial, Inc. 

New
 Jersey 

RCF
 China Limited 

China 

Mackie
 Designs (Deutschland) GmbH 

Germany 

Eastern
 Acoustic Works, Inc. 

Massachusetts 

EAW
 International Ltd. 

U.S.
 Virgin Islands 

Eastern
 Acoustic Works International Ltd. 

UK 

SIA
 Software Company 

New
 York 

Acuma
 Labs Inc. 

British
 Columbia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 j0213_ex23-1.htm

Prepared by MerrillDirect 

Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF KPMG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

The Board of Directors 
Mackie Designs, Inc.: 

 We consent to incorporation by reference
in the registration statement (No. 33-98720) on Form S-8 of Mackie Designs,
Inc. of our report dated February 22, 2001, relating to the consolidated
balance sheets of Mackie Designs, Inc as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 and
the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and shareholders 
equity and comprehensive income for the years then ended, the related
consolidated financial statement schedule for the years then ended, which
report appears in the December 31, 2000 annual report on Form 10-K of
Mackie Designs, Inc. 

KPMG
 LLP 

Seattle, Washington 
March 28, 2001 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 8
 j0213_ex23-2.htm

Prepared by MerrillDirect 

Exhibit 23.2 

 CONSENT OF ERNST YOUNG
LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S 8
No. 33 98720) pertaining to the 1995 Stock Option Plan of Mackie Designs
Inc. of our report dated February 26, 1999 with respect to the consolidated
financial statements and schedule of Mackie Designs Inc. for the year ended
Decmeber 31, 1998 included in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended
December 31, 2000. 

Ernst
 Young LLP 

Seattle, Washington 
March 29, 2001 

</EX-23.2>

