<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20020329_10-K_edgar_data_844965_0000912057-02-012712.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>451310</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>385825</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2217</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000912057-02-012712.hdr.sgml : 20020415
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000912057-02-012712
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20011231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20020329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TETRA TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000844965
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INORGANIC CHEMICALS [2810]
		IRS NUMBER:				742148293
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13455
		FILM NUMBER:		02594939

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25025 I-45N
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2813671983

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25025 I-45 NORTH
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FMwIpoxE0pqEUnzBBStenS+cxki/RZ/wpGKabw+wQy2VIphOo5kis/z0HTiMopbo
 Fz3d31urvO2s/wneZANnXw==

 0000912057-02-012712.txt : 20020415

10-K
 1
 a2075175z10-k.txt
 FORM 10-K

================================================================================

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 Washington, D.C. 20549

 FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
 /x/ Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001
 or
 / / Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934

 For the transition period from________________to_______________

 Commission File No. 0-18335

 TETRA Technologies, Inc.
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 Delaware 74-2148293
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization) Identification No.)

 25025 I-45 North
 The Woodlands, Texas 77380
 (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES) (ZIP CODE)

(Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code): (281) 367-1983

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share New York Stock Exchange
 (Title of class) (Name of Exchange on Which Registered)

 Rights to purchase Series One New York Stock Exchange
Junior Participating Preferred Stock (Name of Exchange on Which Registered)
 (Title of Class)

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes / / No

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. / /

 The aggregate market value of the common stock of TETRA Technologies, Inc.
held by non-affiliates (based upon the March 18, 2002 closing sale price as
reported by the New York Stock Exchange) 26.01 per share) was approximately
 353,994,201. For purposes of the preceding sentence only, all directors,
executive officers and beneficial owners of 10 or more of the common stock are
assumed to be "affiliates".

 Number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common
stock as of March 18, 2002 was 14,049,584 shares.

 Part III information is incorporated by reference from the registrant's
proxy statement for its annual meeting of stockholders to be held May 23, 2002
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the
end of the registrant's fiscal year.

================================================================================

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I
 
 Item 1. Business................................................................ 1

 Item 2. Properties.............................................................. 13

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings....................................................... 14

 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders..................... 14

 PART II

 Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and
 Related Stockholder Matters........................................... 14

 Item 6. Selected Financial Data................................................. 15

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations............................................. 16

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks............. 25

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data............................. 25

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
 and Financial Disclosure.............................................. 25

 PART III

 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant...................... 26

 Item 11. Executive Compensation.................................................. 26

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.......... 26

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.......................... 26

 PART IV

 Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K......... 27

THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K CONTAINS "FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS"
WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 27A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND
SECTION 21E OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, STATEMENTS CONCERNING FUTURE SALES, EARNINGS, COSTS,
EXPENSES, ACQUISITIONS OR CORPORATE COMBINATIONS, ASSET RECOVERIES, WORKING
CAPITAL, CAPITAL EXPENDITURES, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND OTHER RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS. SUCH STATEMENTS REFLECT THE COMPANY'S CURRENT VIEWS WITH RESPECT TO
FUTURE EVENTS AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RISKS,
UNCERTAINTIES AND ASSUMPTIONS, INCLUDING THOSE DISCUSSED IN "ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION
OF BUSINESS - CERTAIN BUSINESS RISKS." SHOULD ONE OR MORE OF THESE RISKS OR
UNCERTAINTIES MATERIALIZE, OR SHOULD UNDERLYING ASSUMPTIONS PROVE INCORRECT,
ACTUAL RESULTS MAY VARY MATERIALLY FROM THOSE ANTICIPATED, BELIEVED, ESTIMATED
OR PROJECTED.

 PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS.

GENERAL

 TETRA Technologies, Inc. ("TETRA" or "the Company") is an oil and gas
services company with an integrated calcium chloride and brominated products
manufacturing operation that supplies feedstocks to energy markets, as well as
other markets. The Company is comprised of three divisions - Fluids, Well
Abandonment & Decommissioning and Testing & Services.

 The Company's Fluids Division manufactures and markets clear brine fluids
to the oil and gas industry for use in well drilling, completion and workover
operations in both domestic and international markets. The Division also markets
the fluids and dry calcium chloride manufactured at its production facilities to
a variety of markets outside the energy industry.

 The Company's Testing & Services Division provides production testing
services to the Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi, offshore Gulf of Mexico
and Latin American markets. It also provides technology and services required
for the separation and recycling of oily residuals generated from petroleum
refining and exploration and production operations.

 The Well Abandonment & Decommissioning Division provides a complete package
of services required for the abandonment of depleted oil and gas wells and the
decommissioning of platforms, pipelines and other associated equipment. The
Division services the onshore, inland waters and offshore markets of the Gulf of
Mexico. The Division is also an oil and gas producer from wells acquired in
connection with its well abandonment and decommissioning business.

 TETRA Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 1981. All
references to the Company or TETRA include TETRA Technologies, Inc. and its
subsidiaries. The Company's corporate headquarters are located at 25025
Interstate 45 North in The Woodlands, Texas. Its phone number is 281-367-1983
and its web site is accessed at www.tetratec.com.

 -1-

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

 FLUIDS DIVISION

 Liquid calcium chloride, sodium bromide, calcium bromide, zinc bromide and
zinc calcium bromide produced by the Fluids Division are referred to as clear
brine fluids (CBFs) in the oil and gas industry. CBFs are solids-free, clear
salt solutions that, like conventional drilling "muds", have high specific
gravities and are used as weighting fluids to control bottom-hole pressures
during oil and gas completion and workover activities. The use of CBFs increases
production by reducing the likelihood of damage to the wellbore and productive
pay zone. CBFs are particularly important in offshore completion and workover
operations due to the increased formation sensitivity, the significantly greater
investment necessary to drill offshore, and the consequent higher cost of error.
CBFs are distributed through the Company's Fluids Division and are also sold to
other companies who service customers in the oil and gas industry.

 The Division provides basic and custom blended CBFs to domestic and
international oil and gas well operators, based on the specific need of the
customer and the proposed application of the product. The Division also provides
these customers with a broad range of associated services, including on-site
fluid filtration, handling and recycling, fluid engineering consultation, and
fluid management. The Division also repurchases used CBFs from operators and
recycles and reconditions these materials. The utilization of reconditioned CBFs
reduces the net cost of the CBFs to the Company's customers and minimizes the
need for disposal of contaminated fluids. The Company recycles and reconditions
the CBFs through filtration, blending and the use of proprietary chemical
processes, and then markets the reconditioned CBFs.

 The Division's fluid engineering and management personnel use proprietary
technology to determine the proper blend for a particular application to
maximize the effectiveness and life span of the CBFs. The specific volume,
density, crystallization, temperature and chemical composition of the CBFs are
modified by the Company to satisfy a customer's specific requirements. The
Company's filtration services use a variety of techniques and equipment for the
on-site removal of particulates from CBFs so that those CBFs can be recirculated
back into the well. Filtration also enables recovery of a greater percentage of
used CBFs for recycling.

 The PayZone-Registered Trademark- Drill-in Fluids systems use CBFs as the
basis for this line of specialized drilling fluid systems, some of which are
patented. These systems are used during drilling, completing, underreaming,
reentry and workover operations through the sensitive pay zone of the well, to
increase oil and gas recovery. The Division's patented Advanced Clean Up
Technology (ACT -TM-) systems are designed to quickly and uniformly clean up
drill-in fluids filtercake from the payzone to increase oil and gas production.

 The manufacturing group of the Fluids Division presently operates eight
active production facilities that manufacture liquid and dry calcium chloride,
sodium bromide, calcium bromide, zinc bromide and zinc calcium bromide for
distribution primarily into energy markets. Liquid and dry calcium chloride are
also sold into the water treatment, industrial, cement, food processing, dust
control, ice melt and consumer products markets. Liquid sodium bromide is also
sold into the industrial water treatment markets, where it is used as a biocide
in recirculated cooling tower waters.

 Four of these facilities convert co-product hydrochloric acid from
nearby sources into liquid and dry calcium chloride products. These
operations are located near Lyondell's Lake Charles, Louisiana TDI plant;
Resolution Performance Product's Norco, Louisiana epoxy resins plant;
Vulcan's Wichita, Kansas chlorinated solvents plant; and DuPont's
Parkersburg, West Virginia fluoromonomer plant. Some of these facilities
consume feedstock acid from other sources as well. Dry calcium chloride is
produced at the Company's Lake Charles plant. With production capacity of at
least 100,000 tons of dry product per year, the Lake Charles plant can
produce both 80 and 97 calcium chloride products. The Company also has two
solar evaporation plants located in San Bernardino County, California, which
produce liquid calcium chloride from underground brine reserves to supply
markets in the Western United States.

 -2-

The manufacturing group manufactures and distributes calcium bromide and
zinc bromide from its West Memphis, Arkansas facility. The production process
uses a low-cost hydrobromic acid or bromine along with various zinc sources to
manufacture its products. This facility also uses proprietary technologies to
recondition and upgrade used CBFs repurchased from the Company's customers. The
group also has a facility at Dow's Ludington, Michigan chemical plant that
converts a crude bromine stream from Dow's calcium/magnesium chemicals operation
into purified bromine and liquid calcium bromide or liquid sodium bromide.

 The Company also owns a plant in Magnolia, Arkansas that is designed to
produce calcium bromide. Approximately 33,000 gross acres of bromine-containing
brine reserves are under lease by the Company in the vicinity of the plant to
support its production. The plant is not currently in operation, and the Company
continues to evaluate its strategy related to these assets and their
development.

 TESTING & SERVICES DIVISION

 The production testing group of the Testing & Services Division provides
flow-back pressure and volume testing of oil and gas wells, predominantly in the
Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi, offshore Gulf of Mexico, Mexico and
Venezuela markets. The Company believes this group to be the leading provider of
these services in the Western Hemisphere. These services facilitate the
sophisticated evaluation techniques needed for reservoir management and
optimization of well work-over programs. In 2000, the Company acquired certain
assets of Southern Well Testing, Inc. and Key Energy Services, Inc., which
significantly increased its equipment capacity in production testing, slickline,
liquid mud facilities and pipe testing assets. In September 2001, the Company
expanded its testing capabilities in the offshore Gulf of Mexico market as well
as improving its onshore presence through the acquisition of the assets of
Production Well Testers. The Division's Production Testing group maintains the
largest fleet of high pressure production testing equipment in the South Texas
area, with operations in Victoria, Alice, Edinburg and Laredo, Texas, as well as
Reynosa, Mexico. The division also has operations in Conroe and Palestine Texas,
Lafayette Louisiana and Maturin, Venezuela.

 The process services group of the Testing & Services Division applies a
variety of technologies to separate oily residuals, mixtures of hydrocarbons,
water and solids, into their components. The group provides its oil recovery and
residuals separation and recycling services to the petroleum refining market
primarily in the United States. This group utilizes various liquid/solid
separation technologies, including a proprietary high temperature thermal
desorption and recovery technology and hydrocyclones, centrifuges and filter
presses. Oil is recycled for productive use, water is recycled or disposed of
and organic solids are recycled. Inorganic solids are treated to become inert,
non-hazardous materials. The Division typically builds, owns and operates fixed
systems that are located on its customer's sites, providing these services under
long-term contracts.

 Through the Company's international fluids operations, this Division has
developed an exploration and production application for its technology.
Utilizing its existing technology, the Division is able to remove oily
contaminants from liquid and solid residuals generated in offshore drilling and
production. The Division acquired its first international contract in 2000 and
subsequently constructed a processing facility in Kristiansund, Norway.

 -3-

WELL ABANDONMENT & DECOMMISSIONING DIVISION

 The Well Abandonment & Decommissioning Division provides a complete package
of services required for the abandonment of depleted oil and gas wells and the
decommissioning of platforms and other associated equipment onshore and in
inland waters in Texas and Louisiana and offshore in the Gulf of Mexico. The
Company first entered this business in 1994 in an effort to expand the services
offered to its customers and to capitalize on existing personnel, equipment and
facilities along the Louisiana and Texas Gulf Coast. The business was expanded
significantly in 1996 with two acquisitions that provided penetration into the
Texas onshore markets and the inland waters markets off Texas and Louisiana. The
Division added wireline services to its mix in 1997 with an additional
acquisition.

 The Division has service facilities which are located in Belle Chase, Houma
and Lafayette, Louisiana and Bryan, Midland and Victoria, Texas. In providing
its well abandonment and decommissioning services, the Company operates onshore
rigs, barge-mounted rigs, a platform rig, a heavy lift barge and offshore
rigless packages. The Division's integrated package of services includes the
full complement of operations required to plug wells, salvage tubulars and
decommission well head equipment, pipelines and platforms. Its wireline
operations provide pressure transient testing, reservoir evaluation, well
performance evaluation, cased hole and memory production logging, perforating,
bridge plug and packer service and pipe recovery to major oil companies
operating in the Gulf of Mexico.

 In the fourth quarter of 2000, the Company increased its capacity to
service its markets through the acquisition of the assets of Cross Offshore
Corporation, Ocean Salvage Corporation and Cross Marine LLC. This purchase
approximately doubled the number of offshore rigless well abandonment packages
owned by the Company and increased the number of inland packages as well. The
Company also acquired the heavy lift barge, Southern Hercules, with a 500-ton
lift capacity (upgradable to 800 tons) which further expands the Company's
turnkey capabilities in decommissioning inland water and offshore pipelines and
platforms.

 The Company formed Maritech Resources, Inc. in 1999 as a new component
of the Well Abandonment & Decommissioning Division to own, manage and exploit
producing oil and gas properties purchased in conjunction with its well
abandonment business. Federal regulations generally require leasees to plug
and abandon wells and decommission the platforms, pipelines and other
equipment located on the lease within one year after the lease terminates.
Frequently the costs of abandonment and decommissioning exceed the value of
the producing wells with regard to a particular lease. The Division's
strategy is to provide the oil and gas companies with alternative ways of
managing their well abandonment obligations, while effectively base-loading
well abandonment and decommissioning work for the Well Abandonment &
Decommission Division. The Division structures creative alternatives to
relieve E&P companies of the burden of managing these obligations and the
end-of-life properties that are associated with them. This may include
purchasing an interest in the remaining productive wells and operating those
properties in exchange for assuming the well abandonment obligations
associated with such properties. The Company believes that this Division's
strategy is being perceived by the operators of these properties as a cost
effective method of satisfying their abandonment and decommissioning
obligations, which in turn provides for increased demand for the Division's
services and equipment.

 -4-

SOURCES OF RAW MATERIALS

 The Fluids Division manufactures calcium chloride, sodium bromide, calcium
bromide, zinc bromide and zinc calcium bromide for distribution to its oil and
gas customers. The Division also purchases calcium bromide and sodium bromide
from two domestic and one foreign manufacturer, and it recycles calcium and zinc
bromide CBFs repurchased from its oil and gas customers.

 Some of the Division's primary sources of raw materials are low-cost
chemical co-product streams obtained from chemical manufacturers. At the Norco,
Louisiana; Wichita, Kansas; Lake Charles, Louisiana; and Parkersburg, West
Virginia calcium chloride production plants, the principal raw material is
co-product hydrochloric acid produced by other chemical companies. The Company
has written agreements with those chemical companies regarding the supply of
hydrochloric acid but believes that there are numerous alternative sources of
supply as well. The Company produces calcium chloride at its two plants in San
Bernardino County, California from underground brine reserves. These brines are
deemed adequate to supply the Company's foreseeable need for calcium chloride in
that market area. Substantial quantities of limestone are also consumed when
converting hydrochloric acid into calcium chloride. The Company uses a
proprietary process that permits the use of less expensive limestone, while
maintaining end-use product quality. The Company purchases limestone from
several different sources. Hydrochloric acid and limestone are in abundant
supply. The Company also purchases calcium chloride from a domestic producer
under a long-term supply agreement.

 To produce calcium bromide, zinc bromide and zinc calcium bromide at its
West Memphis, Arkansas facility, the Company uses hydrobromic acid, bromine and
various sources of zinc raw materials. The Company has one internal and several
external sources of bromine and several external sources of co-product
hydrobromic acid. The Company uses proprietary and patented processes that
permit the use of cost advantaged raw materials, while maintaining high product
quality. There are multiple sources of zinc that the Company can use in the
production of zinc bromide. The Company has an agreement with the Dow Chemical
Company to purchase crude bromine to feed its bromine derivatives plant in
Ludington, Michigan. This plant produces purified bromine for use at the West
Memphis facility as well as liquid calcium bromide and sodium bromide for
resale.

 The Company also owns a calcium bromide manufacturing plant near Magnolia,
Arkansas, that was constructed in 1985 and has a production capacity of 100
million pounds of calcium bromide per year. This plant was acquired in 1988 and
is not in operation. The Company currently has approximately 33,000 gross acres
of bromine-containing brine reserves under lease in the vicinity of this plant.
While this plant is designed to produce calcium bromide, it could be modified to
produce elemental bromine or select bromine compounds. The Company believes it
has sufficient brine reserves under lease to operate a world-scale bromine
facility for 25 to 30 years. Development of the brine field, construction of
necessary pipelines and reconfiguration of the plant would take several years
and require a substantial additional capital investment.

 The Company has a long-term supply agreement with a foreign producer of
calcium bromide as well. This agreement, coupled with production of bromine and
sodium and calcium bromide from the new Ludington, Michigan plant and calcium
bromide, zinc bromide and zinc calcium bromide from the West Memphis, Arkansas
facility, affords the Company additional flexibility, beyond the development of
the Magnolia, Arkansas plant, for the secure supply of its required bromine
derivatives.

 -5-

MARKET OVERVIEW AND COMPETITION

 FLUIDS DIVISION

 The Fluids Division markets and sells CBFs, drilling and completion fluids
systems, and related products and services to major oil and gas exploration and
production areas worldwide. Current foreign areas of market presence include the
North Sea, Mexico, South America, the Far East and West Africa. The Division's
principal competitors in the sale of CBFs to the oil and gas industry are Baroid
Corporation, a subsidiary of Halliburton, Inc., M.I. LLC, a joint venture of
Smith International Inc. and Schlumberger Limited, and OSCA, Inc., which has
entered into an agreement to be acquired by B.J. Services. This market is highly
competitive and competition is based primarily on service, availability and
price. Although all competitors provide fluid handling, filtration and recycling
services, the Company believes that its historical focus on providing these and
other value-added services to its customers has enabled it to compete
successfully with all companies. Major customers of the Fluids Division include
Shell Oil, ChevronTexaco, Amerada Hess, BP, El Paso Energy, Kerr-McGee Corp.,
Apache, Anadarko, Newfield Exploration and Conoco USA.

 Non-energy markets for the Company's liquid and dry calcium chloride
products include industrial, municipal, mining, janitorial and consumer markets
for snow and ice melt products, dust control, cement curing, and road
stabilization markets, and certain agricultural and food industry businesses.
Most of these markets are highly competitive. The Company's major competitors in
the dry calcium chloride market include Dow Chemical Company and General
Chemical Company. The Company sells sodium bromide into the industrial water
treatment markets as a biocide under the BioRid-TM- trade name.

 TESTING & SERVICES DIVISION

 The Division's production testing group provides its services primarily to
the natural gas segment of the oil and gas industry. Using typical completion
techniques, sand, water and other abrasive materials will normally accompany the
initial production of natural gas, usually under very high pressures. The
Company provides the equipment and qualified personnel to remove these
impediments to production and to pressure test wells and wellhead equipment.

 The market is highly competitive and competition is based on availability
of equipment and qualified personnel, as well as price, quality of service and
safety record. The Company believes its equipment maintenance program and
operating procedures give it a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Market
competition is dominated by numerous small, individually owned operators such as
Fesco and Parchman, and to a lesser extent by Schlumberger, Halliburton and
other integrated service companies. The Company's customers include Conoco
U.S.A., Shell Oil, El Paso Energy, ChevronTexaco, Devon, Newfield, other large
independent gas producers, PEMEX (the national oil company of Mexico) and PDVSA
(the national oil company of Venezuela).

 The Division's process services group currently provides oily residuals
processing to U.S. refineries concentrated in Texas and Louisiana. Although U.S.
refineries have alternative technologies and disposal systems available to them,
the Company feels its competitive edge lies in its ability to apply its various
liquid/solid separation technologies to provide the most efficient processing
alternative at competitive prices. The group currently has major processing
facilities at the following refineries: ExxonMobil - Baytown, Texas and Baton
Rouge, Louisiana; Premcor and Motiva - Port Arthur, Texas; Phillips - Borger,
Texas; Lyondell-Citgo - Houston, Texas; and Citgo - Lake Charles, Louisiana.
Major competitors in this market include Scaltech, Midwestern Centrifuge Systems
and Phillips Services. The Company believes that new refinery regulations
permitting the processing of oily residuals from other refineries will provide
the group with expanded market opportunities in the U.S. In 2001, the Company
signed a contract with Hovensa and constructed a processing facility in St.
Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands. The plant commenced processing in 2002.

 -6-

The Process Services group entered the international energy market in 2000
by applying its technology to process oily residuals generated from offshore
exploration and production in the Norwegian sector of the North Sea. The
Division has a contract with Renovasson Nord A/S (RN) to process drilling fluids
and drill cuttings at the group's central processing facility in Kristiansund,
Norway. RN has contracts with major exploration and production operators working
offshore Norway to process their oily residuals. Using its technologies, the
group believes it is able to provide more cost-effective alternatives to the
customer's waste disposal needs. Major competitors in this market include
Soilcare, Slovagen Industries and Franzefoss Gjennvinning. Environmental
regulations are a major marketplace driver in this business. Markets such as the
North Sea, which have stringent zero discharge regulations, afford the greatest
growth opportunities for the Company.

 WELL ABANDONMENT & DECOMMISSIONING DIVISION

 Demand for the services of The Well Abandonment and Decommissioning
Division is predominately driven by government regulations that dictate when
a well must be plugged. Current regulations generally require wells to be
plugged, offshore platforms removed and remediation of the seabed at the well
site to its original state within twelve months after the lease expires. As a
result of past drilling activity, depletion of wells and various exceptions
generally offered to exploration and production companies in the past that
have delayed the plug and abandonment obligation, the number of wells
requiring plugging has grown steadily. The Company believes there to be a
substantial number of wells offshore in the Gulf of Mexico and in the inland
waters, and onshore Texas and Louisiana that require well abandonment and
decommissioning work. Critical factors required to participate in these
markets include: the proper equipment to meet diverse market conditions;
qualified, experienced personnel; technical expertise to address varying
downhole conditions; the financial strength to ensure all abandonment and
decommissioning obligations are satisfied and a comprehensive safety and
environmental program. The Company believes its integrated service package
satisfies these market requirements, allowing it to successfully compete.

 The Division markets its services to major oil and gas companies,
independent operators, and state governmental agencies. Major customers include
ChevronTexaco, ExxonMobil, Shell Oil, BP, Total Fina Elf, Conoco U.S.A., Apache,
Anadarko, Newfield Exploration, El Paso, the Louisiana Conservation Commission
and the Railroad Commission of the State of Texas. These services are performed
onshore in Texas and Louisiana, Gulf Coast inland waterways and the Gulf of
Mexico. The Company's principal competitors in the offshore and inland waters
markets include Superior Energy Services, Inc., Cal Dive International, Inc.,
Horizon Offshore and Global Industries. This market is highly competitive and
competition is based primarily on service, equipment availability and price. The
Division believes its focus on core competency in well abandonment and
decommissioning operations has allowed it to better provide the complete
portfolio of equipment, experience and administration required to manage its
customer's needs.

OTHER BUSINESS MATTERS

 MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION

 The Fluids Division markets its domestic products and services through its
distribution facilities located principally in the Gulf Coast region of the
United States. These facilities are in close proximity to both product supplies
and customer concentrations. Since transportation costs can represent a large
percentage of the total delivered cost of chemical products, particularly liquid
chemicals, the Division believes that its strategic locations make it one of the
lowest cost suppliers of liquid calcium chloride and other CBFs in the Southern
United States and California. International markets that are served include the
U.K. and Norwegian sectors of the North Sea, Mexico, Venezuela, Brazil, West
Africa and the Far East.

 -7-

The non oilfield liquid and dry calcium chloride products are marketed
through the Division's sales offices and sales agents in California, Missouri,
Florida, Texas and Wyoming, as well as through a network of distributors located
throughout the Midwest, West, Northeast, Southeast and Southwest. To service
these markets, the Division has over two dozen distribution facilities
strategically located to provide efficient, low-cost product availability.

 BACKLOG

 The Company generally provides its products and services within seven days
of receipt of an order. Consequently, the level of backlog is not indicative of
the Company's sales activity. On December 31, 2001, the Company had an estimated
backlog of work of 73.9 million, of which approximately 14.8 million is
expected to be billed during 2002.

 EMPLOYEES

 As of December 31, 2001, the Company had 1,452 employees. None of the
Company's U.S. employees are presently covered by a collective bargaining
agreement, other than the employees of the Company's Lake Charles, Louisiana
calcium chloride production facility who are represented by the Paper, Allied
Industrial, Chemical and Energy Workers International union. The Company
believes that its relations with its employees are good.

 PATENTS, PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGY AND TRADEMARKS

 As of December 31, 2001, the Company owned or licensed 21 issued U.S.
patents, had two patents pending in the U.S., one issued foreign patent and
eight foreign patents pending. The foreign patents and patent applications are
primarily foreign counterparts to U.S. patents or patent applications. The
issued patents expire at various times through 2018. The Company has elected to
maintain certain other internally developed technologies, know-how and
inventions as trade secrets. While the Company believes that the protection of
its patents and trade secrets is important to its competitive positions in its
businesses, the Company does not believe any one patent or trade secret is
essential to the success of the Company.

 It is the practice of the Company to enter into confidentiality agreements
with key employees, consultants and third parties to whom the Company discloses
its confidential and proprietary information. There can be no assurance,
however, that these measures will prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of
the Company's trade secrets and expertise or that others may not independently
develop similar trade secrets or expertise. Management of the Company believes,
however, that it would require a substantial period of time, and substantial
resources, to develop similar know-how or technology independently. As a policy,
the Company uses all possible legal means to protect its patents, trade secrets
and other proprietary information.

 The Company sells various products and services under a variety of trade
marks and service marks, some of which are registered in the U.S. or certain
foreign countries.

 -8-

SAFETY, HEALTH AND ENVIRONMENTAL AFFAIRS REGULATIONS

 Various environmental protection laws and regulations have been enacted and
amended during the past three decades in response to public concerns over the
environment. The operations of the Company and its customers are subject to the
various evolving environmental laws and corresponding regulations, which are
enforced by the US Environmental Protection Agency, the MMS and various other
federal, state and local environmental authorities. Similar laws and regulations
designed to protect the health and safety of the Company's employees and
visitors to its facilities are enforced by the US Occupational Safety and Health
Administration and other state and local agencies and authorities. The Company
must comply with the requirements of environmental laws and regulations
applicable to its operations, including the Federal Water Pollution Control Act
of 1972, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 (RCRA), the Clean
Air Act of 1977, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act
of 1986 (SARA), the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act of 1947
(FIFRA), Hazardous Materials Transportation Act of 1975, and Pollution
Prevention Act of 1990. The Company is also subject to the applicable
environmental and health and safety rules and regulations of the local, state
and federal agencies in those foreign countries in which it operates. Many state
and local agencies have imposed environmental laws and regulations with stricter
standards than their federal counterparts. The Company believes that it is in
compliance with all material environmental regulations.

 At the Company's Lake Charles, West Memphis, Parkersburg and San Bernardino
County production plants, the Company holds various permits regulating air
emissions, wastewater and storm water discharges, disposal of certain hazardous
and non-hazardous wastes, and wetlands preservation.

 The Company believes that its manufacturing plants and other facilities are
in general compliance with all applicable environmental and health and safety
laws and regulations. Since its inception, the Company has not had a history of
any significant fines or claims in connection with environmental or health and
safety matters. However, risks of substantial costs and liabilities are inherent
in certain plant operations and certain products produced at the Company's
plants and there can be no assurance that significant costs and liabilities will
not be incurred in the future. Changes in the environmental and health and
safety regulations could subject the Company's handling, manufacture, use,
reuse, or disposal of materials at plants to stricter scrutiny. The Company
cannot predict the extent to which its operations may be affected by future
regulatory and enforcement policies. Tighter MMS regulations regarding well
abandonment and platform decommissioning could benefit the Company's Well
Abandonment & Decommissioning Division.

 CERTAIN BUSINESS RISKS

 The Company identifies the following important risk factors, which could
affect the Company's actual results and cause actual results to differ
materially from any such results that might be projected, forecasted, estimated
or budgeted by the Company in this report.

 MARKETS

 The Company's operations are materially dependent on the levels of oil and
gas well drilling, completion, workover and abandonment activity, both in the
United States and internationally. Such activity levels are affected both by
short-term and long-term trends in oil and gas prices and supply and demand
balance, among other factors. In recent years, oil and gas prices and,
therefore, the levels of well drilling, completion and workover activity, have
been volatile. Worldwide military, political and economic events, including
initiatives by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, have
contributed to, and are likely to continue to contribute to, price volatility.
Also, a prolonged slow down of the U.S. and/or world economy may contribute to
an eventual downward trend in the demand and correspondingly the price of oil
and natural gas. Any prolonged reduction in oil and gas prices may depress the
levels of well drilling, completion and workover activity and result in a
corresponding decline in the demand for the Company's products and services and,
therefore, have a material adverse effect on the Company's revenues and
profitability.

 -9-

COMPETITION

 The Company encounters and expects to continue to encounter intense
competition in the sale of its products and services. The Company competes with
numerous companies in its oil and gas and chemical operations. Many of the
Company's competitors have substantially greater financial and other related
resources than the Company. To the extent competitors offer comparable products
or services at lower prices, or higher quality and more cost-effective products
or services, the Company's business could be materially and adversely affected.

 SUPPLY OF RAW MATERIALS

 The Company sells a variety of CBFs, including brominated CBFs such as
calcium bromide, zinc bromide and sodium bromide, and other brominated products,
some of which are manufactured by the Company and some of which are purchased
from third parties. The Company also sells calcium chloride, as a CBF and in
other forms and for other applications. Sales of calcium chloride and brominated
products contribute significantly to the Company's revenues. In its manufacture
of calcium chloride, the Company uses hydrochloric acid and other raw materials
purchased from third parties. In its manufacture of brominated products, the
Company uses bromine, hydrobromic acid and other raw materials, including
various forms of zinc, that are purchased from third parties. The Company
acquires brominated products from a variety of third party suppliers. If the
Company was unable to acquire the brominated products, sulfuric, hydrobromic or
hydrochloric acid, zinc or any other raw material supplies for a prolonged
period, the Company's business could be materially and adversely affected.

 CERTAIN CREDIT RISKS RELATED TO OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES

 The Company's Maritech Resources, Inc. subsidiary purchases interests in
certain end-of-life producing oil and gas properties in the U.S. Gulf Coast
Region (including the Gulf of Mexico) in association with the operations of the
Company's Well Abandonment & Decommissioning Division. As the owner of these
interests, Maritech is liable for the proper abandonment and decommissioning of
the wells, platforms, pipelines and associated equipment located on these
properties. TETRA has guaranteed a portion of the abandonment and
decommissioning liabilities of Maritech, which can be material in amount. When
it purchases these properties, Maritech is compensated for assuming these
abandonment liabilities, in the form of cash, oil and gas reserves, by the
former owner agreeing to pay Maritech in the future, or by other means. When
this compensation is in the form of an agreement to pay in the future, Maritech
and TETRA are subject to the risk that the former owner(s) will be unable to
make these future payments. Maritech and TETRA attempt to minimize this risk by
analyzing the creditworthiness of the former owner(s) and others who may be
legally obligated to pay in the event the former owner(s) are unable to do so,
and obtaining guarantees, bonds, letters of credit or other forms of security
when they are deemed necessary. In addition, if Maritech acquires less than 100 
of the working interest in a property, its co-owners are responsible for the
payment of their portion of the associated abandonment liabilities, although if
the co-owners do not pay their portions, Maritech may be liable for the
defaulted amount as well. If any required payment is not made by a former owner
or a co-owner and any security is not sufficient to cover the required payment,
TETRA could suffer material losses.

-10-

POTENTIAL LIABILITY FOR ENVIRONMENTAL OPERATIONS: ENVIRONMENTAL
 REGULATION

 The Company's operations are subject to extensive and evolving Federal,
state and local laws and regulatory requirements, including permits, relating to
environmental affairs, health and safety, waste management and the manufacture,
storage, handling, transportation, use and sale of chemical products.
Governmental authorities have the power to enforce compliance with these
regulations and permits, and violators are subject to civil and criminal
penalties, including civil fines, injunctions or both. Third parties may also
have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance. It is possible
that increasingly strict environmental laws, regulations and enforcement
policies could result in substantial costs and liabilities to the Company and
could subject the Company's handling, manufacture, use, reuse, or disposal of
substances or pollutants to scrutiny. The Company's business exposes it to risks
such as the potential for harmful substances escaping into the environment and
causing damages or injuries, which could be substantial. Although the Company
maintains general liability insurance, this insurance is subject to coverage
limits and generally excludes coverage for losses or liabilities relating to
environmental damage or pollution. The Company maintains environmental liability
insurance covering named locations and environmental risks associated with
contract services for oil and gas operations, refinery waste treatment
operations and for its oil and gas production properties. The extent of this
coverage is consistent with the Company's other insurance programs. The Company
could be materially and adversely affected by an enforcement proceeding or a
claim that was not covered or was only partially covered by insurance.

 In addition to increasing the Company's risk of environmental liability,
the promulgation of stricter environmental laws, regulations and enforcement
policies has accelerated the growth of some of the markets served by the
Company. Decreased regulation and enforcement could materially and adversely
affect the demand for the types of systems offered by the Company's Process
Services and Well Abandonment & Decommissioning operations and, therefore,
materially and adversely affect the Company's business.

 RISKS RELATED TO ACQUISITIONS AND INTERNAL GROWTH

 The Company's aggressive growth strategy includes both internal growth and
growth by acquisitions. Acquisitions require significant financial and
management resources both at the time of the transaction and during the process
of integrating the newly acquired business into the Company's operations.
Internal growth requires both financial and management resources as well as
hiring additional personnel. The Company's operating results could be adversely
affected if it is unable to successfully integrate such new companies into its
operations or is unable to hire adequate personnel. Future acquisitions by the
Company could also result in issuances of equity securities or the rights
associated with the equity securities, which could potentially dilute earnings
per share. In addition, future acquisitions could result in the incurrence of
additional debt or contingent liabilities and amortization expenses related to
goodwill and other intangible assets. These factors could adversely affect the
Company's future operating results and financial position.

 WEATHER RELATED FACTORS

 Demand for the Company's products and services are subject to seasonal
fluctuation due in part to weather conditions, which cannot be predicted. The
Company's operating results may vary from quarter to quarter depending on
weather conditions in applicable areas in the United States and in international
regions.

 RISKS RELATED TO GROSS MARGIN

 The Company's operating results in general, and gross margin in particular,
are functions of the product mix sold in any period. Other factors, such as unit
volumes, heightened price competition, changes in sales and distribution
channels, shortages in raw materials due to timely supplies or ability to obtain
items at reasonable prices, and availability of skilled labor, may also continue
to affect the cost of sales and the fluctuation of gross margin in future
periods.

-11-

PATENT AND TRADE SECRET PROTECTION

 The Company owns numerous patents, patent applications and unpatented trade
secret technologies in the U.S. and certain foreign countries. There can be no
assurance that the steps taken by the Company to protect its proprietary rights
will be adequate to deter misappropriation of its proprietary rights. In
addition, independent third parties may develop competitive or superior
technologies.

 DEPENDENCE ON PERSONNEL

 The Company's success depends upon the continued contributions of its
personnel, many of whom would be difficult to replace. The success of the
Company will depend on the ability of the Company to attract and retain skilled
employees. Changes in personnel, therefore, could adversely affect operating
results.

 THE FOREGOING REVIEW OF FACTORS PURSUANT TO THE PRIVATE SECURITIES
LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS EXHAUSTIVE. IN ADDITION
TO THE FOREGOING, THE COMPANY WISHES TO REFER READERS TO THE COMPANY'S FUTURE
PRESS RELEASES AND FILINGS AND REPORTS WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION FOR FURTHER INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS AND
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY
FROM THOSE CONTAINED IN FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, SUCH AS THIS REPORT. THE
COMPANY UNDERTAKES NO OBLIGATION TO PUBLICLY RELEASE THE RESULT OF ANY REVISIONS
TO ANY SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WHICH MAY BE MADE TO REFLECT THE EVENTS
OR CIRCUMSTANCES AFTER THE DATE HEREOF OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF
UNANTICIPATED EVENTS.

-12-

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.

 The following table sets forth certain information concerning facilities
leased or owned by the Company as of December 31, 2001. The Company believes its
facilities are adequate for its present needs.

DESCRIPTION LOCATION APPROXIMATE SQUARE FOOTAGE(1)
 ----------- -------- ---------------------------
 
Distribution facilities............................. Texas - twelve locations 1,262,700
 Louisiana - seven locations 732,200
 Laurel, Mississippi 30,000
 Venezuela 110,000
 Mexico - various locations 95,000
 United Kingdom - various locations 92,000
 Brazil 30,000
 Ivory Coast 30,000
 Nigeria 28,000
 Norway - various locations 25,000
 Angola 20,000
 Cameroon 15,000

Fluids chemical plant production facilities......... San Bernardino County, CA
 two locations 29 Square Miles(2)
 Lake Charles, Louisiana 751,500
 West Memphis, Arkansas 697,800
 Magnolia, Arkansas 120,000
 Parkersburg, West Virginia 106,300
 Norco, Louisiana 85,200
 Orlando, Florida 35,800
 Wichita, Kansas 19,500
 Ludington, Michigan 10,000

Process Services facilities......................... Texas - six locations 81,125
 Louisiana - two locations 31,260
 Norway 25,000
 St. Croix, Virgin Islands 33,500
 The Woodlands, Texas 16,000

Technical Center.................................... The Woodlands, Texas 26,000

Corporate Headquarters.............................. The Woodlands, Texas 55,000

- ----------
(1) Includes real property and buildings unless otherwise noted.
(2) Includes solar evaporation ponds.

 -13-

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

 The Company is a named defendant in numerous lawsuits and a respondent in
certain other governmental proceedings arising in the ordinary course of
business. While the outcome of such lawsuits and other proceedings cannot be
predicted with certainty, management does not expect these matters to have a
material adverse impact on the Company.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

 No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders of the Company,
through solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the fourth quarter of the
year ended December 31, 2001.

 PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
 MATTERS.

 PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK

 The Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
"TTI". As of March 25, 2002 there were approximately 2,719 holders of record of
the Common Stock. The following table sets forth the high and low closing sale
prices of the Common Stock for each calendar quarter in the two years ended
December 31, 2001, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. Over-the-counter
market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down
or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.

HIGH LOW
 -------- --------
 
2001
 First Quarter...................... 24.09 13.69
 Second Quarter..................... 29.25 18.85
 Third Quarter...................... 25.60 16.73
 Fourth Quarter..................... 22.90 14.75

2000
 First Quarter...................... 13.44 7.00
 Second Quarter..................... 14.94 11.25
 Third Quarter...................... 16.94 12.56
 Fourth Quarter..................... 16.50 12.56

DIVIDEND POLICY

 The Company has never paid cash dividends on its Common Stock. The Company
currently intends to retain earnings to finance the growth and development of
its business and does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. Any payment of cash dividends in the future will depend upon the
financial condition, capital requirements and earnings of the Company as well as
other factors the Board of Directors may deem relevant. The Company declared a
dividend of one Preferred Stock Purchase Right per share of Common Stock to
holders of record at the close of business on Novembers 6, 1998. See Note R to
the financial statements attached hereto for a description of such Rights.

 -14-

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
 ------------------------------------------------------------------
 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997
 ---------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ----------
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
 
INCOME STATEMENT DATA
Revenues 303,438 224,505 178,062 211,728 196,999
Gross Profit 85,234 53,693 38,966 56,110 59,702
Operating Income (Loss) 40,798 16,124 (5,289)(1) 20,661 27,613 (2)
Interest Expense (2,491) (4,187) (5,238) (5,257) (1,288)
Interest Income 402 441 371 148 273
Other Income (Expense) net (440) 31 65 (239) 1,009
Net Income, before discontinued operations
 and cumulative effect of accounting
 change 23,873 7,737 14,329(3) 9,322 16,654
Net Income (Loss) 23,873 (6,722) 10,232 9,322 16,654

EBITDA(4) 59,325 31,861 16,417(5) 34,765 41,970
Net Income per share, before
 discontinued operations and cumulative
 effect of accounting change 1.71 0.57 1.06 0.69 1.25
Average Shares 13,995 13,616 13,524 13,561 13,297

Net Income per diluted share, before
 discontinued operations and cumulative
 effect of accounting change 1.61 0.57 1.06 0.67 1.17
Average Diluted Shares 14,837 13,616 13,576 13,994 14,189

(1) Includes special charge of 4,745 and restructuring charge of 2,320
(2) Includes unusual charges of 3,000
(3) Includes gain on the sale of administration building of 6,731 and gain on
 sale of business of 29,629.
(4) EBITDA is earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization,
 adjusted to eliminate the effects of special charges and restructuring of
 7,065 in 1999 and 3,000 in 1997.
(5) Excludes gain on the sale of administration building of 6,731 and gain on
 sale of business of 29,629.

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
 ------------------------------------------------------------------
 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ----
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
BALANCE SHEET DATA
 Working capital 69,456 64,293 60,311 75,894 59,905
 Total assets 309,809 278,940 284,510 305,285 255,986
 Long-term liabilities 75,268 81,395 92,806 126,447 89,724
 Stockholders' equity 167,650 143,754 149,421 139,322 129,580

The above selected financial data has been restated to reflect the discontinued
operations of TETRA Micronutrients, Inc.

 -15-

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the percentage
relationship which certain items in the Company's statement of operations bear
to revenues, and the percentage increase or decrease in the dollar amount of
such items. The following data should be read in conjunction with the
Consolidated Financial Statements and the associated Notes contained elsewhere
in this document.

PERCENTAGE OF REVENUES PERIOD-TO-
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, PERIOD CHANGE
 ---------------------------- ---------------------
 2001 2000
 VS VS
 2001 2000 1999 2000 1999
 ---- ----- ---- ----- ----
 
Revenues....................................... 100.0 100.0 100.0 35.2 26.1 
Cost of revenues............................... 71.9 76.1 78.1 27.7 22.8
Gross profit................................... 28.1 23.9 21.9 58.7 37.8
General & administrative expenses.............. 14.6 16.7 20.9 18.3 1.0
Special and restructuring charges.............. - - 4.0 - (100.0)
Operating income............................... 13.4 7.2 (3.0) 153 404.9
Gain of sale of building and TPT business...... - - 20.4 - (100.0)
Interest expense............................... 0.8 1.9 2.9 (40.5) (20.1)
Interest income................................ 0.1 0.2 0.2 (8.8) 18.9
Other income (expense), net.................... 0.1 - - (1,519.4) (52.3)
Income before income taxes, discontinued
 operations and cumulative effect of
 accounting change............................ 12.6 5.5 14.8 208.4 (52.8)
Income before discontinued operations and
 cumulative effect of accounting change ..... 7.9 3.4 8.0 208.6 (46.0)
Discontinued operations, net of tax............ - (6.4) 0.9 (100) (958.1)
Cumulative effect of accounting change,
 net of tax................................ - - 3.2 - 100.0
Net income..................................... 7.9 (3.0) 5.7 455.1 (165.7)
EBITDA......................................... 19.5 14.2 9.2 455.1 (165.7)

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

 Demand for the Company's products and services depends primarily on
activity in the oil and gas exploration and production industry in the Gulf of
Mexico, Texas, Louisiana, upper Gulf Coast, and in selected international
markets. This activity can be significantly affected by the level of industry
capital expenditures for the exploration and production of oil and gas reserves,
and the plugging and decommissioning of abandoned oil and gas properties. These
expenditures are influenced strongly by oil company expectations about the
supply and demand for crude oil and natural gas products and by the energy price
environment that results from supply and demand imbalances. Throughout the first
part of 2001, increased spending by large oil and gas companies contributed to
higher levels of worldwide drilling activity, especially gas drilling in the
United States. General business conditions in the United States began to decline
during the second quarter. The events of September 11 accelerated the economic
slowdown which in turn adversely impacted the energy industry, particularly in
the United States. Reduced demand for aviation fuel, weakened demand for
industrial and residential natural gas and increasing natural gas storage levels
together with one of the warmest winters on record resulted in significant
decreases in North American oil and natural gas drilling.

 -16-

The Company anticipates oil and gas drilling activity in the U.S. will
continue to languish into the second quarter of 2002 due to the slow global
economy and an unseasonably warm winter contributing to reduced demand for
natural gas. The Company then expects activity to begin recovering in the second
half of the year. Over the longer-term, the Company believes that with the
current trends of:
 - deeper gas drilling with more complex completions,
 - faster reservoir depletion,
 - stricter enforcement of environmental and abandonment regulations,
 - advancing age of offshore platforms, and
 - increasing future demand for natural gas,
there will continue to be growth opportunities for the Company's products and
services.

 The Gulf of Mexico and international oil and gas rig counts are leading
indicators of the fluids business. Natural gas prices and gas drilling in North
and South America are key indicators for the production testing business. 2001
began with 161 rigs running in the Gulf of Mexico, increasing to a high of 176
in February, and closing the year at 119; while the international rig count
started the year at 705 rigs and increased to 752 by December 31, 2001. U.S.
drilling activity during the first half of 2001, particularly for gas, was very
strong, posting significant increases over the same period in 2000. U.S. gas
drilling increased 44 during this period, while gas prices improved 30 .
However, in the latter stages of 2001, activity declined as the impact of a
slowing economy took hold. Natural gas prices fell from a 10.00/MCF high at the
beginning of 2001 to approximately 2.00/MCF at year end. Likewise, the U.S.
natural gas rig count started the year at 862 rigs, peaked at 1,068 in mid-year,
and closed the year at 748 rigs.

 The Fluids Division manufactures and distributes completion fluids and
provides filtration and associated engineering services to exploration and
production companies worldwide. The Division's products and services are
consumed in the completion of a successful well or the workover of a currently
producing well and can also be used under certain drilling conditions. The
Company is vertically integrated into the production of its calcium chloride and
brominated completion fluids, making it a relatively low-cost supplier of a
number of these products. The Division's major markets include inland water and
offshore Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea, Mexico, South America and offshore West
Africa. Strong natural gas and crude oil drilling activity during the first half
of 2001 contributed to increased demand for the products and services of the
Division, resulting in increased product volume, asset utilization and allowing
the Company to provide its products and services at improved prices over 2000.
As demand tailed off toward the end of 2001, volumes decreased, but pricing
remained relatively constant thereby bolstering the profit margin percentage.

 The outlook for world oil and gas demand is highly uncertain due to the
slowdown in the global economy as well as the U.S. economy. The Company expects
that recent declines in U.S. rig counts combined with the economic uncertainties
in the U.S. will result in a short-term decline in revenues and operating
profits in this Division. The Company believes that its current market position
as a major supplier of fluids, combined with the price increases implemented
during 2001, should provide some offset to the anticipated reduced operating
activity. Expectations are that industry demand will return in the second half
of 2002, providing increasing demand for the Company's products and services.

 The Testing & Services Division's principal operations include flow-back
pressure, volume testing and separation of impurities in gas wells. The markets
primarily served are Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, offshore Gulf of
Mexico, Mexico and Venezuela. While testing is performed periodically during a
well's life, the most extensive use of the Company's equipment and services is
immediately following completion of a well. In an effort to minimize the market
cyclicality, the Company has initiated a strategy to place a portion of its
asset fleet under favorable working arrangements with major domestic oil and gas
operators and to diversify into international markets. It has also expanded its
offshore Gulf of Mexico operations with the acquisition of Production Well
Testers, Inc. in September, 2001. The Company benefited from this strategy in
2001 in that revenues remained strong throughout the year, despite the drop in
rigs.

 -17-

Natural gas prices have risen to the mid 3.00 per MMBTU level as of
late March, 2002. The stabilization of the price at this level, or higher
levels, will lead to increased drilling activity depending upon gas supply
and demand and storage considerations. The Company expects the current dip in
demand to unfavorably impact its business but believes the above mentioned
strategies should partially mitigate that impact. In addition, the business
climate created by the current market conditions, generally provides
increased acquisition opportunities for the Company, allowing the Company to
further consolidate its market position while increasing its revenue base.

 The Well Abandonment & Decommissioning Division is in the business of
well plug and abandonment, platform decommissioning and removal, pipeline
abandonment and site clearance for oil and gas companies. Their services are
marketed primarily in the Gulf Coast region of the U.S. including onshore,
inland waters and offshore. The Division also includes Maritech Resources,
Inc. (Maritech), a company formed in 1999 to own, manage and exploit the
producing oil and gas properties acquired in conjunction with its well
abandonment business. The Division's strategy is to provide the oil and gas
companies with alternative ways of managing their well abandonment
obligations, while effectively base-loading well abandonment and
decommissioning work for the Division. The Division structures creative
alternatives to relieve the E&P companies of the burden of managing these
obligations and the end-of-life properties that are associated with them.
This may include purchasing an ownership interest of the mature production
wells in exchange for assuming various well abandonment obligations
associated with such properties. In some transactions, cash may be received
by the Company to balance the economics.

 The Company's decommissioning liability is recorded at the fair value cost
to dismantle, relocate and dispose of the Company's offshore production
platforms, gathering systems, wells and related equipment. Costs are based on
prevailing market conditions. Oil and gas producing assets are recorded at the
future estimated decommissioning costs less any considerations received. These
costs are included in the full cost pool and are depleted on a unit of
production basis upon the depletion of the oil and gas producing assets.

 Maritech seeks to purchase producing natural gas and oil properties that
are generally in the later stages of their economic life. Assumption of
future abandonment liability is a significant consideration with respect to
the offshore producing properties purchased to date. Although higher natural
gas prices tend to reduce the number of mature properties available to be
acquired by Maritech, these higher prices typically contribute to improved
operating results for Maritech, which was generally the case in the first
half of 2001. In contrast, lower natural gas prices typically contribute to
lower operating results for Maritech and a general increase in the number of
mature properties available for abandonment. The services provided consist of
platform decommissioning, removal and abandonment and well plugging and
abandonment. Platform decommissioning and well abandonment operations are
driven by regulations, which offers a partial hedge against fluctuations in
the commodity price of natural gas. In particular, MMS regulations require
removal of platforms and remediation of the seabed at the well site to its
original state within twelve months after lease expiration. Other factors
influencing this business include seasonal weather patterns, which typically
result in weaker first quarter operations, tighter environmental statutes and
stricter enforcement of abandonment regulations by regulatory agencies. The
Company contracts and manages, on a day-rate or turnkey basis, all aspects of
the decommissioning and abandonment of fields of all sizes.

 As a result of the improving acquisition environment in the latter half
of 2001, Maritech purchased in December producing properties from Pogo
Producing Company in exchange for assuming related well abandonment and
decommissioning liabilities. In September 2001 Maritech purchased several
offshore properties from Seneca Resources Corporation and Range Energy
Ventures Corporation. Although the properties received had no future economic
value at the time of conveyance and therefore were not recorded on the
Company's balance sheet, Maritech assumed all the well abandonment and
decommissioning liabilities associated with the transferred properties. The
agreement stipulates that Maritech will be paid on a turnkey basis by the
sellers for the future well abandonment and decommissioning work performed,
as the work is performed. The Company estimates this contract will generate
approximately 24.3 million in revenues to the Company in future years, while
relieving the sellers of the burden of managing these end-of-life properties.

 -18-

2001 COMPARED TO 2000

 REVENUES - Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2001 were 303.4
million, up 78.9 million or 35.2 from the prior year of 224.5 million. All
divisions of the Company experienced significant growth during the year. The
Fluids Division reported revenues of 141.3 million, an increase of 22.5
million or 19 over the prior year. This Division benefited from improved
overall year-to-year oil and gas completion and workover activity in the Gulf
of Mexico, improved pricing, and a tightening fluids supply market. In
addition, the international fluids business increased by 48 with improved
activity coming from the U.K. markets. The Well Abandonment & Decommissioning
Division experienced significant growth in 2001 with reported revenues of
 98.5 million, up 38.1 million or 63 . With the addition of significant
amounts of capital equipment in the past two years combined with significant
improvements in equipment utilization, the Division reported record revenues
in 2001. Inland water and offshore activity increased 57 with improved
utilization and rates. Revenues from the decommissioning business have
increased substantially with the addition of heavy lift equipment to the
Division's product offerings. The land plug and abandonment and wireline
business also realized significant year-over-year growth through improved
utilization and rates. In addition, revenues of the Division's exploitation
company, Maritech Resources, Inc., have grown as a result of oil and gas
production purchased or developed in conjunction with our expanding well
abandonment and decommissioning business and higher natural gas prices in the
first half of the year. Revenues of the Testing & Services Division were
 65.7 million, an increase of 19.3 million or 42 . Revenue increases in this
Division are the result of improved market conditions driven by strong
natural gas drilling, additional equipment employed and improved pricing.
Domestic production testing revenues were up 120 with a full year's
utilization of the assets acquired in the 2000 swap with Key Energy and
improved pricing. In addition, international revenues, principally from
Mexico, also increased.

 GROSS PROFIT - Gross profit for the year was 85.2 million compared to
 53.7 million in the prior year, an increase of 31.5 million or 59 . The
increase is due to the 78.9 million increase in revenues for the year combined
with a 420 basis point improvement in margin percentages to 28.1 . The Fluids
Division dollar margins improved 40 during the year, reflecting improved
pricing in domestic markets. The Division's gross profit percentage increased by
360 basis points to 25.2 . The Well Abandonment & Decommissioning Division
realized a 147 growth in dollar margins year-to-year while improving their
gross profit percentage by 820 basis points to 24.3 . These gains were the
result of improved equipment utilization in the onshore rigs, offshore rigless
packages, wireline units and inland water rigs. Higher day rates and improved
service mix to higher margin offshore work also significantly impacted margin
improvements. Gross profits from the Division's oil and gas exploitation
company, Maritech, comprise approximately 5 of the Company's total margin.
Maritech's dollar margins improved 165 while their gross profit percentage
increased by 1,700 basis points as a result of the spike in natural gas pricing
during the first half of the year. The Testing & Services Division dollar
margins increased by 38 with their margin percentage remaining approximately
flat at 39 . Improved gas drilling activity in the Gulf of Mexico stimulated
increased utilization and improved pricing. The Division also benefited from
having available for service those assets acquired in the 2000 asset swap with
Key Energy and, to a lesser extent, the assets acquired from Production Well
Testers in September, 2001.

 GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES - General and administrative
expenses were 44.4 million in 2001 compared to 37.6 million in 2000, an
increase of 6.8 million or 18.1 . G&A expense as a percentage of revenues
decreased from 16.7 in 2000 to 14.6 in 2001. Expenses in the Well
Abandonment & Decommissioning Division increased due to the added
infrastructure necessary to support the Division's growth. Expenses in the
domestic production testing operation also increased as a result of expansion
and acquisitions. Finally, the Company's record earnings performance during
the year resulted in increased expenditures under the Company's incentive
compensation program.

 INTEREST EXPENSE AND TAXES - Net interest expense for the year was 2.5
million compared to 4.2 million in the prior year. Reduced long-term debt
balances resulted in this decrease. The provision for income taxes was 14.4
million in 2001, an increase of 9.7 million as a result of improved earnings
during the year. The effective tax rate for the year was 37.6 , relatively
unchanged from 2000.

 NET INCOME - Net income for the year was 23.9 million compared to a net
loss of 6.7 million (which includes a 14.5 million loss on the disposal of
discontinued operations) in the prior year. Net income per diluted share was
 1.61 in 2001 on 14,837,000 average diluted shares outstanding compared to a
loss of 0.49 per share on 13,616,000 average diluted shares outstanding in
2000.

 -19-

2000 COMPARED TO 1999

 REVENUES - Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000 were 224.5
million compared to 178.1 million in 1999, an increase of 46.4 million or 26 .
Improved revenues reflected the overall improvement in the energy industry,
particularly the Gulf of Mexico markets. Fluid Division revenues improved 8 to
 118.9 million. Well Abandonment & Decommissioning revenues increased 67 to
 60.4 million due to significantly improved equipment utilization rates and
revenues generated from natural gas producing properties. Testing & Services
Division revenues increased 55 to 46.4 million due to increased production
testing activity in South Texas and Mexico and the addition of process services
operations in Norway.

 GROSS PROFIT - Gross profits for the year were 53.7 million compared to
 39 million in 1999, an increase of 14.7 million or 38 . Gross profit
percentage increased from 22 to 24 . Gross profits in both the Well Abandonment
& Decommissioning and Testing & Services Divisions improved significantly as a
result of substantial improvements in equipment utilization. Gross profit from
natural gas producing properties also contributed to the year-over-year
improvement.

 GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES - General and administrative expenses
were 37.6 million in 2000 compared to 37.2 million in 1999. G&A expenses as a
percentage of revenues decreased from 20.9 in 1999 to 16.7 in 2000. In March
1999, the Company recorded a 4.7 million special charge relating to the
impairment of various plant assets predominantly in the Fluids Division.

 During the fourth quarter of 1999, the Company initiated a strategic
restructuring program to refocus its efforts in the energy services business.
This program concentrated the Company's efforts on developing its oil and gas
services business and selling or consolidating non-core chemical operations. The
Company disposed of its micronutrients business, as well as several smaller
chemicals-related operations. Additionally, the Company has implemented plans to
exit certain product lines and businesses, which are not core to its new
strategic direction. The remaining chemicals business will consist of a
commodity products based operations, which significantly supports the energy
service markets. The Company also embarked on an aggressive program to
reorganize its overhead structure to reduce costs and improve operating
efficiencies in support of the energy services operations. As a result of this
change in strategy, the Company recorded a 2.3 million, pretax, restructuring
charge in the fourth quarter of 1999. The following table details the activity
in the restructuring during the twelve months ended December 31, 2000 (amounts
in thousands).

12/31/99 12/31/00
 LIABILITY CASH LIABILITY
 BALANCE PAYMENTS BALANCE
 --------- ---------- ---------
 
 Involuntary termination costs............. 1,170 877 293
 Contractual costs......................... 760 - 760
 Exit costs................................ 390 273 117
 --------- ---------- --------
 2,320 1,150 1,170
 ========= ========== ========

Involuntary termination costs consist of severance costs associated with
the termination of six management-level employees associated with the Company's
restructuring. Contractual costs include obligations triggered in two chemicals
product lines when the Company decided to exit these businesses. The remaining
exit costs are additional liabilities realized by exiting certain portions of
the specialty chemicals business. Of the total restructuring charge at December
31, 2000, approximately 0.9 million is associated with the Fluids Division, and
 0.3 million with corporate administrative activities. The majority of these
costs are expected to be paid within the next 12 months and will be funded using
cash flow from operations.

 INTEREST EXPENSE - Interest expense decreased during the period, compared
to the prior year, due to decreased long-term debt over the past twelve months.
Proceeds from the sales of a portion of the micronutrient business in 2000 and
the Process Technologies business in 1999 were used to reduce long-term debt.

 -20-

OTHER INCOME - In March 1999, the Company sold its corporate headquarters
building, realizing a gain of approximately 6.7 million. The Company
subsequently signed a ten-year lease agreement for space within the building.
During the second quarter of 1999, the Company sold its Process Technologies
business for a 29.6 million gain.

 NET INCOME - Income before discontinued operations and the cumulative
effect of accounting change was 7.7 million in 2000 and 14.3 million in 1999.
Net income per diluted share before discontinued operations and the cumulative
effect of accounting change was 0.57 in 2000 based on 13,616,000 average
diluted shares outstanding and 1.06 in 1999 based on 13,576,000 average diluted
shares outstanding.

 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS - In conjunction with the Company's strategic
restructuring program, the Company developed a plan in October 2000 to exit its
micronutrients business, which produces zinc and manganese products for the
agricultural markets. The plan provided for the sale of the stock of TETRA's
wholly owned Mexican subsidiary, Industrias Sulfamex, S.A. de C.V., a producer
and distributor of manganese sulfate, and all the manganese inventory held by
the Company's U.S. operations. It also provided for the sale of all inventories
and the sale or shutdown of the plant and equipment associated with its zinc
sulfate business. In December 2000, the Company sold all of its U.S. and foreign
manganese sulfate assets for 15.4 million in cash and wrote down its investment
in the remaining zinc sulfate micronutrients assets to their estimated net
realizable value.

 The Company has accounted for the micronutrients business as a discontinued
operation and has restated prior period financial statements accordingly. The
estimated loss on the disposal of the discontinued operations of 14.5 million
(net of income tax benefit of 5.4 million) represents the estimated loss on the
disposal of the assets of the micronutrients business and a provision of 0.2
million for anticipated losses during the disposition period from October 1,
2000 to September 30, 2001. Revenues from discontinued operations were 30.6
million in 2000 compared to 37.2 million in 1999. Net income from discontinued
operations was 0.01 million in 2000 and 1.7 million in 1999.

 In April 1998, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
issued Statement of Position 98-5, REPORTING THE COSTS OF START-UP ACTIVITIES
(SOP 98-5), which requires that costs related to start-up activities be expensed
as incurred. Prior to 1999, the Company capitalized those costs incurred in
connection with opening a new production facility. The Company adopted the
provisions of the SOP 98-5 in its financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 1999. The effect of adoption of SOP 98-5 was to record a charge for
the cumulative effect of an accounting change of 5.8 million 0.43 per share),
net of taxes of 3.9 million, to expense costs that had been previously
capitalized prior to 1999.

 Net loss for the year 2000 was 6.7 million (which includes a 14.5 million
loss on the disposal of discontinued operations) compared to income of 10.2
million in the prior year. Net loss per diluted share was 0.49 in 2000 on
13,616,000 average diluted shares outstanding and net income of 0.75 in 1999 on
13,576,000 average diluted shares outstanding.

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

 Over the past three years, the Company has funded its operating activities
from internally generated cash flow, even during periods of weak industry demand
as in 1999. During this three-year period, the Company generated approximately
 93 million of cash flow from operations which it used to fund the purchase of
approximately 57 million of capital equipment and 14 million in acquisitions.
Over the same period, total outstanding debt was reduced from 111.3 million at
December 31, 1998 to 41.9 million at December 31, 2001. This reduction of 69.4
million was funded through cash generated from operations and cash generated
from the restructuring of the Company and disposal of non-core assets. During
this period, working capital increased from 60.3 million in 1999 to 64.3
million in 2000 to 69.5 million in 2001.

 -21-

OPERATING ACTIVITIES - Net cash provided by operating activities was 58.1
million in 2001 compared to 22.6 million in 2000, an increase of 35.5 million.
A significant portion of this increase is due to the increased earnings reported
in 2001 and an increase in year-end accruals associated with salaries and
benefits, taxes and Well Abandonment & Decommissioning activities. Also
contributing to the improvement was the increase in depreciation and depletion
and the increase in deferred tax expense, both the results of added capital
investments over the past several years. Accounts receivables increased during
the year, reflecting the Company's revenue growth, although the increase was
less than that of 2000 due to a substantial improvement in revenues late in 2000
compared to the same period of 1999. Inventories increased in 2001, consuming
approximately 3.6 million, reflecting the weakening market conditions toward
the end of 2001 in the fluids business. By comparison, inventories were reduced
in 2000 due to an inventory reduction program implemented by the Company and
improved market demand. Finally, the Company generated approximately 8.0
million through the liquidation of working capital associated with its
discontinued micronutrients business.

 INVESTING ACTIVITIES - Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31,
2001 were 28.3 million. Approximately 4.5 million was invested in the Fluids
Division for the procurement of plant production equipment and filtration and
blending equipment. The Well Abandonment & Decommissioning Division invested
approximately 12.6 million of cash during the year to expand and upgrade its
fleet in support of its inland waters and offshore abandonment operations. The
Company also invested in additional equipment to enhance its decommissioning and
salvage business, which included significant refurbishment of its heavy lift
barge, the Southern Hercules. Approximately 10.6 million was invested in the
Testing & Services Division, a significant portion of which went to expand the
production testing equipment fleet. The Company also invested additional capital
in its process services operations to enhance its oily residual separation
business. The remaining funds were used to support general corporate activities.

 Major investing activities of the Company in 2001 included business
acquisitions totaling 7.6 million and the purchase of additional end-of-life
oil and gas properties.

 During the third quarter of 2001, the Company acquired the assets of
Production Well Testers, Inc. (PWT) for approximately 4.9 million in cash. PWT
provides production testing services to offshore Gulf of Mexico markets as well
as onshore Gulf Coast markets. The business has been integrated with TETRA's
Testing & Services Division as part of its production testing operations,
enhancing the Division's production testing presence in Louisiana and expanding
operations into the Mississippi and Alabama markets.

 The Company acquired the assets of Lee Chemical during the fourth
quarter of 2001 for approximately 2.7 million in cash. Lee is a producer and
distributor of liquid calcium chloride in the U.S. West Coast markets. Also
in the fourth quarter, the Company's Well Abandonment & Decommissioning
Division purchased oil and gas producing properties in exchange for the
assumption of approximately 4.5 million of decommissioning liabilities
related to the properties and other considerations. As part of that
transaction, the Company received approximately 1.7 million of cash to
satisfy other working interest owners' future well abandonment obligations.
This cash is reported as restricted cash on the Company's balance sheet. The
oil and gas producing assets were recorded at the future estimated costs to
abandon and decommission the properties.

 In the second quarter of 2000, the Company completed an asset exchange of
its trucking operations for certain assets of Key Energy Services. The assets
acquired included production testing equipment which complemented and expanded
the Company's existing testing fleet. The Company accounted for the exchange of
interest as a non-monetary transaction whereby the basis in the exchanged assets
became the new basis in the assets received. No gain or loss was recognized as a
result of the exchange.

 During the fourth quarter of 2000, the Company expanded its Well
Abandonment & Decommissioning capacity through the acquisition of the assets of
Cross Offshore Corporation, Ocean Salvage Corporation and Cross Marine LLC. The
Company paid approximately 6.2 million in cash plus additional future
consideration contingent upon future net earnings. The assets purchased
complement the Company's current well abandonment, platform decommissioning and
heavy lift operations in the Gulf Coast inland waters and offshore markets. This
transaction approximately doubled the offshore rigless well abandonment packages
and increased the number of inland water well abandonment packages the Company
can provide. It also gave the Company heavy lift capabilities with the
acquisition of the Southern Hercules, a 500 ton capacity heavy lift barge.

 -22-

Also in the fourth quarter of 2000, the Company purchased, in two separate
transactions, oil and gas producing properties in exchange for the assumption of
approximately 9.6 million in decommissioning liability. Oil and gas producing
assets were recorded at the future estimated decommissioning costs less cash
received of 1.3 million.

 FINANCING ACTIVITIES - To fund its capital and working capital
requirements, the Company uses cash flow as well as its general purpose,
secured, prime rate/LIBOR-based revolving line of credit with a bank syndicate
led by Bank of America. In December 2001, the Company amended its line of credit
to an 80 million line, that may be expanded to 110 million during the first
year, at the Company's discretion. This agreement matures in December 2004,
carries no amortization, and is secured by accounts receivable and inventories.
The agreement permits the Company to execute up to 20 million of capital leases
and 50 million of unsecured senior notes, and there are no limitations or
restrictions on operating leases or unsecured non-recourse financing. TETRA's
credit facility is subject to common financial ratio covenants. These include,
among others, a funded debt-to-EBITDA ratio, a fixed charge coverage ratio, a
tangible net worth minimum, an asset coverage ratio, and dollar limits on the
total amount of capital expenditures and acquisitions the Company may undertake
in any given year. The Company pays a commitment fee on unused portions of the
line and a LIBOR-based interest rate which decreases or increases as the
Company's funded debt-to-EBITDA ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
improves or deteriorates. The Company is not required to maintain compensating
balances. The covenants also included certain restrictions on the Company for
the sale of assets. As of December 31, 2001, the Company has 3.5 million in
letters of credit and 41.0 million in long-term debt outstanding against an 80
million line of credit, leaving a net availability of 35.5 million, expandable
to 65.5 million by December 2002. The Company believes this new credit facility
will meet its foreseeable capital and working capital requirements through
December 2004.

 In September 1997, the Company entered into two interest rate swap
agreements, each with a nominal amount of 20 million, which were effective
January 2, 1998 and expire on January 2, 2003. The interest rate swap agreements
provide for the Company to pay interest at a fixed rate of approximately 6.4 
(annual rate) every three months, beginning April 2, 1998 and requires the
issuer to pay the Company on a floating rate based on LIBOR. The swap
transactions can be canceled by the Company through payment of a cancellation
fee, which is based upon prevailing market conditions and remaining life of the
agreement. The estimated fair value of the swap transactions at December 31,
2001 was 1.3 million, net of taxes, below the carrying value.

 In November 2001, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had
authorized the repurchase of up to 10 million of its common stock. The Company
feels that its stock is significantly undervalued in relation to its peer group,
financial position and future growth prospects and, consequently, is a sound
investment of its capital dollars. During the year the Company repurchased
228,400 shares of its stock at a cost of 3.9 million. Finally, the Company
received 4.1 million during 2001 from the exercising of stock options by
employees.

 In addition to the aforementioned revolving credit facility, the Company
funds its short term liquidity requirements from cash generated by operations,
as well as from other traditional financing arrangements, such as leasing with
institutional leasing companies and vendor financing. The Company's debt is not
currently rated and the Company's ability to access its revolving credit line is
largely unaffected by fluctuations in its stock price. However, the Company must
comply with certain financial ratio covenants in the credit agreement.
Significant deterioration of these ratios could result in default under the
credit agreement and, if not remedied, could result in termination of the
agreement and acceleration of the outstanding balance under the facility. The
Company's ability to comply with these financial covenants centers largely upon
its ability to generate adequate earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization (EBITDA). Historically, the Company's financial performance and
EBITDA levels have been more than adequate to meet these covenants, and the
Company expects this trend to continue. Over the past three years, the Company's
EBITDA has increased from 16.4 million in 1999 to 31.9 million in 2000 and
 59.3 million in 2001, with the 1999 earnings reflecting a severe downturn in
the oil and gas industry. During that same period, the Company's debt decreased
from over 111 million to 41.9 million. The Company believes its principal
sources of liquidity, cash flow from operations, revolving credit facility and
traditional financing arrangements are adequate to meet its current and
anticipated capital and operating requirements through at least December 2004.

 -23-

The table below recaps the Company's contractual cash obligations as of
December 31, 2001:

PAYMENTS DUE
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 Thereafter
 ----- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ----------
 (In Thousands)
 
Long-term Debt 41,000 - - 41,000 - - -
Capital Lease Obligations 1,043 494 283 217 49 - -
Operating Leases 17,739 4,580 4,054 2,510 1,640 1,566 3,389
Decommissioning Liability (1) 14,269 4,638 1,216 2,443 4,908 1,064 -
 --------- --------- ------- ---------- ------- -------- ----------
Total Contractual Cash Obligations 74,051 9,712 5,553 46,170 6,597 2,630 3,389
 ========= ========= ======= ========== ======= ======== ==========

(1) Decommissioning liabilities must be satisfied within twelve months after an
 oil and gas property's lease has expired. Lease expiration occurs six
 months after the last producing well on the lease ceases production. The
 Company has estimated the timing of these payments based upon anticipated
 lease expiration dates, which are subject to many changing variables that
 can influence the ultimate timing of these cash flows.

 Other commercial commitments of the Company as of December 31, 2001 include
letters of credit of 3.5 million, of which 2.1 million will expire within one
year and 1.4 million within two years.

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

 In preparing the financial statements, the Company makes assumptions,
estimates and judgements that affect the amounts reported. The Company
periodically evaluates its estimates and judgements related to bad debts;
impairments of long-lived assets, including goodwill and decommissioning
liability. Note B to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains the
accounting policies governing each of these matters. The Company's estimates are
based on historical experience and on future expectations that are believed to
be reasonable; the combination of these factors forms the basis for making
judgements about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
readily apparent from other sources. Actual results are likely to differ from
the Company's current estimates and those differences may be material.

 Reserves for bad debts are determined on a specific identification basis
when the Company believes that the required payment of specific amounts owed to
it is not probable. A significant portion of the Company's revenues come from
oil and gas E&P companies. This activity can be significantly affected by the
level of industry capital expenditures for the exploration and production of oil
and gas reserves and the plugging and decommissioning of abandoned oil and gas
properties. These expenditures are influenced strongly by oil company
expectations about the supply and demand for crude oil and natural gas products
and by the energy price environment that results from supply and demand
imbalances. If, due to these circumstances, the customers are unable to repay
these receivables, additional allowance may be required.

 The determination of impairment on long-lived assets, including goodwill,
is conducted periodically when indicators of impairment are present. If such
indicators were present, the determination of the amount of impairment is based
on the Company's judgements as to the future operating cash flows to be
generated from these assets throughout their estimated useful lives. The oil and
gas industry is cyclical and the Company's estimates of the period over which
future cash flows will be generated, as well as the predictability of these cash
flows, can have significant impact on the carrying value of these assets and, in
periods of prolonged down cycles may result in impairment charges.

 The Company's decommissioning liability is recorded at the fair value cost
to dismantle, relocate and dispose of the Company's offshore production
platforms, gathering systems, wells and related equipment. In estimating the
decommissioning liabilities, the Company performs detailed estimating
procedures, analysis and engineering studies. These costs are included in the
full cost pool of the oil and gas properties acquired less any cash
considerations received, and are amortized on a unit-of-production basis upon
the depletion of the oil and gas producing assets. The Company performs
impairment tests on these full cost pool assets when indicators of impairment
are present. Additionally, the Company reviews the adequacy of its
decommissioning liability whenever indicators suggest that the estimated cash
flows underlying the liability have changed materially. The timing and amounts
of these cash flows are subject to changes in the energy industry environment
and may result in additional liabilities recorded, which in turn would increase
the Company's full cost pool.

 -24-

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

 The Company is subject to market risk exposure related to changes in
interest rates on the floating rate portion of its credit facility. These
instruments carry interest at an agreed-upon percentage rate spread above LIBOR.
At December 31, 2001, the Company had 41.0 million outstanding under its credit
facility, of which 40 million was subject to an interest rate swap and 1.0
million was subject to a floating rate based on LIBOR plus 1.25 . The interest
rate swap agreements provide the Company with a 6.4 fixed interest rate which
mitigates a portion of the Company's risk against increases in interest rates.
Based on this balance, an immediate change of one percent in the interest rate
would cause a change in interest expense of approximately 10,000 on an annual
basis. The Company has no financial instruments subject to foreign currency
fluctuation or commodity price risks at December 31, 2001.

 FASB Statement No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities," requires companies to record derivatives on the balance sheet as
assets and liabilities, measured at fair value. Gains or losses resulting from
changes in the values of those derivatives are accounted for depending on the
use of the derivative and whether it qualifies for hedge accounting. The Company
has adopted this accounting standard, as required, on January 1, 2001.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

 The financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries required to be
included in this Item 8 are set forth in Item 14 of this Report.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

 There is no disclosure required by Item 304 of Regulation S-K in this
report.

 -25-

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

 The information required by this Item as to the directors and executive
officers of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference from the information
appearing under the captions "Election of Directors", "Information about
Continuing Directors", "Executive Officers" and "Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the Company's definitive proxy statement
which involves the election of directors and is to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission ("Commission") pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 as amended (the "Exchange Act") within 120 days of the end of the
Company's fiscal year on December 31, 2001.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

 The information required by this Item as to the management of the Company
is hereby incorporated by reference from the information appearing under the
captions "Director Compensation" and "Executive Compensation" in the Company's
definitive proxy statement which involves the election of directors and is to be
filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within 120 days of the
end of the Company's fiscal year on December 31, 2001. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in accordance with the instructions to Item 402 of Regulation S-K,
the information contained in the Company's proxy statement under the sub-heading
"Management and Compensation Committee Report" and "Performance Graph" shall not
be deemed to be filed as part of or incorporated by reference into this Form
10-K.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.

 The information required by this Item as to the ownership by management and
others of securities of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference from the
information appearing under the caption "Beneficial Stock Ownership of Certain
Stockholders and Management" in the Company's definitive proxy statement which
involves the election of directors and is to be filed with the Commission
pursuant to the Exchange Act within 120 days of the end of the Company's fiscal
year on December 31, 2001.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

 The information required by this Item as to certain business relationships
and transactions with management and other related parties of the company is
hereby incorporated by reference to such information appearing under the caption
"Management and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" in
the Company's definitive proxy statement which involves the election of
directors and is to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act
within 120 days of the end of the Company's fiscal year on December 31, 2001.

 -26-

PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

 (a) List of documents filed as part of this Report

 1. Financial Statements of the Company

PAGE
 ----
 
 Report of Independent Auditors F-1

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2001 and 2000 F-2

 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years F-4
 ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the
 years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 F-5

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years
 ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 F-6

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7

2. Financial Statement Schedule

SCHEDULE DESCRIPTION PAGE
 -------- ----------- ----
 
 II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts S-1

All other schedules are omitted as they are not required, or are
 not applicable, or the required information is included in the
 financial statements or notes thereto.

 -27-

3. List of Exhibits

 3.1 (i)Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as an exhibit
 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1
 (33-33586) and incorporated herein by reference).
 3.1 (ii)Certificate of Designation of Series One Junior
 Participating Preferred Stock of the Company dated October
 27, 1998 (filed as an exhibit to the Company's
 Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on October 27,
 1998 (the "1998 Form 8-A") and incorporated herein by
 reference).
 3.2 Bylaws, as amended (filed as an exhibit to the Company's
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 (33-33586) and
 incorporated herein by reference).
 4.1 Rights Agreement dated as of October 26, 1998 between the
 Company and Computershare Investor Services LLC (as
 successor in interest to Harris Trust & Savings Bank), as
 Rights Agent (filed as an exhibit to the 1998 Form 8-A and
 incorporated herein by reference).
 10.1 Long-term Supply Agreement with Bromine Compounds Ltd.
 (filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 1996 and incorporated herein by
 reference; certain portions of this exhibit have been
 omitted pursuant to a confidential treatment request filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission).
 10.2 Agreement dated November 28, 1994 between Olin Corporation
 and TETRA-Chlor, Inc. (filed as an exhibit to the
 Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994
 and incorporated herein by reference; certain portions of
 this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a confidential
 treatment request filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission).
 10.3 Sales Agreement with Albemarle Corporation (filed as an
 exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the three months
 ended June 30, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference;
 certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted
 pursuant to a confidential treatment request filed with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission).
 10.4 1990 Stock Option Plan, as amended through January 5, 2001
 (filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 2000 and incorporated herein by
 reference).
 10.5 Director Stock Option Plan (filed as an exhibit to the
 Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000
 and incorporated herein by reference).
 10.6 1998 Director Stock Option Plan (filed as an exhibit to
 the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2000 and incorporated herein by reference).
 10.7 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December
 14, 2001 with Bank of America, N.A.
 10.8 Letter of Agreement with Gary C. Hanna, dated March, 2002
 21 Subsidiaries of the Company
 23 Consent of Ernst & Young, LLP

- ----------
 Filed with this report

(b) Form 8-K: None.

 -28-

SIGNATURES

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, TETRA Technologies, Inc. has duly caused this report to be
signed in its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

 TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Date: March 26, 2002 BY: /s/ Geoffrey M. Hertel
 ------------------------------------------
 Geoffrey M. Hertel, President & CEO

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

 SIGNATURE TITLE DATE
 --------- ----- -----

/s/J. Taft Symonds Chairman of March 26, 2002
- ------------------------- the Board of Directors
J. Taft Symonds

/s/Geoffrey M. Hertel President and Director March 26, 2002
- ------------------------- (Chief Executive Officer)
Geoffrey M. Hertel

/s/Joseph M. Abell Senior Vice President March 26, 2002
- ------------------------- (Chief Financial Officer)
Joseph M. Abell

/s/Bruce A. Cobb Vice President, Finance March 26, 2002
- ------------------------- (Principal Accounting Officer)
Bruce A. Cobb

/s/Hoyt Ammidon, Jr. Director March 26, 2002
- -------------------------
Hoyt Ammidon, Jr.

/s/Paul D. Coombs Director March 26, 2002
- ------------------------- (Chief Operating Officer)
Paul D. Coombs

/s/Ralph S. Cunningham Director March 26, 2002
- -------------------------
Ralph S. Cunningham

/s/Tom H. Delimitros Director March 26, 2002
- -------------------------
Tom H. Delimitros

/s/Allen T. Mcinnes Director March 26, 2002
- -------------------------
Allen T. McInnes

/s/Kenneth P. Mitchell Director March 26, 2002
- -------------------------
Kenneth P. Mitchell

 -29-

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

Board of Directors and Stockholders
TETRA Technologies, Inc.

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TETRA
Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2001. Our
audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at
Item 14(a). These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of
the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and schedule based on our audits.

 We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of TETRA
Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries at December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the
consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2001, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. Also, in our opinion, the
related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic
financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects
the information set forth therein.

 ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Houston, Texas
February 20, 2002

 F-1

TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
 (IN THOUSANDS)

DECEMBER 31,
 --------------------------------
 2001 2000
 --------------- ------------
 
ASSETS
Current Assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents 13,115 6,594
 Restricted cash 1,726 -
 Trade accounts receivable, net of allowances for doubtful
 accounts of 1,768 in 2001 and 930 in 2000 72,688 63,730
 Inventories 37,969 34,141
 Deferred tax assets 5,846 9,828
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 5,003 3,791
 --------------- ------------
 Total current assets 136,347 118,084

Property, Plants and Equipment:
 Land and building 12,361 9,924
 Machinery and equipment 142,731 120,029
 Automobiles and trucks 10,659 7,924
 Chemical plants 36,120 36,223
 O&G producing assets 14,399 7,475
 Construction in progress 11,036 10,410
 --------------- ------------
 227,306 191,985
Less accumulated depreciation and depletion (80,333) (66,480)
 --------------- ------------
 Net property, plant and equipment 146,973 125,505

Other Assets:
 Cost in excess of net assets acquired, net of accumulated
 amortization of 3,540 in 2001 and 2,967 in 2000 19,613 20,189
 Other, net of accumulated amortization of 4,221 in 2001
 and 3,762 in 2000 5,238 5,406
 Net assets of discontinued operations 1,638 9,756
 --------------- ------------
 Total other assets 26,489 35,351
 --------------- ------------
 309,809 278,940
 =============== ============

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 F-2

TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

DECEMBER 31,
 -----------------------------------
 2001 2000
 ---- ----
 
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current Liabilities:
 Trade accounts payable 35,937 28,082
 Accrued expenses 30,526 18,754
 Current portions of all long-term debt and capital lease
 obligations 428 6,955
 -------------- ---------------
 Total current liabilities 66,891 53,791

Long-Term debt, less current portion 41,000 50,166
Capital Lease Obligations, less current portion 473 444
Deferred Income Taxes 22,732 20,966
Decommissioning liabilities 9,631 7,899
Other liabilities 1,432 1,920

Commitments and Contingencies

Stockholders' Equity:
 Common stock, par value 0.01 per share
 40,000,000 shares authorized, with 13,912,722 shares issued
 and outstanding in 2001 and 13,719,607 shares issued and
 outstanding in 2000 142 138
 Additional paid-in capital 84,912 79,587
 Treasury stock, at cost, 322,400 shares in 2001 and
 94,000 shares in 2000 (4,986) (1,107)
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (2,328) (901)
 Retained earnings 89,910 66,037
 -------------- ---------------
 Total stockholders' equity 167,650 143,754
 -------------- ---------------
 309,809 278,940
 ============== ===============

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 F-3

TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
 -----------------------------------------------
 2001 2000 1999
 ------------- ------------- -------------
 
Revenues:
 Product sales 149,736 120,321 103,790
 Services 153,702 104,184 74,272
 ------------- ------------- -------------
 Total revenues 303,438 224,505 178,062
Cost of revenues:
 Cost of product sales 103,107 95,216 86,211
 Cost of services 115,097 75,596 52,885
 ------------- ------------- -------------
 Total cost of revenues 218,204 170,812 139,096
 ------------- ------------- -------------
 Gross profit 85,234 53,693 38,966

General and administrative expense 44,436 37,569 37,190
Special charge - - 4,745
Restructuring charge - - 2,320
 ------------- ------------- -------------
 Operating income 40,798 16,124 (5,289)

Gain on sale of administration building - - 6,731
Gain on sale of business - - 29,629
Interest expense (2,491) (4,187) (5,238)
Interest income 402 441 371
Other income (expense) (440) 31 65
 ------------- ------------- -------------
Income before taxes, discontinued operations and cumulative effect
 of accounting change 38,269 12,409 26,269
Provision for income taxes 14,396 4,672 11,940
 ------------- ------------- -------------
Income before discontinued operations and cumulative effect
 of accounting change 23,873 7,737 14,329

Discontinued operations:
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax benefits of -
 7 in 2000 and 2,066 in 1999 10 1,685
 Estimated loss on disposal of discontinued operations, net of
 tax benefits of 5,374 in 2000 - (14,469) -
 ------------- ------------- -------------
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations - (14,459) 1,685
 ------------- ------------- -------------
 Income (loss) before cumulative effect of accounting change 23,873 (6,722) 16,014

 Cumulative effect of accounting change, net of tax benefit - - (5,782)
 ------------- ------------- -------------
 Net income (loss) 23,873 (6,722) 10,232
 ============= ============= =============
Net income per share before discontinued operations and
 cumulative effect of accounting change 1.71 0.57 1.06
 Income (loss) per share from discontinued operations - - 0.12
 Estimated loss per share on disposal of discontinued operations - (1.06) -
 Cumulative effect per share of accounting change - - (0.43)
 ------------- ------------- -------------
Net income (loss) per share 1.71 (0.49) 0.76
 ============= ============= =============
Average shares 13,995 13,616 13,524
 ============= ============= =============
Net income per diluted share before discontinued operations and
 cumulative effect of accounting change 1.61 0.57 1.06
 Income (loss) per share from discontinued operations - - 0.12
 Estimated loss per share on disposal of discontinued operations - (1.06) -
 Cumulative effect per share of accounting change - - (0.43)
 ------------- ------------- -------------
Net income (loss) per diluted share 1.61 (0.49) 0.75
 ============= ============= =============
Average diluted shares 14,837 13,616 13,576
 ============= ============= =============

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 F-4

TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
 (IN THOUSANDS)

ACCUMULATED
 ADDITIONAL OTHER TOTAL
 COMMON PAID-IN TREASURY RETAINED COMPREHENSIVE STOCKHOLDERS'
 STOCK CAPITAL STOCK EARNINGS INCOME EQUITY
 -------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------------- ---------------
 
Balance at December 31, 1998 136 77,923 (1,168) 62,527 (96) 139,322

Net income for 1999 10,232 10,232

Translation adjustment (259) (259)
 --------------
 Comprehensive Income 9,973

Exercise of common stock options 65 65

Issuance of treasury stock 61 61
 -------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------------- ---------------
Balance at December 31, 1999 136 77,988 (1,107) 72,759 (355) 149,421

Net income for 2000 (6,722) (6,722)

Translation adjustment (546) (546)
 ---------------
 Comprehensive income (7,268)

Exercise of common stock options 2 1,599 1,601
 -------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------------- ---------------

Balance at December 31, 2000 138 79,587 (1,107) 66,037 (901) 143,754

Net income for 2001 23,873 23,873

Translation adjustment (157) (157)
Cumulative change in the fair market
 value of derivatives (1,270) (1,270)
 --------------
 Comprehensive income (1,427)

Exercise of common stock options 4 4,098 4,102

Purchase of treasury stock (3,879) (3,879)

Tax benefit upon exercise of certain
 non-qualified and incentive options 1,227 1,227
 -------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------------- ---------------

Balance at December 31, 2001 142 84,912 (4,986) 89,910 (2,328) 167,650
 ======== ========== ========== ========== ================ ===============

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 F-5

TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
 (IN THOUSANDS)

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
 ----------------------------------------------
 2001 2000 1999
 ---------- ---------------- --------------
 
Operating activities:
 Net income (loss) 23,873 (6,722) 10,232
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
 operating activities :
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 18,565 15,265 14,205
 Provision for deferred income taxes 6,511 1,679 6,312
 Provision for doubtful accounts 1,187 655 1,366
 Amortization of gain on leaseback (312) (202) -
 Loss from the disposal of discontinued operation, net of tax - 14,469 -
 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment (159) (29) (9)
 Restructuring charge - - 2,320
 Special charges - - 4,745
 Gain on the sale of business - - (29,629)
 Gain on the sale of the administration building - - (6,731)
 Cumulative effect of accounting change, net of tax - - 5,782
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of assets acquired:
 Trade accounts receivable (9,878) (18,514) 748
 Costs and estimated earnings in excess of
 billings on incomplete contracts - - (986)
 Inventories (3,628) 10,473 2,895
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets (1,479) (344) (271)
 Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses 14,967 3,686 1,695
 Discontinued operations - noncash charges
 and working capital changes 7,987 2,231 (1,309)
 Other 464 - 483
 ---------- ---------------- --------------
 Net cash provided by operating activities 58,098 22,647 11,848
 ---------- ---------------- --------------

 Investing Activities:
 Purchases of property, plant and equipment (28,340) (15,992) (12,407)
 Business combinations, net of cash acquired (7,630) (6,587) -
 Proceeds from sale of business - 15,414 38,825
 Change in restricted cash (1,726) 2,000 (2,000)
 Decrease (increase) in other assets 144 1,261 (723)
 Investing activities of discontinued operations - (222) (10,836)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plants and equipment 1,416 511 10,662
 ---------- ---------------- --------------
 Net cash (used) provided by investing activities (36,136) (3,615) 23,521
 ---------- ---------------- --------------

 Financing activities:
 Proceeds from long-term debt and capital lease obligations 15,592 39,233 25,615
 Proceeds from leaseback sale - 1,074 -
 Principal payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations (31,256) (58,432) (59,670)
 Repurchase of common stock (3,879) - 61
 Proceeds from sale of common stock and exercised stock options 4,102 1,599 65
 ---------- ---------------- --------------
 Net cash provided by financing activities (15,441) (16,526) (33,929)
 ---------- ---------------- --------------
 Increase in cash and cash equivalents 6,521 2,506 1,440
 Cash & cash equivalents at beginning of period 6,594 4,088 2,648
 ---------- ---------------- --------------
 Cash & cash equivalents at end of period 13,115 6,594 4,088
 ========== ================ ==============

Supplemental cash flow information:
 Capital lease obligations incurred 591 233 1,179
 Capital lease obligations paid 555 1,397 1,465
 Interest paid 3,161 7,163 8,358
 Taxes paid 5,631 1,389 2,600

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 F-6

TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2001

NOTE A -- ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS OF THE COMPANY

 TETRA Technologies, Inc. ("TETRA" or "the Company") is an oil and gas
services company with an integrated calcium chloride and brominated products
manufacturing operation that supplies feedstocks to energy markets, as well as
other markets. The Company is comprised of three divisions - Fluids, Well
Abandonment & Decommissioning and Testing & Services.

 The Company's Fluids Division manufactures and markets clear brine fluids
to the oil and gas industry for use in well drilling, completion and workover
operations in both domestic and international markets. The Division also markets
the fluids and dry calcium chloride manufactured at its production facilities to
a variety of markets outside the energy industry.

 The Well Abandonment & Decommissioning Division provides a comprehensive
range of services required for the abandonment of depleted oil and gas wells,
and the decommissioning of platforms, pipelines and other associated equipment.
The Division services the onshore, inland waters and offshore markets of the
Gulf of Mexico. The Division is also an oil and gas producer from wells acquired
in connection with its well abandonment and decommissioning business.

 The Company's Testing & Services Division provides production testing
services to the Texas, Louisiana, offshore Gulf of Mexico and Latin American
markets. It also provides the technology and services required for separation
and recycling of oily residuals generated from petroleum refining and
exploration and production operations.

 TETRA Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 1981. All
references to the Company or TETRA include TETRA Technologies, Inc. and its
subsidiaries. The Company's corporate headquarters are located at 25025
Interstate 45 North in The Woodlands, Texas. Its phone number is (281) 367-1983,
and its website may be accessed at www.tetratec.com.

 F-7

NOTE B -- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

CASH EQUIVALENTS

 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of
three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.

INVENTORIES

 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market value and consist
primarily of finished goods. Cost is determined using the weighted average
method.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

 The fair value of the Company's financial instruments, which include cash,
accounts receivables, short-term borrowings and long-term debt, approximates
their carrying amounts. Financial instruments that subject the Company to
concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables with
companies in the energy industry. The Company's policy is to evaluate, prior to
shipment, each customer's financial condition and determine the amount of open
credit to be extended. The Company generally requires appropriate, additional
collateral as security for credit amounts in excess of approved limits. The
Company's customers consist primarily of major, well-established oil and gas
producers and independents.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

 Property, plant, and equipment are stated at the cost of assets acquired.
Expenditures that increase the useful lives of assets are capitalized. The cost
of repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred. For financial
reporting purposes, the Company provides for depreciation using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of assets which are as
follows:

 Buildings 25 years
 Machinery and equipment 3 - 5 and 10 years
 Automobiles and trucks 4 years
 Chemical plants 15 years

 Certain production equipment and properties are depreciated and depleted
based on operating hours or units of production, subject to a minimum amount,
because depreciation and depletion occur primarily through use rather than
through elapsed time. Depreciation and depletion expense for the years ended
December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 was 17.5 million, 13.5 million and 13.1
million, respectively.

 For income tax purposes, the Company provides for depreciation using
accelerated methods. Interest capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2001,
2000 and 1999 was 0.5 million, 0.3 million and 0.07 million, respectively.

 F-8

The Company's Maritech Resources, Inc. subsidiary has interests in oil and
gas properties that are located offshore in the Gulf of Mexico or in inland
waters adjacent thereto. The Company follows the full cost method of accounting
for its investment in natural gas and oil properties. Under the full cost
method, all the costs associated with acquiring, developing and producing the
Company's oil and gas properties are capitalized. Maritech's offshore property
purchases are recorded at the value exchanged at closing combined with an
estimate of its proportionate share of the decommissioning liability assumed in
the purchase, based upon its working interest ownership percentage. In
estimating the decommissioning liabilities associated with these offshore
property acquisitions, the Company performs detailed estimating procedures,
analysis and engineering studies. All capitalized costs are depleted on a
unit-of-production basis based on the estimated remaining equivalent proved oil
and gas reserves. Oil and gas producing assets were depleted at an average rate
of 1.27 per MCF and 1.60 per MCF for the years ended December 31, 2001 and
2000, respectively. Properties are periodically assessed for impairment in
value, with any impairment charged to expense.

DECOMMISSIONING LIABILITY

 The decommissioning liability recorded is the fair value cost to dismantle,
relocate and dispose of the Company's offshore production platforms, gathering
systems, wells and related equipment. These costs are used to value the full
cost pool of the oil and gas properties and are depleted on a unit of production
basis upon the depletion of the oil and gas producing assets. The Company
utilizes the services of its Well Abandonment & Decommissioning group, when
possible, to perform the work to satisfy these liabilities. In connection with
2000 and 2001 offshore property additions, the Company assumed net abandonment
liabilities estimated at approximately 9.6 million and 4.5 million,
respectively.

ADVERTISING

 The Company expenses costs of advertising as incurred. Advertising expense
for continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
was 1.3 million, 3.0 million and 3.1 million, respectively.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS

 Patents and licenses are stated on the basis of cost and are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives, generally ranging from 14
to 20 years.

 Goodwill is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated life of
20 - 40 years. On an annual basis, the Company estimates the future estimated
discounted cash flows of the business to which goodwill relates in order to
determine that the carrying value of the goodwill had not been impaired.

LONG-LIVED ASSETS

 Impairment losses are recognized when indicators of impairment are present
and the estimated undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the
asset's carrying cost. Assets held for disposal are recorded at the lower of
carrying value or estimated fair value less costs to sell.

INCOME TAXES

 The Company computes income tax expense using the liability method. Under
this method, deferred tax liabilities or assets are determined based on
differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
and are then measured using tax rates and laws that are in effect at year end.

ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITIES

 Environmental expenditures which result in additions to property and
equipment are capitalized, while other environmental expenditures are expensed.
Environmental remediation liabilities are recorded on an undiscounted basis when
environmental assessments or cleanups are probable and the costs can be
reasonably estimated. These costs are adjusted as further information develops
or circumstances change.

 F-9

STOCK COMPENSATION

 The Company accounts for stock-based compensation using the intrinsic value
method. Compensation cost for stock options is measured as the excess, if any,
of the quoted market price of the Company's stock at the date of the grant over
the amount an employee must pay to acquire the stock. Note L to the Consolidated
Financial Statements contains a summary of the pro forma effects to reported net
income and earnings per share as if the Company had elected to recognize the
compensation cost based on the fair value of the options granted at the grant
date.

INCOME PER COMMON SHARE

 Basic earnings per share excludes any dilutive effects of options. Diluted
earnings per share includes the dilutive effect of stock options, which is
computed using the treasury stock method during the periods such options were
outstanding. A reconciliation of the common shares used in the computations of
income per common and common equivalent shares is presented in Note O to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

 The U.S. dollar is the designated functional currency for all of the
Company's foreign operations, except for those in the United Kingdom, Norway and
Brazil where the British Pound, the Norwegian Kroner and the Brazilian Real,
respectively, are the functional currency. The cumulative translation effects of
translating balance sheet accounts from the functional currencies into the U.S.
dollar at current exchange rates are included as a separate component of
shareholders' equity.

USE OF ESTIMATES

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclose contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

RECLASSIFICATIONS

 Certain previously reported financial information has been reclassified to
conform to the current year's presentation.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

 Revenues are recognized when finished products are shipped to unaffiliated
customers or services have been rendered with appropriate provisions for
uncollectable accounts. The Company recognizes oil and gas revenue from its
interests in producing wells as oil and natural gas is produced and sold from
those wells. Oil and natural gas sold is not significantly different from the
Company's share of production.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

 The Company manages its exposure to variable interest rate financing
arrangements by entering into interest rate contracts, which provide for the
Company to pay a fixed rate of interest and receive a variable rate of interest
over the term of the contracts. The differential to be paid or received as a
result of the changes in the prevailing interest rates are accrued and
recognized as adjustments of interest expense related to the debt. The net
amount receivable or payable under the interest rate contracts are included in
other assets or liabilities.

 F-10

START-UP COSTS

 In April 1998, the American Institute of Certified Public Accounts issued
Statement of Position 98-5, REPORTING THE COSTS OF START-UP ACTIVITIES ("SOP
98-5"), which requires that costs related to start-up activities be expensed as
incurred. Prior to 1999, the Company capitalized those costs incurred in
connection with opening a new production facility. The Company adopted the
provisions of the SOP 98-5 in its financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 1999. The effect of adoption of SOP 98-5 was to record a charge in
1999 for the cumulative effect of an accounting change of 5.8 million 0.43
per share), net of taxes of 3.9 million, to expense costs that had been
previously capitalized prior to 1999. Had SOP 98-5 been adopted as of January 1,
1998, the reported net income and earnings per share for 1998 would not have
materially changed.

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

 In July 2001, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 141, Business Combinations, which supersedes Accounting Principles Board
(APB) Opinion No. 16, Business Combinations. SFAS 141 eliminates the
pooling-of-interests method of accounting for business combinations and modifies
the application of the purchase accounting method. The elimination of the
pooling-of-interests method is effective for transactions initiated after June
30, 2001. The remaining provisions of SFAS 141 will be effective for
transactions, accounted for using the purchase method, that are completed after
June 30, 2001.

 In July 2001, the FASB also issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, which supersedes APB Opinion
No. 17, Intangible Assets. SFAS 142 eliminates the current requirement to
amortize goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, addresses the
amortization of intangible assets with a defined life and addresses the
impairment testing and recognition for goodwill and intangible assets. SFAS 142
will apply to goodwill and intangible assets as of the Statement's effective
date. SFAS 142 is effective for the year ended December 31, 2002. The Company
believes adoption of this standard will not have a material effect on its
financial position and results of operations.

 In July 2001, the FASB released SFAS No. 143, "Accounting for Asset
Retirement Obligations," which is required to be adopted by the Company no later
than January 1, 2003. SFAS No. 143 addresses the financial accounting and
reporting for obligations and retirement costs related to the retirement of
tangible long-lived assets. The Company currently records the retirement
obligations associated with the oil and gas properties it has acquired and is
currently reviewing the provisions of SFAS No. 143 to determine the Standard's
impact on other operations of the Company, if any, and on its financial
statements upon adoption.

 In August 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets," which is effective for the Company
beginning January 1, 2002. SFAS No. 144 supersedes SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for
the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed
Of," and the accounting and reporting provisions relating to the disposal of a
segment of a business of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30. The Company
does not anticipate that the adoption of SFAS No. 144 will have a material
impact on its financial position or results of operations.

 F-11

NOTE C -- DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

 The Company developed a plan in October 2000 to exit its micronutrients
business, which produced zinc and manganese products for agricultural markets.
The plan provided for the sale of the stock of TETRA's wholly owned Mexican
subsidiary, Industrias Sulfamex, S.A. de C.V., a producer and distributor of
manganese sulfate, and all the manganese inventory held by the Company's U.S.
operations. It also provided for the sale of all inventories, plant and
equipment associated with its U.S. zinc sulfate business. In December 2000, the
Company sold all of its U.S. and foreign manganese sulfate assets for 15.4
million in cash. Effective September 30, 2001, the Company sold the remainder of
its micronutrients business, except for the Cheyenne, Wyoming facility, which
was closed and held for sale at December 31, 2001.

 The Company has accounted for the micronutrients business as a discontinued
operation and has restated prior period financial statements accordingly. The
estimated loss on the disposal of the discontinued operations of 14.5 million
(net of income tax benefit of 5.4 million) represents the estimated loss on the
disposal of the assets of the micronutrients business which was recognized in
2000. The Company also made a provision of 0.2 million for expected losses
during the disposition period from October 1, 2000 to September 30, 2001.

Summary operating results of discontinued operations are as follows:

2001 2000 1999
 ---------- ---------- ----------
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
 Revenues........................... 17,268 30,553 37,239
 Income (loss) before taxes......... - 17 (381)
 Provision for taxes................ - 7 (2,066)
 Net income (loss) from
 Discontinued operations......... - 10 1,685

Assets and liabilities of the micronutrients business disposed of consist of the
following at December 31:

2001 2000
 ---------- ----------
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
 Accounts receivable................ 773 5,437
 Inventory.......................... 456 4,462
 Property, plant and equipment...... 1,219 1,874
 Other assets....................... 23 41
 ---------- ----------
 Total assets.................... 2,471 11,814
 Current liabilities................ 321 2,058
 Other liabilities.................. 512 -
 ---------- ----------
 Net assets...................... 1,638 9,756
 ========== ==========

The net assets to be disposed of are carried at their expected net
realizable values and have been separately classified in the accompanying
balance sheet at December 31, 2001.

 During the period from January 1, 2001 to September 30, 2001 and for the
years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, the loss from discontinued operations,
net of taxes, included an allocation of interest expense of 0.4 million, 1.4
million and 2.0 million, respectively. For the period from the measurement date
through the expected divestiture date, the loss from discontinued operations
included an allocation of interest expense of 0.9 million. Interest expense
allocated to the discontinued operations was based upon borrowings directly
attributed to those operations.

 F-12

NOTE D -- RESTRUCTURING AND SPECIAL CHARGES

 During the fourth quarter of 1999, the Company initiated a strategic
restructuring program to refocus its efforts in the energy services business.
This program concentrated the Company's efforts on developing its oil and gas
services business and selling or consolidating non-core chemical operations. To
achieve this strategy, the Company sold its micronutrients business, as well as
several smaller chemicals-related operations. Additionally, the Company
implemented plans to exit certain product lines and businesses which were not
core to its new strategic direction. The remaining chemicals business is a
commodity products based operation, which significantly supports the energy
service markets. The Company also embarked on an aggressive program to
reorganize its overhead structure to reduce costs and improve operating
efficiencies in support of the energy services operations.

 As a result of this change in strategy, the Company recorded a 2.3
million, pretax, restructuring charge in the fourth quarter of 1999. The
following table details the activity during the twelve months ended December 31,
2001.

(IN THOUSANDS)
 ----------------------------------------------------
 DECEMBER 31, 2000 DECEMBER 31, 2001
 ----------------- -----------------
 CASH LIABILITY CASH LIABILITY
 PAYMENTS BALANCE PAYMENTS BALANCE
 --------- ------------ --------- -----------
 
 Involuntary termination costs...... 877 293 293 -
 Contractual costs.................. - 760 400 360
 Exit costs......................... 273 117 117 -
 --------- ------------ --------- -----------
 1,150 1,170 810 360
 ========= ============ ========= ===========

Involuntary termination costs consist of severance costs associated with
the termination of six management-level employees associated with the Company's
restructuring. Contractual costs include obligations triggered in two chemicals
product lines when the Company decided to exit these businesses. The remaining
exit costs are additional liabilities realized by exiting certain portions of
the specialty chemicals business.

 In March 1999, the Company was verbally notified of the early termination
of a significant liquid calcium chloride contract. The Company was subsequently
notified in writing. Under the terms of the contract, the Company is required to
terminate its operations at that location and vacate the facility within two
years from the date of written notification. The Company is also required to
remove all of its equipment and fixtures, at its own cost. As a result of the
early termination of the contract, the Company recorded a first quarter
impairment of these Fluids Division assets of approximately 1.4 million.

 Also during the first quarter of 1999, the Company recorded the impairment
of other plant assets in the Fluids Division. The old calcium chloride dry plant
in Lake Charles, Louisiana, was dismantled, resulting in an impairment charge of
approximately 1.8 million. The assets related to the old zinc bromide
production unit at the West Memphis, Arkansas, bromine plant, which had a
carrying value of approximately 0.4 million, were taken out of service in the
first quarter of 1999. The abandoned assets of both plant facilities were
written off in the first quarter of 1999. Finally, the Company recognized the
impairment of certain micronutrients' assets totaling approximately 1.1
million. These assets were deemed impaired with the acquisition of the WyZinCo
Company and the CoZinCo assets and were written off during the first quarter.

 F-13

NOTE E -- ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS

 During the third quarter of 2001, the Company acquired certain assets of
Production Well Testers, Inc. (PWT) for approximately 4.9 million in cash. PWT
provides production testing services to offshore Gulf of Mexico markets as well
as onshore gulf coast markets. The business was integrated with TETRA's Testing
Division as part of its production testing operations, enhancing the Company's
presence in Louisiana and expanding operations into the Mississippi and Alabama
markets and the Gulf of Mexico.

 The Company acquired the assets of Lee Chemical during the fourth quarter
of 2001 for approximately 2.7 million in cash. Lee is a producer and
distributor of liquid calcium chloride in the West Coast markets, and was
integrated into our Fluids Division. Also in the fourth quarter, the Company's
Well Abandonment & Decommissioning Division purchased approximately 4.9 million
of oil and gas producing properties in exchange for the assumption of the
decommissioning liabilities related to the properties and other considerations.
As part of that transaction, the Company received approximately 1.7 million of
cash to satisfy other working interest owners' future well abandonment
obligations for these properties. The oil and gas producing assets were recorded
at the future estimated fair value to abandon and decommission the property.

 In the second quarter of 2000, the Company completed an asset exchange of
its trucking operations for certain assets of Key Energy Services. The Company
accounted for the exchange of interest as a non-monetary transaction whereby the
basis in the exchanged assets became the new basis in the assets received. No
gain or loss was recognized as a result of the exchange.

 During the fourth quarter of 2000, the Company expanded its Well
Abandonment & Decommissioning capacity through the acquisition of the assets of
Cross Offshore Corporation, Ocean Salvage Corporation and Cross Marine LLC. The
Company paid approximately 6.2 million in cash plus additional future
consideration contingent upon future net earnings. The assets purchased
complement the Company's current well abandonment, platform decommissioning and
heavy lift operations in the Gulf Coast inland waters and offshore markets. This
transaction approximately doubled the offshore rigless well abandonment packages
and increased the number of inland water well abandonment packages the Company
can provide. It also gave the Company heavy lift capabilities with the
acquisition of the Southern Hercules, a 500 ton capacity heavy lift barge.

 Also in the fourth quarter of 2000, the Company purchased in two separate
transactions, oil and gas producing properties in exchange for the assumption of
their decommissioning liability. The effective date of the initial transaction
was June 1, 2000. Oil and gas producing assets were recorded at the future
estimated decommissioning costs, less cash received of 1.3 million.

 In 1999, the Company acquired WyZinCo, Inc., CoZinCo Sales, Inc. and
certain assets of CoZinCo, Inc. for approximately 11.7 million in cash and
notes. The acquisition was funded primarily through the Company's credit
facility. The excess of purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired
was approximately 8.3 million.

 Also in 1999, the Company sold its Process Technologies business for 38.8
million. The sale, which was effective May 1, 1999, generated a pretax gain of
 29.6 million. The proceeds were used to reduce long-term bank debt. This
business had sales of 4.1 million in 1999, 15.6 million in 1998 and 11.4
million in 1997. The Company also sold in 1999 its corporate headquarters
building, realizing a pretax gain of approximately 6.7 million. The Company
subsequently signed a ten-year lease agreement for space within the building.

 All acquisitions by the Company have been accounted for as purchases, with
operations of the companies and businesses acquired included in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements from their respective dates of acquisition.
The purchase price has been allocated to the acquired assets and liabilities
based on a preliminary determination of their respective fair values. The excess
of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired is included
in goodwill and amortized over periods which do not exceed forty years. Pro
forma information for these acquisitions has not been presented as such amounts
are not material.

 F-14

NOTE F -- LEASES

 The Company leases some of its automobiles and trucks, transportation
equipment, office space, and machinery and equipment. The automobile and truck
leases, which are for three and five years and expire at various dates through
2003, are classified as capital leases. The machinery and equipment leases,
which vary from three to five year terms and expire at various dates through
2006, are also classified as capital leases. The office leases, which vary from
one to ten year terms that expire at various dates through 2009 and are
renewable for three and five year periods at similar terms, are classified as
operating leases. Transportation equipment leases expire at various dates
through 2007 and are classified as operating leases. The automobile and truck
leases, office leases, and machinery and equipment leases require the Company to
pay all maintenance and insurance costs.

 Property, plant, and equipment includes the following amounts for leases
that have been capitalized:

DECEMBER 31,
 -----------
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 2001 2000
 ---- ----
 
 Automobiles and trucks........................... 4,030 3,736
 Less accumulated amortization.................... 3,140 (2,756)
 --------- ----------
 890 980
 ========= ==========

 Machinery and equipment.......................... 100 108
 Less accumulated amortization.................... (67) (43)
 --------- ----------
 33 65
 ========= ==========

Amortization of these assets is computed using the straight-line method
over the terms of the leases and is included in depreciation and amortization
expense.

 Future minimum lease payments by year and in the aggregate, under capital
leases and noncancellable operating leases with terms of one year or more
consist of the following at December 31, 2001:

CAPITAL OPERATING
 LEASES LEASES
 ------ ------
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
 2002........................................... 494 4,580
 2003........................................... 283 4,054
 2004........................................... 217 2,510
 2005........................................... 49 1,640
 2006........................................... - 1,566
 After 2006..................................... - 3,389
 --------- ----------
 Total minimum lease payments................... 1,043 17,739
 Amount representing interest................... (142) ==========
 ---------
 Present value of net minimum lease payments.... 901
 Less current portion........................... (428)
 ---------

 Total long-term portion................... 473
 =========

Rental expense for all operating leases was 8.1 million, 6.5 million and
 5.4 million in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

 F-15

NOTE G -- INCOME TAXES

 The income tax provision attributable to continuing operations for years
ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 consisted of the following:

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
 -----------------------
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 2001 2000 1999
 ---- ---- ----
 
CURRENT
 Federal................................... 5,234 1,261 3,967
 State..................................... 477 117 261
 Foreign................................... 2,174 1,615 1,400
 -------- -------- --------
 7,885 2,993 5,628

DEFERRED
 Federal................................... 5,772 1,528 5,909
 State..................................... 454 151 403
 Foreign................................... 285 - -
 -------- -------- --------
 6,511 1,679 6,312

 Total tax provision....................... 14,396 4,672 11,940
 ======== ======== ========

A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes attributable to
continuing operations computed by applying the federal statutory rate for the
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 to income before income taxes and
the reported income taxes is as follows:

2001 2000 1999
 ---- ---- ----
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
Income tax provision computed at statutory
 federal income tax rates...................... 13,394 4,219 9,194
State income taxes (net of federal benefit)...... 605 177 432
Nondeductible expenses........................... 435 372 612
Impact of international operations............... 10 304 1,290
Other............................................ (48) (400) 412
 -------- -------- --------
Total tax provision.............................. 14,396 4,672 11,940
 ======== ======== ========

Income before taxes, discontinued operations and cumulative effect of
accounting change includes the following components:

2001 2000 1999
 ---- ---- ----
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
 Domestic............................ 32,888 11,022 24,983
 International....................... 5,381 1,387 1,286
 -------- -------- --------
 Total ......................... 38,269 12,409 26,269
 ======== ======== ========

F-16

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of
the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2001 and
2000 are as follows:

Deferred Tax Assets: 2001 2000
 ---- ----
 (IN THOUSANDS)

Tax inventory over book...................... 1,679 899
 Allowance for doubtful accounts.............. 700 383
 Accruals ................................... 7,912 5,016
 Foreign tax credit carryforward.............. 492 1,131
 Restructuring charge......................... 135 386
 All other ................................... 942 730
 -------- --------
 Total deferred tax assets................ 11,860 8,545
 Valuation reserve............................ - (227)
 -------- --------
 Net deferred tax assets.................. 11,860 8,318
 ======== ========

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 2001 2000
 ---- ----
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
 Excess book over tax basis in PP&E........... 26,659 17,129
 Goodwill amortization........................ 1,534 1,979
 Accounts receivable mark-to-market........... - 248
 All other ................................... 553 100
 -------- --------
 Total deferred tax liability................. 28,746 19,456
 -------- --------

 Net deferred tax liability................... 16,886 11,138
 ======== ========

During 2001, the Company disposed of certain assets that eliminated the
need for a valuation allowance recorded as of December 31, 2000.

NOTE H -- ACCRUED LIABILITIES

 Accrued liabilities are detailed as follows:

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
 -----------------------
 2001 2000
 ---- ----
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
Commissions, royalties and rebates........................ 173 743
Compensation and employee benefits........................ 8,358 6,148
Interest expense payable.................................. 2,457 163
Oil & Gas producing liabilities........................... 3,755 573
Other accrued liabilities................................. 4,316 2,390
Decommissioning liability................................. 4,638 1,266
Plant operating costs..................................... 410 631
Professional fees......................................... 711 766
Restructuring charges..................................... 360 1,170
Taxes payable............................................. 4,308 4,203
Transportation and distribution costs..................... 1,040 701
 -------- --------
 30,526 18,754
 ======== ========

F-17

NOTE I -- LONG-TERM DEBT AND OTHER BORROWINGS

 Long-term debt consists of the following:

DECEMBER 31,
 ------------
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 2001 2000
 ---- ----
 
General purpose revolving line-of-credit for 80 million with interest at LIBOR
 plus 1.00 - 2.00 . Borrowings as of 12/31/01 accrued
 interest at LIBOR plus 1.25 ................................................. 41,000 -
General purpose revolving line-of-credit for 100 million with interest
 at LIBOR plus 0.75 - 2.75 ................................................... - 56,700
 ---------- ----------
 41,000 56,700

Less current portion............................................................. - (6,534)
 ---------- ----------

 Total long-term debt.......................................................... 41,000 50,166
 ========== ==========

Scheduled maturities for the next three years and thereafter as of December
31, 2001 are as follows (in thousands):

2002................................................ -
 2003................................................ -
 2004................................................ 41,000
 ---------
 41,000
 =========

In December 2001, the Company amended its revolving line of credit to an
 80 million line that may be expanded to 110 million during the first year, at
the Company's discretion. This agreement matures in December 2004 and is secured
by accounts receivable, inventories, and guarantees and pledges of stock of the
Company's subsidiaries. TETRA's credit facility is subject to common financial
ratio covenants. These include, among others, a debt-to-EBITDA ratio, a fixed
charge coverage ratio, a tangible net worth minimum and dollar limits on the
total amount of capital expenditures and acquisitions the Company may undertake
in any given year. The Company pays a commitment fee on unused portions of the
line and a LIBOR-based interest rate which decreases or increases as the
financial ratios improve or deteriorate. The Company is not required to maintain
compensating balances. The covenants also include certain restrictions on the
sale of assets. As of December 31, 2001, the Company has 3.5 million in letters
of credit and 41.0 million in long-term debt outstanding against an 80 million
line of credit, leaving a net availability of 35.5 million. The Company
believes this new credit facility will meet all its capital and working capital
requirements through December 2004.

 In September 1997, the Company entered into two interest rate swap
agreements, each with a nominal amount of 20 million, which are effective
January 2, 1998 and expire on January 2, 2003. The interest rate swap agreements
provide for the Company to pay interest at a fixed rate of approximately 6.4 
(annual rate) every three months, beginning April 2, 1998 and requires the
issuer to pay the Company on a floating rate based on LIBOR. The swap
transactions can be canceled by the Company through payment of a cancellation
fee, which is based upon prevailing market conditions and remaining life of the
agreement. The estimated fair value of the swap transactions at December 31,
2001 was 1.3 million, net of taxes, below the carrying value.

NOTE J - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

 The Company and its subsidiaries are named defendants in several lawsuits
and respondents in certain governmental proceedings arising in the ordinary
course of business. While the outcome of lawsuits or other proceedings against
the Company cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not expect these
matters to have a material adverse impact on the financial statements.

 F-18

NOTE K -- CAPITAL STOCK

 The Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the Company
to issue 40,000,000 shares of common stock, par value .01 per share, and
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value. The voting, dividend and
liquidation rights of the holders of common stock are subject to the rights of
the holders of preferred stock. The holders of common stock are entitled to one
vote for each share held. There is no cumulative voting. Dividends may be
declared and paid on common stock as determined by the Board of Directors,
subject to any preferential dividend rights of any then outstanding preferred
stock.

 The Board of Directors of the Company is empowered, without approval of the
stockholders, to cause shares of preferred stock to be issued in one or more
series and to establish the number of shares to be included in each such series
and the rights, powers, preferences and limitations of each series. Because the
Board of Directors has the power to establish the preferences and rights of each
series, it may afford the holders of any series of preferred stock preferences,
powers and rights, voting or otherwise, senior to the rights of holders of
common stock. The issuance of the preferred stock could have the effect of
delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. The Board of
Directors has no present plans to issue any of the preferred stock.

 Upon dissolution or liquidation of the Company, whether voluntary or
involuntary, holders of common stock will be entitled to receive all assets of
the Company available for distribution to its stockholders, subject to any
preferential rights of any then outstanding preferred stock.

NOTE L -- STOCK OPTION PLANS

 The Company has various stock option plans which provide for the granting
of options for the purchase of the Company's common stock and other
performance-based awards to executive officers, key employees, non executive
officers, consultants and directors of the Company. Incentive stock options can
vest over a period of up to five years and are exercisable for periods up to ten
years. The TETRA Technologies, Inc. 1990 Stock Option Plan (the "1990 Plan") was
initially adopted in 1985 and subsequently amended to change the name and the
number and type of options that could be granted as well as the time period for
granting stock options.

 The Company has granted performance stock options under the 1990 Plan to
certain executive officers. These granted options have an exercise price of
 25.00 per share and vest in full in no less than five years, subject to
earlier vesting as follows: fifty percent of each such option vests
immediately if the market value per share of the Company's common stock is
equal to or greater than 37.50 for a period of at least 20 consecutive
trading days; and the remaining fifty percent vests immediately if the market
value per share is equal to or greater than 50.00 for a period of at least
20 consecutive trading days. These options are immediately exercisable upon
vesting; provided, however, that no more than 100,000 shares of Common Stock
may be exercised by any individual after vesting in any 90 day period, except
in the event of death, incapacity or termination of employment of the holder
or the occurrence of a Corporation Change. Such options must be exercised
within three years of vesting or they expire. At December 31, 2001, 950,000
shares of common stock have been reserved for grants of such performance
options under the 1990 Plan, of which 175,000 were available for future
grants.

 In 1993, the Company adopted the TETRA Technologies, Inc. Director Stock
Option Plan (the "Directors' Plan"). The purpose of the Directors' Plan is to
enable the Company to attract and retain qualified individuals who are not
employees of the Company to serve as directors. In 1996, the Directors' Plan was
amended to increase the number of shares issuable under automatic grants
thereunder. In 1998, the Company adopted the TETRA Technologies, Inc. 1998
Director Stock Option Plan (the "1998 Directors' Plan"). The purpose of the 1998
Directors' Plan is to enable the Company to attract and retain qualified
individuals to serve as directors of the Company and to align their interests
more closely with the Company's interests. The 1998 Directors' Plan is funded
with treasury stock of the Company.

 F-19

The Company also has a plan designed to award incentive stock options to
non-executive employees and consultants who are key to the performance of the
Company. At December 31, 2001, 750,000 shares of common stock have been
registered and are reserved for grants, of which 300,000 are available for
future grants.

 The following is a summary of stock option activity for the years ended
 December 31, 1999, 2000 and 2001:

SHARES WEIGHTED AVERAGE
 UNDER OPTION OPTION PRICE
 (000'S) PER SHARE
 ------------ ----------------
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 1998...................... 2,377 14.28

 Options granted................................... 144 10.02
 Options canceled.................................. (283) 14.55
 Options exercised................................. (13) 7.59
 ------
 Outstanding at December 31, 1999...................... 2,225 13.96

 Options granted................................... 582 8.81
 Options canceled.................................. (189) 9.40
 Options exercised................................. (191) 9.99
 ------
 Outstanding at December 31, 2000...................... 2,427 13.40

 Options granted................................... 669 21.83
 Options canceled.................................. (27) 14.17
 Options exercised................................. (422) 8.82
 ------
 Outstanding at December 31, 2001...................... 2,647 16.27
 ======

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

2001 2000 1999
 ---- ---- ----
 
1990 TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. EMPLOYEE PLAN (AS AMENDED)
 Maximum number of shares authorized for issuance........ 3,950 3,950 3,950
 Shares reserved for future grants....................... 396 740 1,030
 Shares exercisable at year end.......................... 880 883 948
 Weighted average exercise price of shares
 exercisable at year end............................. 10.84 10.20 9.58

DIRECTOR STOCK OPTION PLANS
 Maximum number of shares authorized for issuance........ 175 175 175
 Shares reserved for future grants....................... 55 79 86
 Shares exercisable at year end.......................... 54 64 57
 Weighted average exercise price of shares
 exercisable at year end............................. 11.99 8.92 10.10

ALL OTHER PLANS
 Maximum number of shares authorized for issuance........ 952 702 785
 Shares reserved for future grants....................... 300 317 418
 Shares exercisable at year end.......................... 318 342 269
 Weighted average exercise price of shares
 exercisable at year end............................. 10.18 10.09 10.35

F-20

OPTIONS OUTSTANDING OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
 ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------
 WEIGHTED AVERAGE WEIGHTED
 RANGE OF REMAINING AVERAGE WEIGHTED AVERAGE
 EXERCISE PRICE SHARES CONTRACTED LIFE EXERCISE PRICE SHARES EXERCISE PRICE
 ---------------- ------------ --------------- --------------- --------- ----------------
 
 6.88 to 9.80 594 5.7 7.88 377 8.01

 10.19 to 16.75 920 7.4 11.51 817 11.36

 16.88 to 25.00 1,133 7.2 24.53 58 19.48
 ------------ --------

 2,647 7.0 16.27 1,252 10.72
 ============ =========

Assuming that TETRA had accounted for its stock-based compensation using
the alternative fair value method of accounting under FAS No. 123 and
amortized the fair value to expense over the options' vesting periods, net
income and earnings per share would have been as follows (in thousands except
per share amounts):

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
 -------------------------------------
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 2001 2000 1999
 -------- --------- ----------

Net (loss) income - as reported............................ 23,873 (6,722) 10,232
 Net (loss) income - pro forma.............................. 21,300 (9,022) 8,144

 Net (loss) income per share - as reported.................. 1.71 (0.49) 0.75
 Net (loss) income per share - pro forma.................... 1.52 (0.66) 0.60

 Net (loss) income per diluted share - as reported.......... 1.61 (0.49) 0.64
 Net (loss) income per diluted share - pro forma............ 1.44 (0.66) 0.60

The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions; expected
stock price volatility 47 , expected life of options 5.0 to 6.0 years, risk-free
interest rate 5.0 to 6.0 and no expected dividend yield. The weighted average
fair value of options granted during 2001, 2000 and 1999 was 7.81, 3.91 and
 3.69 per share, respectively.

NOTE M -- 401(K) PLAN

 The Company has a 401(k) profit sharing and savings plan (the "Plan") that
covers substantially all employees and entitles them to contribute up to 22 of
their annual compensation, subject to maximum limitations imposed by the
Internal Revenue Code. The Company matches 50 of each employee's contribution
up to 6 of annual compensation, subject to certain limitations as outlined in
the Plan. In addition, the Company can make discretionary contributions which
are allocable to participants in accordance with the Plan.

 F-21

NOTE N -- DERIVATIVES

 The Company has adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
("SFAS") No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
as amended by SFAS No. 137 and SFAS No. 138. These statements require the
Company to recognize all derivative instruments on the balance sheet at fair
value and establish criteria for designation and effectiveness of hedging
relationships. A fair value hedge requires that the effective portion of the
change in the fair value of a derivative instrument be offset against the change
in the fair value of the underlying assets, liability or firm commitment being
hedged through earnings. A cash flow hedge requires that the effective portion
of the change in the fair value of a derivative instrument be recognized in
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI), a component of the Shareholders' Equity, and
then be reclassified into earnings in the period or periods during which the
hedged transaction affects earnings. Any ineffective portion of a derivative
instrument's change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings.

 The Company uses interest rate swap agreements to decrease the volatility
of future cash flows associated with interest payments on its variable rate
debt. The Company's swap agreements, in effect, provide a fixed interest rate of
6.4 on its credit facility through 2002. The nominal principle values of these
agreements are substantially equal to the outstanding long-term debt balances.
Differences between amount paid and amounts received under the contracts are
recognized in interest expense. The Company will also hedge a portion of its gas
production to decrease the volatility associated with variable market pricing.

 The Company believes that its swap agreements are "highly effective cash
flow hedges", as defined by the Standards, in managing the volatility of future
cash flows associated with interest payments on its variable rate debt. The
effective portion of the derivative's gain or loss (i.e., that portion of the
derivative's gain or loss that offsets the corresponding change in the cash
flows of the hedged transaction) is initially reported as a component of
"accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" and will be subsequently
reclassified into earnings when the hedged exposure affects earnings (i.e., when
interest expense on the debt is accrued). The "ineffective" portion of the
derivative's gain or loss is recognized in earnings immediately.

 In 2001, the Company recognized a decrease in the aggregate fair market
value of its swap agreements, resulting from the general decline in interest
rates that occurred during the period. The decrease in the aggregate fair market
value of the agreements of 1.3 million (net of an income tax benefit of 0.8
million) is reflected under the caption "accumulated other comprehensive loss"
in the balance sheet.

NOTE O -- INCOME PER SHARE

 The following is a reconciliation of the common shares outstanding with the
number of shares used in the computation of income per common and common
equivalent share:

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
 ----------------------
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 2001 2000 1999
 ---- ---- ----
 
Number of weighted average common shares outstanding ...... 13,995 13,616 13,524
Assumed exercise of stock options.......................... 842 - 52
 --------- ---------- --------
Average diluted shares outstanding......................... 14,837 13,616 13,576
 ========= ========== ========

F-22

NOTE P -- INDUSTRY SEGMENTS AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

 The Company manages its operations through three divisions: Fluids, Well
Abandonment & Decommissioning and Testing & Services.

 The Company's Fluids Division manufactures and markets clear brine fluids
to the oil and gas industry for use in well drilling, completion and workover
operations in both domestic and international markets. The division also markets
the liquid and dry calcium chloride manufactured at its production facilities to
a variety of markets outside the energy industry.

 The Well Abandonment & Decommissioning Division provides a complete package
of services required for the abandonment of depleted oil and gas wells and
decommissioning of platforms, pipelines and other associated equipment. The
division services the onshore, inland waters and offshore markets of the Gulf of
Mexico. The Division is also an oil and gas producer from wells acquired in its
well abandonment and decommissioning business.

 The Company's Testing & Services Division provides production testing
services to the Texas, Louisiana and Latin American markets. It also provides
the technology and services required for separation and recycling of oily
residuals generated from petroleum refining and offshore exploration and
production.

 The Company generally evaluates performance and allocates resources based
on profit or loss from operations before income taxes and non-recurring charges.
The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those
described in the summary of significant accounting policies. Transfers between
segments, as well as geographic areas, are priced at the estimated fair value of
the products or services as negotiated between the operating units. Others
include corporate expenses, nonrecurring charges and elimination of intersegment
revenues.

 F-23

Summarized financial information concerning the business segments from
continuing operations as follows:

WELL
 ABANDON. TESTING
 FLUIDS & DECOMM. & SERVICES OTHER CONSOLIDATED
 ------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------------
 (In Thousands)
 
2001 SEGMENT DETAIL
Revenues from external customers
 Products 125,165 15,722 8,849 - 149,736
 Services and rentals 14,531 82,306 56,865 - 153,702
Intersegmented revenues 1,631 492 13 (2,136) -
 ------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------------
 Total revenues 141,327 98,520 65,727 (2,136) 303,438
 ============ ============ =========== =========== =================

Depreciation and amortization 6,105 6,896 5,059 505 18,565
Interest expense 9 - - 2,482 2,491
Income (loss) before taxes and
 discontinued operations 21,105 16,178 18,206 (17,220) 38,269
Total assets 128,581 96,893 67,308 17,027(3) 309,809
Capital expenditures 4,539 12,575 10,587 639 28,340

2000 SEGMENT DETAIL
Revenues from external customers
 Products 100,632 11,740 7,949 - 120,321
 Services and rentals 17,066 48,672 38,446 - 104,184
Intersegmented revenues 1,173 - - (1,173) -
 ------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------------
 Total revenues 118,871 60,412 46,395 (1,173) 224,505
 ============ ============ =========== =========== =================

Depreciation and amortization 6,651 4,253 3,779 582 15,265
Interest expense 8 - - 4,179 4,187
Income (loss) before taxes and
 discontinued operations 10,233 4,565 10,166 (12,555) 12,409
Total assets 123,673 75,965 55,922 23,380(3) 278,940
Capital expenditures 4,810 2,448 8,611 123 15,992

1999 SEGMENT DETAIL
Revenues from external customers
 Products 89,133 4,753 9,904 - 103,790
 Services and rentals 18,730 31,452 19,962 4,128(2) 74,272
Intersegmented revenues 1,729 - - (1,729) -
 ------------ ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------------
 Total revenues 109,592 36,205 29,866 2,399 178,062
 ============ ============ =========== =========== =================

Depreciation and amortization 7,088 3,093 3,261 763 14,205
Interest expense 12 - 35 5,191 5,238
Income (loss) before taxes, discontinued
 operations and cumulative effect of
 accounting change 7,380 (626) 2,254 17,261(1) 26,269
Total assets 129,878 57,700 42,792 54,140(3) 284,510
Capital expenditures 4,428 1,576 5,993 410 12,407

- ----------
(1) Includes gain on the sale of administration building of 6,731, gain on the
 sale of the TPT business of 29,629, special charges of 4,745 and a
 restructuring charge of 2,320.
(2) Revenues from the TETRA Process Technologies business, which was sold in
 1999.
(3) Includes net assets of discontinued operations.

 F-24

Summarized financial information concerning the geographic areas in which
the Company operated at December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 are presented below:

2001 2000 1999
 ----------- ------------ -------------
 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
Revenues from external customers:
 U.S............................ 254,649 190,709 143,192
 Europe and Africa...................... 30,619 17,813 21,011
 Other.................................. 18,170 15,983 13,859
 ----------- ------------ -------------
 Total........................... 303,438 224,505 178,062

Transfer between geographic areas:
 U.S................................. 658 208 596
 Europe and Africa...................... - - -
 Other.................................. - - -
 Eliminations........................... (658) (208) (596)
 ----------- ------------ -------------
 Total Revenues..................... 303,438 224,505 178,062
 =========== ============ =============

Identifiable Assets:
 U.S............................. 270,239 248,023 217,260
 Europe and Africa...................... 27,455 17,436 18,779
 Other.................................. 25,564 26,498 23,209
 Eliminations........................... (13,449)(1) (13,017)(1) (25,262)(1)
 ----------- ------------ -------------
 Total.............................. 309,809 278,940 284,510
 =========== ============ =============

- ----------

(1) Includes net assets of discontinued operations.

 In 2001, 2000 and 1999, no customer accounted for more than 10 of
consolidated revenues.

 F-25

NOTE Q -- QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

 Summarized quarterly financial data from continuing operations for 2001 and
2000 are as follows:

THREE MONTHS ENDED 2001
 ---------------------------------------------------------------
 MARCH 31 JUNE 30 SEPTEMBER 30 DECEMBER 31
 ------------- ------------ ------------- --------------
 
Total Revenue 72,597 81,578 77,376 71,887
Gross Profit 18,952 23,092 22,688 20,502
Net Income 5,140 6,742 6,850 5,141

Net income per share 0.37 0.48 0.49 0.37
 ============= ============ ============= ==============

Net income per diluted share 0.35 0.45 0.46 0.35
 ============= ============ ============= ==============

THREE MONTHS ENDED 2000
 ---------------------------------------------------------------
 MARCH 31 JUNE 30 SEPTEMBER 30 DECEMBER 31
 ------------- ------------ ------------- --------------
 
Total Revenue 50,909 56,117 54,077 63,402
Gross Profit 11,258 13,312 13,308 15,815
Net income before discontinued operations 661 1,639 2,092 3,345
Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
 net of tax 25 79 (94) -
Estimated loss on disposal of discontinued
 operations, net of tax - - - (14,469)
 ------------- ------------ ------------- --------------
Net Income (loss) 686 1,718 1,998 (11,124)
 ============= ============ ============= ==============

Net income per share before discontinued
 operations 0.05 0.12 0.15 0.24
Income (loss) per share from discontinued
 operations - 0.01 (0.01) -
Estimated loss per share on disposal of
 discontinued operations - - - (1.05)
 ------------- ------------ ------------- --------------
Net income (loss) per share 0.05 0.13 0.14 (0.81)
 ============= ============ ============= ==============

Net income per diluted share before discontinued
 operations 0.05 0.12 0.15 0.24
Income (loss) per share from discontinued
 operations - 0.01 (0.01) -
Estimated loss per share on disposal of
 discontinued operations - - - (1.05)
 ------------- ------------ ------------- --------------
Net income per diluted share 0.05 0.13 0.14 (0.81)
 ============= ============ ============= ==============

F-26

NOTE R - SHAREHOLDERS RIGHTS PLAN

 On October 27, 1998, the Board of Directors adopted a stockholder rights
plan (the "Rights Plan") designed to assure that all of the Company's
shareholders receive fair and equal treatment in the event of any proposed
takeover of the Company. The Rights Plan helps to guard against partial tender
offers, open market accumulations and other abusive tactics to gain control of
the Company without paying an adequate and fair price in any takeover attempt.
The Rights are not presently exercisable and are not represented by separate
certificates. The Company is currently not aware of any effort of any kind to
acquire control of the Company.

 Terms of the Rights Plan provide for a dividend distribution of one
Preferred Stock Purchase Right for each outstanding share of Common Stock to
holders of record subsequent to the close of business on November 6, 1998. The
Rights Plan would be triggered if an acquiring party accumulates or initiates a
tender offer to purchase 20 or more of the Company's Common Stock and would
entitle holders of the Rights to purchase either the Company's stock or shares
in an acquiring entity at half of market value. Each Right entitles the holder
thereof to purchase 1/100 of a share of Series One Junior Participating
Preferred Stock for 50.00 per share, subject to adjustment. The Company would
generally be entitled to redeem the Rights at .01 per Right at any time until
the tenth day following the time the Rights become exercisable. The Rights will
expire on November 6, 2008.

 For a more detailed description of the Rights Plan, refer to the Company's
Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 1998.

 F-27

TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
 (IN THOUSANDS)

 ADDITIONS

CHARGED
 BALANCE AT CHARGED TO OTHER BALANCE AT
 BEGINNING TO COSTS ACCOUNTS- DEDUCTIONS END
 OF PERIOD AND EXPENSES DESCRIBE DESCRIBE OF PERIOD
 ------------- -------------- ----------- ---------- ------------

Year ended December 31, 1999:
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 810 1,365 (95)(2) (320)(1) 1,760
 ============= ============== =========== ========== ============

 Inventory reserves 213 460 (283) - 390
 ============= ============== =========== ========== ============

Year ended December 31, 2000:
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 1,760 655 - (1,487)(1) 928
 ============= ============== =========== ========== ============

 Inventory reserves 390 - (57) - 333
 ============= ============== =========== ========== ============

Year ended December 31, 2001:
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 928 1,187 41 (388)(1) 1,768
 ============= ============== =========== ========== ============

 Inventory reserves 333 31 698 (70) 992
 ============= ============== =========== ========== ============

- ----------
(1) Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries.
(2) Sale of business

 S-1

<EX-10.7>
 3
 a2075175zex-10_7.txt
 EXHIBIT 10-7

Exhibit 10.7

 EXECUTION COPY

 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
 CREDIT AGREEMENT

 Among

 TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
 as Borrower,

 THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
 NAMED IN THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT
 as Banks,

 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
 as Administrative Agent for the Banks

 and

 BANK ONE, NA,
 as Syndication Agent

 80,000,000

 December 14, 2001

 Arranged by:

 BANC OF AMERICA SECURITIES, L.L.C.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PAGE
 
ARTICLE 1. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS........................1

 1.1 Certain Defined Terms.......................................1

 1.2 Computation of Time Periods................................16

 1.3 Accounting Terms; Preparation of Financials................16

 1.4 Types......................................................16

 1.5 Interpretation.............................................16

ARTICLE 2. CREDIT FACILITIES......................................17

 2.1 Revolving Credit Loan Facility.............................17

 2.2 Swingline Facility.........................................19

 2.3 Letter of Credit Facility..................................20

 2.4 Fees.......................................................23

 2.5 Interest...................................................24

 2.6 Breakage Costs.............................................26

 2.7 Increased Costs............................................27

 2.8 Illegality.................................................28

 2.9 Market Failure.............................................28

 2.10 Advancing and Payments Generally; Computations.............28

 2.11 Taxes......................................................31

 2.12 Increase of Revolving Credit Commitments...................32

ARTICLE 3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT...................................33

 3.1 Conditions Precedent to Amendment and Restatement..........33

 3.2 Conditions Precedent to Each Extension of Credit...........33

ARTICLE 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.........................33

 4.1 Organization...............................................33

 4.2 Authorization..............................................34

 4.3 Enforceability.............................................34

 4.4 Absence of Conflicts and Approvals.........................34

 4.5 Investment Companies.......................................34

 4.6 Public Utilities...........................................34

 4.7 Financial Condition........................................34

-i-

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 (Continued)

PAGE
 
 4.8 Condition of Assets........................................35

 4.9 Litigation.................................................35

 4.10 Subsidiaries and Affiliates................................35

 4.11 Laws and Regulations.......................................35

 4.12 Environmental Compliance...................................35

 4.13 ERISA......................................................36

 4.14 Taxes......................................................36

 4.15 True and Complete Disclosure...............................36

ARTICLE 5. COVENANTS..............................................36

 5.1 Organization; Maintenance of Properties....................37

 5.2 Reporting..................................................37

 5.3 Inspection.................................................38

 5.4 Use of Proceeds............................................39

 5.5 Financial Covenants........................................39

 5.6 Debt.......................................................40

 5.7 Liens......................................................40

 5.8 Other Obligations..........................................40

 5.9 Corporate Transactions.....................................40

 5.10 Distributions..............................................42

 5.11 Transactions with Affiliates...............................42

 5.12 Insurance..................................................42

 5.13 Investments................................................42

 5.14 Lines of Business; Distribution............................42

 5.15 Compliance with Laws.......................................42

 5.16 Environmental Compliance...................................43

 5.17 ERISA Compliance...........................................43

 5.18 Payment of Certain Claims..................................43

 5.19 Subsidiaries...............................................43

 5.20 Further Assurances.........................................44

 5.21 Management.................................................44

-ii-

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 (Continued)

PAGE
 
 5.22 Foreign Subsidiaries.......................................44

ARTICLE 6. DEFAULT AND REMEDIES...................................44

 6.1 Events of Default..........................................44

 6.2 Termination of Commitments.................................46

 6.3 Acceleration of Credit Obligations.........................46

 6.4 Cash Collateralization of Letters of Credit................46

 6.5 Default Interest...........................................46

 6.6 Right of Setoff............................................46
0
 6.7 Actions Under Credit Documents.............................47

 6.8 Remedies Cumulative........................................47

 6.9 Application of Payments....................................47

ARTICLE 7. THE AGENT AND ISSUING BANK.............................48

 7.1 Authorization and Action...................................48

 7.2 Reliance, Etc..............................................48

 7.3 Affiliates.................................................49

 7.4 Bank Credit Decision.......................................49

 7.5 Expenses...................................................49

 7.6 Indemnification............................................49

 7.7 Successor Agent and Issuing Bank...........................50

 7.8 Other Agents; Lead Managers................................50

ARTICLE 8. ARTICLE 8. MISCELLANEOUS...............................50

 8.1 Expenses...................................................50

 8.2 Indemnification............................................51

 8.3 Modifications, Waivers, and Consents.......................51

 8.4 Survival of Agreements.....................................52

 8.5 Assignment and Participation...............................52

 8.6 Notice.....................................................54

 8.7 Choice of Law..............................................54

 8.8 Forum Selection............................................54

 8.9 Service of Process.........................................54

-iii-

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 (Continued)

PAGE

8.10 Waiver of Jury Trial.......................................55

 8.11 Counterparts...............................................55

 8.12 Confidentiality............................................55

 8.13 No Further Agreements......................................55

-iv-

EXHIBITS

 Exhibit A - Form of Compliance Certificate
 Exhibit B - Form of Borrowing Request
 Exhibit C - Form of Continuation/Conversion Request
 Exhibit D-1 - Form of Revolving Credit Note
 Exhibit D-2 - Form of Swingline Note
 Exhibit E - Form of Assignment and Acceptance
 Exhibit F - Closing Documents List
 Exhibit G - Form of Joinder Agreement
 Exhibit H-1 - Form of New Bank Agreement
 Exhibit H-2 - Form of Revolving Credit Commitment
 Increase Agreement

SCHEDULES

 Schedule I - Administrative Information
 Schedule II - Disclosures

 -v-

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

 This Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 14,
2001 is among TETRA Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as Borrower, the
financial institutions named herein, as Banks, Bank of America, N.A., as
administrative agent ("Agent") for the Banks, and Bank One, NA, as Syndication
Agent, and is arranged by Banc of America Securities, L.L.C., as Lead Arranger
and Book Manager.

 INTRODUCTION

 A. The Borrower, the Banks and the Agent are parties to the First Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 12, 2000, as amended by Amendment
No. 1 dated as of June 21, 2000, Amendment No. 2 dated as of July 28, 2000,
Amendment No. 3 and Consent dated as of November 3, 2000, and Amendment No. 4
and Consent dated as of December 31, 2000 (as amended, the "Existing Credit
Agreement").

 B. The parties to the Existing Credit Agreement desire to amend and restate
the Existing Credit Agreement as herein set forth.

 C. To evidence the credit facility requested hereunder, the Borrower, the
Agent and the Banks have agreed that this Agreement is an amendment and
restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement, not a new or substitute credit
agreement or novation of the Existing Credit Agreement.

 Now, therefore, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS.

 1.1 CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the following meanings (unless otherwise indicated, such meanings to
be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms
defined):

 "ACCOUNT DEBTOR" means a Person who is obligated on a Receivable.

 "ACQUISITION" means the direct or indirect purchase or acquisition, whether
in one or more related transactions, of all or substantially all of the capital
stock of any Person or group of Persons or all or substantially all of the
assets, liabilities, and business of any Person or group of Persons.

 "ADJUSTED CAPITAL EXPENDITURES" means, for each measurement period,
 10,000,000.

 "ADJUSTED PRIME RATE" means, for any day, the fluctuating rate per annum of
interest equal to the greater of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day and
(b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50 .

 "ADVANCE" means a Revolving Credit Advance or a Swingline Advance.

"AFFILIATE" means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or
is under common control with, such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person. The
term "control" (including the terms "controlled by" or "under common control
with") means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through
ownership, by contract, or otherwise.

 "AGENT" means Bank of America in its capacity as an administrative agent
pursuant to Article 7 and any successor agent pursuant to Section 7.7.

 "AGENT FEE LETTER" means the confidential letter agreement dated as of
September 27, 2001, among the Borrower, Bank of America, N.A. and Banc of
America Securities LLC, regarding certain fees owed by the Borrower to Bank of
America, N.A. and Banc of America Securities LLC, in connection with this
Agreement.

 "AGREEMENT" means this Credit Agreement.

 "APPLICABLE LENDING OFFICE" means, with respect to each Bank and for any
particular type of transaction, the office of such Bank set forth in SCHEDULE I
to this Agreement (or in the applicable Assignment and Acceptance by which such
Bank joined this Agreement) as its applicable lending office for such type of
transaction or such other office of such Bank as such Bank may from time to time
specify in writing to the Borrower and the Agent for such particular type of
transaction.

 "APPLICABLE MARGIN" means, with respect to interest rates, letter of credit
fees, commitment fees, and leverage fees and as of any date of its
determination, an amount equal to the percentage amount per annum set forth in
the table below opposite the applicable ratio of (i) the consolidated Funded
Debt of the Borrower as of the end of the fiscal quarter then most recently
ended to (ii) the EBITDA of the Borrower for the four fiscal quarters then most
recently ended:

Debt to Applicable Margin Applicable Margin
 Ebitda Libor Tranches Prime Rate Tranches
 ------ -------------- -------------------
 
 LESS THAN .75 1.00 0.00 
 GREATER THAN OR EQUAL TO .75 but LESS THAN 1.00 1.125 0.00 
 GREATER THAN OR EQUAL TO 1.00 but LESS THAN 1.50 1.375 0.00 
 GREATER THAN OR EQUAL TO 1.50 but LESS THAN 2.00 1.625 0.125 
 GREATER THAN OR EQUAL TO 2.00 but LESS THAN 2.25 1.750 0.250 
 GREATER THAN OR EQUAL TO 2.25 2.00 0.50 
 
 Debt to Applicable Margin Applicable Margin
 Ebitda Letter of Credit Fees Commitment Fees
 ------ --------------------- ---------------
 
 LESS THAN .75 1.00 0.25 
 GREATER THAN OR EQUAL TO .75 but LESS THAN 1.00 1.125 0.25 
 GREATER THAN OR EQUAL TO 1.00 but LESS THAN 1.50 1.375 0.25 
 GREATER THAN OR EQUAL TO 1.50 but LESS THAN 2.00 1.625 0.3125 
 GREATER THAN OR EQUAL TO 2.00 but LESS THAN 2.25 1.750 0.3750 
 GREATER THAN OR EQUAL TO 2.25 2.00 0.50 

Until the delivery of the December 31, 2001 financial statements to the Agent
pursuant to Section 5.2(b), the Applicable Margin shall be: 1.250 for LIBOR
Tranches, 0.00 for Prime Rate Tranches, 1.250 for Letter of Credit Fees, and
0.25 for Commitment. Thereafter, the Agent shall determine the Applicable
Margin based upon the most recent financial statements dated as of the end of a
fiscal quarter delivered to the Agent pursuant to Section 5.2(b). If such
statements are delivered when required hereunder, any adjustment to the
Applicable Margin shall

 -2-

become effective on the date of delivery of such financial statements. Upon any
change in the Applicable Margin, the Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower
and the Banks of the new Applicable Margin. If such financial statements are not
delivered when required hereunder, the Applicable Margin shall increase to the
maximum percentage amount set forth in the table above from such 45th day until
three days after such financial statements are received by the Agent; PROVIDED
that such increase shall not limit the Agent's capacity to declare a default
under this Agreement.

 "ASSET SALE" means any sale, lease, sale and leaseback, assignment,
conveyance, transfer or other disposition of the assets or the capital stock of
any Subsidiary (excluding the disposition of the capital stock of Tetra
Micronutrients, Inc. or any of its assets or the capital stock of Damp Rid, Inc.
or any of its assets) that yields gross proceeds to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries (valued at the initial principal amount thereof in the case of
non-cash proceeds consisting of notes or other debt securities and valued at
fair market value in the case of other non-cash proceeds) in excess of
 5,000,000.

 "ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE" means an Assignment and Acceptance in
substantially the form of EXHIBIT E executed by an assignor Bank, an assignee
Bank, and the Agent, in accordance with Section 8.5.

 "BANK OF AMERICA" means Bank of America, N.A., in its individual capacity.

 "BANKS" means the lenders listed as Banks on the signature pages of this
Agreement and each Eligible Assignee that shall become a party to this Agreement
pursuant to Section 8.5(b).

 "BORROWER" means TETRA Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

 "BORROWER ACCOUNT" means the principal operating account of Borrower with
the Agent or any other account of Borrower with the Agent which is designated as
Borrower's "Borrower Account" in writing by the Borrower to the Agent.

 "BORROWING" means any Revolving Credit Borrowing.

 "BORROWING REQUEST" means a Borrowing Request in substantially the form of
EXHIBIT B executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and delivered to the
Agent.

 "BUSINESS DAY" means any Monday through Friday during which commercial
banks are open for business in Houston, Texas, and Dallas, Texas, and, if the
applicable Business Day relates to any LIBOR Tranche, on which dealings are
carried on in the London interbank market.

 "CAPITAL EXPENDITURES" means, with respect to any Person and with respect
to any period of its determination, the consolidated expenditures of such Person
during such period that are required to be included in or are reflected by the
consolidated property, plant, or equipment accounts of such Person, or any
similar fixed asset or long term capitalized asset accounts of such Person, on
the consolidated balance sheet of such Person in conformity with GAAP, PROVIDED,
that Capital Expenditures shall not include expenditures deemed to occur in
connection with Permitted Acquisitions.

 -3-

"CAPITAL LEASES" means, with respect to any Person, any lease of any
property by such Person which would, in accordance with GAAP, be required to be
classified and accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of such
Person.

 "CHANGE OF CONTROL" means, with respect to the Borrower, the direct or
indirect acquisition after the date hereof by any Person or related Persons
constituting a group of (a) beneficial ownership of issued and outstanding
shares of Voting Securities of the Borrower, the result of which acquisition is
that such Person or such group possesses 30 or more of the combined voting
power of all then-issued and outstanding Voting Securities of the Borrower, or
(b) the power to elect, appoint, or cause the election or appointment of at
least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Borrower;
provided, however, that the Borrower effects a reorganization pursuant to
Section 251(g) of the Delaware General Corporate Law, whereby, among other
things, its Voting Securities become owned by a holding company, such event
shall not constitute a "Change of Control."

 "CLOSING DATE" means December 17, 2001.

 "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any
successor statute.

 "COLLATERAL" means any property of the Credit Parties subject to a Lien in
favor of the Agent securing the Credit Obligations.

 "COMMONLY CONTROLLED ENTITY" means, with respect to any Person, any other
Person which is under common control with such Person within the meaning of
Section 414 of the Code.

 "COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE" means a compliance certificate executed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower in substantially the form of EXHIBIT A.

 "CONTINUATION/CONVERSION REQUEST" means a Continuation/Conversion Request
in substantially the form of EXHIBIT C executed by a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower and delivered to the Agent.

 "CREDIT DOCUMENTS" means this Agreement, the Notes, the Agent Fee Letter,
the Letter of Credit Documents, the Guaranty, the Security Documents, Derivative
with a Bank or an Affiliate of a Bank, the Interest Hedge Agreements, and each
other agreement, instrument, or document executed at any time in connection with
this Agreement.

 "CREDIT OBLIGATIONS" means all principal, interest, fees, reimbursements,
indemnifications, and other amounts now or hereafter owed by the Borrower to the
Agent and the Banks (or with respect to Derivatives, including Interest Hedge
Agreements, any Affiliates of the Banks) under this Agreement, the Notes, the
Letter of Credit Documents, and the other Credit Documents and any increases,
extensions, and rearrangements of those obligations under any amendments,
supplements, and other modifications of the documents and agreements creating
those obligations.

 "CREDIT PARTIES" means the Borrower and the Guarantors.

 -4-

"DEBT" means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) the
Credit Obligations, (b) indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (c)
obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other
similar instruments, (d) obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase
price of property or services (other than trade debt and normal operating
liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business), (e) obligations of
such Person as lessee under Capital Leases, (f) obligations of such Person under
or relating to letters of credit, guaranties, purchase agreements, or other
creditor assurances assuring a creditor against loss in respect of indebtedness
or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (b) through (e) of
this definition, and (g) nonrecourse indebtedness or obligations of others of
the kinds referred to in clauses (b) through (f) of this definition secured by
any Lien on or in respect of any property of such Person. For the purposes of
determining the amount of any Debt, the amount of any Debt described in clause
(f) of the definition of Debt shall be valued at the maximum amount of the
contingent liability thereunder and the amount of any Debt described in clause
(g) that is not covered by clause (f) shall be valued at the lesser of the
amount of the Debt secured or the book value of the property securing such Debt.

 "DEBT SERVICE" means, with respect to any Person and for any period of its
determination, (a) the interest expense of such Person for such period,
including interest expense allocable to Capital Leases, plus (b) the scheduled
and required principal payments of Debt of such Person for such period,
including scheduled principal payments allocable to Capital Leases and, with
repect to the Borrower, excluding 15 of the principal of the Revolving Credit
Loans referenced in subpart (a) of the definition of "Fixed Charges."

 "DEFAULT" means (a) an Event of Default or (b) any event or condition which
with notice or lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an
Event of Default.

 "DEFAULT RATE" means, with respect to any amount due hereunder, a per annum
interest rate equal to (a) if such amount is either outstanding principal
accruing interest based upon a rate established elsewhere in this Agreement or
accrued but unpaid interest thereon, the sum of (i) the interest rate
established elsewhere in this Agreement from time to time for such principal
amount, including any applicable margin, plus (ii) 2.00 per annum or (b) in all
other cases, the Adjusted Prime Rate in effect from time to time plus the
Applicable Margin for Prime Rate Tranches in effect from time to time plus 2.00 
per annum.

 "DERIVATIVES" means any swap, hedge, cap, collar, or similar arrangement
providing for the exchange of risks related to foreign exchanges or price
changes in any commodity, including money.

 "DIVIDEND PAYMENTS" means, with respect to any Person and for any period of
its determination, any cash dividends or distributions paid by such Person on
the common, preferred, or other capital stock or equity interest of such Person
during such period plus any amounts paid by such Person for the purchase,
redemption, retirement, or other acquisition of such Person's capital stock
during such period.

 "DOLLARS OR " means lawful money of the United States of America.

 -5-

"EBITDA" means, with respect to any Person and for any period of its
determination, the consolidated net income of such Person for such period
(exclusive of any extraordinary gains), plus the consolidated interest expense,
income taxes, and depreciation, depletion and amortization of such Person for
such period.

 "ELIGIBLE ASSIGNEE" means, with respect to any assignment hereunder at the
time of such assignment, any commercial bank organized under the laws of the
United States or any of the countries parties to the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development or any political subdivision of any thereof which
has primary capital (or its equivalent) of not less than 250,000,000, and which
is approved by the Agent and (provided that no Default or Event of Default
exists) the Borrower, such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld.

 "ENVIRONMENTAL LAW" means all federal, state, and local laws, rules,
regulations, ordinances, orders, decisions, agreements, and other requirements
now or hereafter in effect relating to the pollution, destruction, loss, or
injury of the environment, the presence of any contaminant in the environment,
the protection, cleanup, remediation, or restoration of the environment, the
creation, handling, transportation, use, or disposal of any waste product in the
environment, exposure of Persons to any contaminant, waste, or hazardous
substance in the environment, and the health and safety of employees in relation
to their environment.

 "EQUITY ISSUANCE" means any issuance of equity securities (including any
preferred equity securities) by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries other
than (a) equity securities issued to the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries;
(b) equity securities issued pursuant to employee benefit or dividend
reinvestment plans in the ordinary course of business; and (c) equity securities
issued as consideration in connection with any investment by the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries in any other Person pursuant to which such Person shall
become a Subsidiary or shall be merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries.

 "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended.

 "EVENT OF DEFAULT" has the meaning specified in Section 6.1.

 "EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT" has the meaning set forth in the introduction
to this Agreement.

 "EXISTING LETTERS OF CREDIT" means the standby letters of credit issued by
any Issuing Bank for the account of the Borrower prior to the date of this
Agreement which are listed in the attached SCHEDULE II.

 "EXPIRATION DATE" means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the date on
which such Letter of Credit will expire or terminate in accordance with its
terms.

 "FEDERAL FUNDS RATE" means, for any period, a fluctuating per annum
interest rate equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of
the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal
Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or,
if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any
day

 -6-

which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for any such day on
such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal funds brokers of
recognized standing selected by it.

 "FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System or any of its successors.

 "FIXED CHARGES" means with respect to any Person and for any period of its
determination, the sum of (a) 15 of the average daily outstanding balance of
the Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Advances for the quarter ending on the
last day of such period PLUS (b) without duplication, the consolidated Debt
Service of such Person for such period.

 "FUNDED DEBT" means, with respect to any Person, the Debt of such Person,
limited, however, to the type of Debt described in subparts (a), (b), (c), (d)
and (e) of the definition thereof and reimbursement obligations respecting
letters of credit.

 "GAAP" means United States generally accepted accounting principles as in
effect from time to time, applied on a basis consistent with the requirements of
Section 1.3.

 "GUARANTOR" means (a) the Subsidiaries of the Borrower listed in SCHEDULE
II that have executed the Guaranty, and (b) any future Subsidiaries of the
Borrower that join the Guaranty pursuant to Section 5.19.

 "GUARANTY" means the Guaranty dated as of May 12, 2000, made on and after
the date of this Agreement by certain Subsidiaries of the Borrower in favor of
the Agent guaranteeing the Credit Obligations.

 "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS" means any substance or material identified as a
hazardous substance pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended and as now or hereafter in
effect; any substance or material regulated as a hazardous waste pursuant to the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended and as now or
hereafter in effect; and any substance or material designated as a hazardous
substance or hazardous waste pursuant to any other Environmental Law.

 "HIGHEST LAWFUL RATE" means the maximum lawful interest rate, if any, that
at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, charged, or received
under the laws applicable to the relevant Bank which are presently in effect or,
to the extent allowed by law, under such applicable laws which may hereafter be
in effect and which allow a higher maximum nonusurious interest rate than
applicable laws now allow. The "Highest Lawful Rate" under this Agreement shall
be the indicated rate ceiling under Section 303,305(b) of the Texas Finance
Code, any other lawful rate ceiling exceeds the rate ceiling so determined, and
then the higher rate ceiling shall apply.

 "INTANGIBLE ASSETS" means, with respect to any Person and as of any date of
its determination, the goodwill, patents, trade names, trade marks, copyrights,
franchises, experimental expense, organization expense, unamortized debt
discount and expense, the excess of cost of shares acquired over book value of
related assets, and such other assets of such Person as are properly classified
as "intangible assets" in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and booked on the balance sheet of such Person.

 -7-

"INTEREST HEDGE AGREEMENTS" means any swap, hedge, cap, collar, or similar
arrangement between the Borrower and any Bank (or any Affiliate of any Bank)
providing for the exchange of risks related to price changes in the interest
rate on the Advances under this Agreement.

 "INTEREST PERIOD" means, with respect to each LIBOR Tranche, the period
commencing on the date of such LIBOR Tranche and ending on the last day of the
period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The duration
of each such Interest Period shall be one, two, three, or six months, in each
case as the Borrower may select in the applicable Borrowing Request or
Continuation/Conversion Request (unless there shall exist any Default or Event
of Default, in which case the Borrower may only select one month Interest
Periods); provided, however, that:

 (a) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a
day other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be
extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day; provided that if such
extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next
following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on
the next preceding Business Day;

 (b) any Interest Period which begins on the last Business Day of the
calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day
in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last
Business Day of the calendar month in which it would have ended if there were a
numerically corresponding day in such calendar month; and

 (c) the Borrower may not select an Interest Period for any LIBOR Tranche
which ends after any date when outstanding principal amounts of any Revolving
Credit Loan must be repaid unless, after giving effect to such selection, the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of Prime Rate Tranches under such
Revolving Credit Loan and LIBOR Tranches under such Revolving Credit Loan having
Interest Periods which end on or before such repayment date shall be equal to or
greater than the principal amount due and payable on such date (and therefore in
no event shall any Interest Period for any LIBOR Tranche extend beyond the
applicable maturity date).

 "INITIAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" means the financial statements of the
Borrower referred to in Section 4.7(a).

 "INVENTORY" means and includes, as to any Person, all of such Person's then
owned or existing and future acquired or arising (a) goods intended for sale or
lease or for display or demonstration, (b) work in process, and (c) raw
materials and other materials and supplies of every nature and description used
or which might be used in connection with the manufacture, packing, shipping,
advertising, selling, leasing or furnishing of goods or otherwise used or
consumed in the conduct of business.

 "ISSUING BANK" means Bank of America, any Bank which agrees at the request
of the Borrower to act as an issuer of a Letter of Credit hereunder, or any Bank
acting as a successor issuing bank pursuant to Section 7.7.

 -8-

"LETTER OF CREDIT" means any commercial or standby letter of credit issued
by any Issuing Bank for the account of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, including the Existing Letters of Credit.

 "LETTER OF CREDIT APPLICATION" means an Issuing Bank's standard form letter
of credit application for either a commercial or standby letter of credit, as
the case may be, which has been executed by a Borrower and accepted by such
Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of a Letter of Credit.

 "LETTER OF CREDIT APPLICATION AMENDMENT" means an Issuing Bank's standard
form application to amend a letter of credit for either a commercial or standby
letter of credit, as the case may be, which has been executed by a Borrower and
accepted by such Issuing Bank in connection with the increase or extension of a
Letter of Credit.

 "LETTER OF CREDIT COLLATERAL ACCOUNT" means a special cash collateral
account pledged to the Agent containing cash deposited pursuant to Section 6.4
to be maintained with the Agent in accordance with Section 2.3(f).

 "LETTER OF CREDIT DOCUMENTS" means all Letters of Credit, Letter of Credit
Applications, Letter of Credit Application Amendments, and agreements,
documents, and instruments entered into in connection with or relating thereto.

 "LETTER OF CREDIT EXPOSURE" means, as of any date of its determination, the
aggregate outstanding undrawn amount of Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of
the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower under the Letter of Credit
Applications and this Agreement.

 "LETTER OF CREDIT SUBLIMIT" means 15,000,000.

 "LIBOR" means, for any LIBOR Tranche for any Interest Period therefor, the
rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100 of 1 appearing on Telerate Page 3750 (or any successor page) as the London interbank
offered rate for deposits in Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time)
two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period for a term
comparable to such Interest Period. If for any reason such rate is not
available, the term "LIBOR" shall mean, for any LIBOR Tranche for any Interest
Period therefor, the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the
nearest 1/100 of 1 appearing on Reuters Screen LIBO Page as the London
interbank offered rate for deposits in Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m.
(London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period
for a term comparable to such Interest Period; provided, however, if more than
one rate is specified on Reuters Screen LIBO Page, the applicable rate shall be
the arithmetic mean of all such rates.

 "LIBOR TRANCHE" shall mean any Tranche which bears interest based upon the
LIBOR, as determined in accordance with Section 2.5.

 "LIEN" means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, deed of trust, security
interest, encumbrance, or other type of preferential arrangement to secure or
provide for the payment of any obligation of any Person, whether arising by
contract, operation of law, or otherwise (including any title retention for such
purposes under any conditional sale agreement, any Capital Lease, or any other
title transfer or retention agreement).

 -9-

"MAJORITY BANKS" means, at any time, Banks holding more than 50 of the
then aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that if the Revolving
Credit Commitments have terminated, "Majority Banks" shall mean Banks having
more than 50 of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Credit
Advances and Letter of Credit Exposure at such time.

 "MANDATORY REVOLVING BORROWING" means a Revolving Credit Borrowing
comprised of Prime Rate Tranche made to repay a Swingline Advance.

 "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means any material and adverse change in or
effect on (a) the consolidated assets, liabilities, financial condition,
business, operations, affairs, or circumstances of the Borrower from those
reflected in the most recent financial statements furnished by the Borrower
pursuant to Section 5.2(a) or from the facts represented or warranted in this
Agreement or any other Credit Document, or (b) the ability of the Borrower to
carry out its business or to meet its obligations under the Notes, this
Agreement, or any other Credit Document to which it is a party on a timely
basis.

 "MEXICAN PLEDGE AGREEMENTS" means the Pledge Agreements dated as of August
31, 1997, as amended as of the date hereof, made by each of Tetra International,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, TETRA Agricultural Products, Inc., a Texas
corporation, now named TETRA Micronutrients, Inc. and the Borrower in favor of
the Agent, pledging the stock of the Mexican Subsidiaries of such Pledgors as
security for the Credit Obligations.

 "MINIMUM BORROWING AMOUNT" means, with respect to any Borrowing,
 1,000,000.

 "MINIMUM BORROWING MULTIPLE" means 500,000.

 "MINIMUM TRANCHE AMOUNT" means, with respect to any Tranche, 1,000,000.

 "MINIMUM TRANCHE MULTIPLE" means 500,000.

 "NET CASH PROCEEDS" means:

 (a) with respect to any sale, transfer, or other disposition, including any
Asset Sale, of any of the Property of any Credit Party (including the sale or
transfer of stock or other equity interest by such Credit Party and property
insurance proceeds), all cash and investments described in clauses (e) through
(h) of the definition of Permitted Investments received by any Credit Party from
such sale, transfer, or other disposition after, without duplication, (i)
payment of, or provision for, all brokerage commissions, legal fees, accounting
fees, and other reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses actually incurred;
(ii) payment of, or provision for, taxes payable as a result of such
disposition, (iii) payment of any outstanding obligations relating to such
Property paid in connection with any such sale, transfer, or other disposition;
and (iv) recording of the amount of reserves required in accordance with GAAP
for indemnity or similar obligations of the Credit Parties directly related to
such sale, transfer, or other disposition and

 (b) with respect to the issuance of any Equity Issuance, all cash received
by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from such Equity Issuance after
payment of or deduction for

 -10-

(i) all underwriter's or placement agent's discounts and fees and (ii)
reasonable legal, accounting, and other fees and expenses of the Borrower or
such Subsidiary incurred in connection with the issuance of any such securities.

 "NET WORTH" means, with respect to any Person and as of any date of its
determination, the excess of (a) the assets of such Person over (b) the
liabilities of such Person, and with respect to the Borrower, as recorded on the
Borrower's balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP.

 "NEW BANK AGREEMENT" means an agreement entered into by an Eligible
Assignee, the Borrower, and the Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1.

 "NOTE" means a Revolving Credit Note or a Swingline Note.

 "PBGC" means Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or its successor.

 "PERMITTED ACQUISITION" means an Acquisition made in compliance with
Section 5.9.

 "PERMITTED DEBT" means all of the following Debt:

 (a) Debt outstanding under the Credit Documents;

 (b) Debt in the form of borrowed money set forth in the Initial Financial
Statements and in SCHEDULE II hereto and any extensions, renewals, or
replacements of the foregoing which do not increase the outstanding principal
amount thereof at the time of such extension, renewal, or replacement;

 (c) Debt in the form of (i) purchase money indebtedness, including
indebtedness incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, and (ii)
Capital Leases, in each case arising in the ordinary course of business and any
extensions, renewals, or replacements of either of the foregoing; PROVIDED that
such Debt does not exceed an aggregate outstanding amount equal to 20,000,000;

 (d) 50,000,000 of unsecured senior notes issued on terms acceptable to the
Agent after the date hereof;

 (e) Debt assumed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition; and

 (f) Debt in the form of loans and advances made by the Borrower and
Subsidiaries of the Borrower to Subsidiaries of the Borrower to the extent
permitted by Section 5.13.

If any Debt qualifies for more than one of the foregoing clauses, the Borrower
may in its discretion allocate such Debt to any clause for which such Debt
qualifies.

 "PERMITTED INVESTMENTS" means all of the following investments:

 -11-

(a) advances to or investments in Subsidiaries of the Borrower that hold
substantially all of their assets in the United States and are Guarantors,
including such investments occurring in connection with Permitted Acquisitions;

 (b) Permitted Acquisitions;

 (c) investments in Persons (other than those described in clause (a) above)
PROVIDED that the aggregate outstanding amount of all such investments at any
time shall not exceed 15 of the Borrower's consolidated Net Worth as of the end
of the fiscal quarter most recently ended, including, investments occurring in
connection with Permitted Acquisitions;

 (d) investments set forth in SCHEDULE II hereto;

 (e) investments in the form of loans, guaranties, open accounts, and other
extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business;

 (f) investments in commercial paper and bankers' acceptances maturing in
twelve months or less from the date of issuance and which, at the time of
acquisition are rated A-2 or better by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group, a
division of McGraw-Hill, Inc., and P-2 or better by Moody's Investors Service,
Inc;

 (g) investments in direct obligations of the United States, or investments
in any Person which investments are guaranteed by the full faith and credit of
the United States, in either case maturing in twelve months or less from the
date of acquisition thereof;

 (h) investments in time deposits or certificates of deposit maturing within
one year from the date such investment is made, issued by a bank or trust
company organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof
having capital, surplus, and undivided profits aggregating at least 250,000,000
or a foreign branch thereof and whose long-term certificates of deposit are, at
the time of acquisition thereof, rated A-2 by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group, a
division of McGraw-Hill, Inc., or Prime-2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc.;
and

 (i) investments in money market funds holding only obligations of the types
described in clauses (e)-(g) above and repurchase agreements having a term of
less than one year that are fully collateralized by obligations of the type
described in clauses (e)-(g) above provided that such repurchase agreements are
entered into with banks or trust companies described in clause (g).

In valuing any investments for the purpose of applying the limitations set forth
in this Agreement, the amount of such investments shall be determined from the
consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower.

 "PERMITTED LIENS" means all of the following Liens:

 (a) Liens securing the Credit Obligations;

 (b) Liens described in SCHEDULE II attached hereto provided that no such
Lien is spread to cover any additional property or indebtedness;

 -12-

(c) Liens covering Property other than accounts receivable or inventory (as
such terms are defined in the Texas Uniform Commercial Code) of any Restricted
Entity, securing purchase money debt permitted under clause (c) of the
definition of Permitted Debt, including Liens on such Property acquired in
connection with a Permitted Acquisition, provided that no such Lien is spread to
cover any such Property not purchased or leased in connection with the
incurrence of such Debt; and

 (d) Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not incurred
in connection with the borrowing of money or the obtaining of advances or credit
and which do not materially detract from the value of the assets of any
Restricted Entity or materially interfere with the business of any Restricted
Entity, including to the extent they meet the foregoing requirements, (i) Liens
for taxes, assessments, or other governmental charges or levies; (ii) Liens in
connection with worker's compensation, unemployment insurance, or other social
security, old age pension, or public liability obligations; (iii) Liens in the
form of legal or equitable encumbrances deemed to exist by reason of negative
pledge covenants and other covenants or undertakings of like nature; (iv) Liens
in the form of landlords', vendors', carriers', warehousemen's, repairmen's,
mechanics', workmen's, materialmen's, construction, or other like Liens arising
by operation of law in the ordinary course of business or incident to the
construction or improvement of any property; and (v) Liens in the form of zoning
restrictions, easements, licenses, and other restrictions on the use of real
property or minor irregularities in title thereto which do not materially impair
the use of such property in the operation of the business of any Restricted
Entity or the value of such property.

 "PERMITTED SALE" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.9(d) of
this Agreement.

 "PERSON" means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a
business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint
venture, or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency
thereof, or any trustee, receiver, custodian, or similar official.

 "PLAN" means any (a) employee medical benefit plan under Section 3(1) of
ERISA, (b) employee pension benefit plan under Section 3(2) of ERISA, (c)
multiemployer plan under Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, and (d) employee account
benefit plan under Section 3(2) of ERISA.

 "PLEDGE AGREEMENTS" means the U.S. Pledge Agreements, the Mexican Pledge
Agreements and the U.K. Pledge Agreements, together with any Pledge Agreements
made by any Restricted Entity under Section 5.22 with respect to the stock of
certain future Subsidiaries of the Restricted Entities which are not Guarantors.

 "PLEDGORS" means Tetra International Incorporated, a Delaware corporation,
TETRA Micronutrients, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the Borrower, together
with any other Restricted Entity that executes a Pledge Agreement under Section
5.22.

 -13-

"PRIME RATE" means, for any day, the fluctuating per annum interest rate in
effect on such day equal to the rate of interest publicly announced by the Agent
as its prime rate, whether or not the Borrower has notice thereof.

 "PRIME RATE TRANCHE" shall mean any Tranche which bears interest based upon
the Adjusted Prime Rate, as determined in accordance with Section 2.5.

 "PROHIBITED TRANSACTION" means any transaction set forth in Section 406 of
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

 "PROPERTY" of any Person means any property or assets (whether real,
personal, or mixed, tangible or intangible) of such Person.

 "RATABLE SHARE" OR "PRO RATA SHARE" means, at any time with respect to any
Bank, either (a) the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of such Bank's Revolving
Credit Commitments at such time to the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments at
such time or (b) if the Revolving Credit Commitments have been terminated, the
ratio (expressed as a percentage) of such Bank's aggregate outstanding Advances
and Letter of Credit Exposure at such time to the aggregate outstanding Advances
and Letter of Credit Exposure of all the Banks at such time.

 "RECEIVABLES" means and includes, as to any Person, all of such Person's
then owned or existing and future acquired or arising (a) accounts, (b) chattel
paper (including, without limitation, installment sales contracts and personal
property leases), (c) contract rights, (d) rights to the payment of money or
other forms of consideration of any kind including, but not limited to, letters
of credit and the right to receive payment thereunder, tax refunds, insurance
proceeds, notes, drafts, instruments, documents, acceptances and all other
debts, obligations and liabilities in whatever form from any Person and
guaranties, security and Liens securing payment thereof, and (e) cash and
non-cash proceeds of any of the foregoing.

 "RELATED PARTIES" means, with respect to any Person, such Person's
stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates, successors,
and assigns, and their respective stockholders, directors, officers, employees,
and agents, and, with respect to any Person that is an individual, such Person's
family relations and heirs.

 "REPORTABLE EVENT" means any of the events set forth in Section 4043 of
ERISA.

 "RESPONSIBLE OFFICER" means, with respect to any Person, such Person's
Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary,
Treasurer, or any other officer of such Person designated by any of the
foregoing in writing from time to time.

 "RESTRICTED ENTITIES" means the Borrower and each Subsidiary of the
Borrower.

 "REVOLVING CREDIT ADVANCE" means an advance of principal made by a Bank
under any Revolving Credit Borrowing.

 "REVOLVING CREDIT BORROWING" means any aggregate amount of principal
advanced on the same day and pursuant to the same Borrowing Request under the
revolving credit facility created in Section 2.1.

 -14-

"REVOLVING CREDIT COMMITMENT" means, for any Bank, the amount set forth
below such Bank's name on the signature pages of this Agreement as its Revolving
Credit Commitment, or if such Bank has entered into any Assignment and
Acceptance since the date of this Agreement, as set forth for such Bank as its
Revolving Credit Commitment in the Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to
Section 8.5(c), in each case, as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section
2.1(b) or terminated pursuant to Section 6.2, or increased pursuant to Section
2.12.

 "REVOLVING CREDIT COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT" means an agreement entered
into by a Bank, the Borrower, and the Agent, substantially in the form of
Exhibit H-2.

 "REVOLVING CREDIT LOAN" means the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
the Revolving Credit Borrowings.

 "REVOLVING CREDIT MATURITY DATE" means December 14, 2004.

 "REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE" means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to
the order of a Bank, in substantially the form of EXHIBIT D-1, evidencing the
indebtedness of the Borrower to such Bank resulting from Revolving Credit
Advances made by such Bank to the Borrower.

 "SECURITY AGREEMENTS" means (a) the Amended and Restated Security Agreement
dated as of December 14, 2001 made by the Borrower in favor of the Agent
granting the Agent a security interest in certain personal property of the
Borrower to secure the Credit Obligations; (b) the Amended and Restated Security
Agreement dated as of December 14, 2001 made by the Borrower's domestic
Subsidiaries in favor of the Agent granting the Agent a security interest in
certain personal property of such Subsidiaries to secure the Credit Obligations;
and (c) any other security agreement or similar instrument granting the Agent a
security interest in the personal property of a Credit Party to secure the
Credit Obligations.

 "SECURITY DOCUMENTS" means the Pledge Agreements, the Security Agreements
and any other document creating, perfecting, publishing notice of, or consenting
to Liens in favor of the Agent securing the Credit Obligations.

 "SUBSIDIARY" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person, a
majority of whose outstanding Voting Securities (other than directors'
qualifying shares) shall at any time be owned by such Person or one or more
Subsidiaries of such person.

 "SWINGLINE ADVANCE" means an advance made available to the Borrower by the
Swingline Bank pursuant to Section 2.2(c).

 "SWINGLINE BANK" means Bank of America or any other Bank as a successor
Swingline Bank.

 "SWINGLINE COMMITMENT" means the obligation of the Swingline Bank to make
Swingline Advances up to a maximum principal amount of 5,000,000.00 at any time
outstanding.

 "SWINGLINE NOTE" means a promissory note in substantially the form of the
attached EXHIBIT D-2 duly executed by the Borrower and payable to the order of
the Swingline Bank evidencing the obligation of the Borrower to repay the
Swingline Advances.

 -15-

"SYNDICATION AGENT" means Bank One, NA.

 "TANGIBLE NET WORTH" means, with respect to any Person and as of any date
of its determination, the Net Worth of such Person less the Intangible Assets of
such Person.

 "TOTAL ACQUISITION CONSIDERATION" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.5(e).

 "TRANCHE" means any tranche of principal outstanding under a Revolving
Credit Loan accruing interest on the same basis whether created in connection
with new advances of principal under such Revolving Credit Loan or by the
continuation or conversion of existing tranches of principal under such
Revolving Credit Loan and shall include any Prime Rate Tranche and any LIBOR
Tranche.

 "TYPE" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4.

 "U.K. PLEDGE AGREEMENTS" means the Deeds of Charge Over Shares to be dated
as of October 15, 1997, as amended as of the date hereof, made by each of TETRA
International Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, and the Borrower in favor of
the Agent, pledging the stock of the Subsidiaries of such Pledgors which are not
Guarantors as security for the Credit Obligations.

 "U.S. PLEDGE AGREEMENTS" means (a) the Pledge Agreement dated as of May 12,
2000, as amended as of the date hereof, made by the Borrower pledging the equity
interests of its domestic Subsidiaries as security for the Credit Obligations;
(b) the Pledge Agreement dated as of May 12, 2000, amended as of the date
hereof, made by certain domestic Subsidiaries of the Borrower, pledging the
equity interests of their respective domestic Subsidiaries as security for the
Credit Obligations; and (c) any other pledge agreement or similar instrument
granting the Agent a security interest in the Borrower's domestic Subsidiaries
to secure the Credit Obligations.

 "VOTING SECURITIES" means (a) with respect to any corporation, any capital
stock of the corporation having general voting power under ordinary
circumstances to elect directors of such corporation, (b) with respect to any
partnership, any partnership interest having general voting power under ordinary
circumstances to elect the general partner or other management of the
partnership, and (c) with respect to any other Person, such ownership interests
in such Person having general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect
the management of such Person, in each case irrespective of whether at the time
any other class of stock, partnership interests, or other ownership interest
might have special voting power or rights by reason of the happening of any
contingency.

 1.2 COMPUTATION OF TIME PERIODS. In this Agreement in the computation of
periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from"
means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each means "to but
excluding."

 -16-

1.3 ACCOUNTING TERMS; PREPARATION OF FINANCIALS.

 (a) All accounting terms, definitions, ratios, and other tests described
herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis
with those applied in the preparation of the Initial Financial Statements,
except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

 (b) The Restricted Entities shall prepare their financial statements in
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis with those applied in the
preparation of the Initial Financial Statements, unless otherwise approved in
writing by the Agent.

 1.4 TYPES. The "Type" of a Tranche refers to the determination whether such
tranche is a LIBOR Tranche or a Prime Rate Tranche.

 1.5 INTERPRETATION. Article, Section, Schedule, and Exhibit references are
to this Agreement, unless otherwise specified. All references to instruments,
documents, contracts, and agreements are references to such instruments,
documents, contracts, and agreements as the same may be amended, supplemented,
and otherwise modified from time to time, unless otherwise specified. The word
"including" shall mean "including but not limited to." Whenever the Borrower has
an obligation under this Agreement and the Credit Documents the expense of
complying with that obligation shall be an expense of the Borrower unless
otherwise specified. Whenever any determination is to be made by the Agent or
any Bank, such determination shall be in such Person's sole discretion unless
otherwise specified in this Agreement. If any provision in this Agreement and
the Credit Documents is held to be illegal, invalid, not binding, or
unenforceable, such provision shall be fully severable and this Agreement and
the Credit Documents shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal,
invalid, not binding, or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part of
this Agreement and the Credit Documents, and the remaining provisions shall
remain in full force and effect. This Agreement and the Credit Documents have
been reviewed and negotiated by sophisticated parties with access to legal
counsel and shall not be construed against the drafter. In the event of a
conflict between this Agreement and any other Credit Documents, this Agreement
shall control.

ARTICLE 2. CREDIT FACILITIES.

 2.1 REVOLVING CREDIT LOAN FACILITY.

 (a) REVOLVING CREDIT COMMITMENT. Each Bank severally agrees, on the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and for the purposes set forth in
Section 5.4, to make Revolving Credit Advances to the Borrower at such Bank's
ratable share of Revolving Credit Borrowings requested by the Borrower from time
to time on any Business Day during the period from the date of this Agreement
until the Revolving Credit Maturity Date provided that the outstanding principal
amount of Revolving Credit Advances made by such Bank plus such Bank's ratable
share of the Letter of Credit Exposure shall not exceed such Bank's Revolving
Credit Commitment. Revolving Credit Borrowings must be made in an amount equal
to or greater than the applicable Minimum Borrowing Amount and be made in
multiples of the Minimum Borrowing Multiple. Within the limits expressed in this
Agreement, the Borrower may from time to time borrow, prepay, and reborrow
Revolving Credit Borrowings. The

 -17-

indebtedness of the Borrower to the Banks resulting from the Revolving Credit
Advances made by the Banks shall be evidenced by Revolving Credit Notes made by
the Borrower.

 (b) REDUCTION OF COMMITMENTS. The Borrower shall have the right, upon at
least 10 days' irrevocable written notice to the Agent, to terminate in whole or
reduce the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Commitments (such reductions
to be apportioned ratably among each Bank's Revolving Credit Commitment);
PROVIDED that each partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount of
 5,000,000 or in integral multiples of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Any such
reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be irrevocable, and amounts
by which the Revolving Credit Commitments are reduced hereunder shall not be
available for Advances following such reduction. Upon reduction of the Revolving
Credit Commitments under this paragraph, the commitment fee provided for in
Section 2.4(b) shall thereafter be computed on the basis of the Revolving Credit
Commitments, as so reduced. All Advances outstanding on the date of any
reduction in the Revolving Credit Commitments are subject to prepayment in
accordance with Section 2.1(d)(ii) below.

 (c) METHOD OF ADVANCING. Each Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be made
pursuant to a Borrowing Request given by the Borrower to the Agent in writing or
by telecopy not later than the time required pursuant to Section 2.5(a) to
select the interest rate basis for the Revolving Credit Borrowing. Each
Borrowing Request shall be fully completed and shall specify the information
required therein, and shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.

 (d) PREPAYMENT; MANDATORY COMMITMENT REDUCTION.

 (i) The Borrower may prepay the outstanding principal amount of the
 Revolving Credit Loan pursuant to written notice given by the Borrower to
 the Agent in writing or by telecopy not later than 11:00 a.m. (Dallas,
 Texas time) (A) on the third Business Day before the date of the proposed
 prepayment, in the case of the prepayment of any portion of the Revolving
 Credit Loan which is comprised of LIBOR Tranches, or (B) on the same
 Business Day of the proposed prepayment, in the case of the prepayment of
 any portion of the Revolving Credit Loan comprised solely of Prime Rate
 Tranches. Each such notice shall specify the principal amount and the
 Tranches of the Revolving Credit Loan which shall be prepaid, the date of
 the prepayment, and shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.
 Prepayments of the Revolving Credit Loan shall be made in integral
 multiples of the Minimum Borrowing Multiple. If the prepayment would cause
 the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any LIBOR Tranche comprising
 the Revolving Credit Loan or the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
 all Prime Rate Tranches comprising the Revolving Credit Loan, to be less
 than the Minimum Tranche Amount, the prepayment must be in an amount equal
 to the entire outstanding principal amount of such LIBOR Tranche under the
 Revolving Credit Loan or the entire outstanding principal amount of all
 such Prime Rate Tranches under the Revolving Credit Loan, as the case may
 be. Upon receipt of any notice of prepayment, the Agent shall give prompt
 notice of the intended prepayment to the Banks. For each such notice given
 by the Borrower, the Borrower shall prepay the Revolving Credit Loan in the
 specified amount on the specified date as set forth in such notice. The
 Borrower shall have no right to prepay any principal amount of the
 Revolving Credit Loan except as provided in this Section 2.1(d)(i).

 -18-

(ii) If the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving
 Credit Loan PLUS the Swingline Advances PLUS the Letter of Credit Exposure
 ever exceeds the Revolving Credit Commitment, the Borrower shall, to the
 extent of such excess, immediately (A) prepay to the Swingline Bank the
 outstanding Swingline Advances; (B) if the Swingline Advances have been
 repaid in full, prepay to the Agent for the ratable benefit of the Banks
 the outstanding principal of the Revolving Credit Loan; and (C) if the
 Revolving Credit Loan has been repaid in full, make deposits into the
 Letter of Credit Collateral Account to provide cash collateral for the
 Letter of Credit Exposure, such that such excess is eliminated.

 (iii) The Revolving Credit Commitments shall be permanently reduced by
 an amount equal to 50 of (A) the Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale by
 the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in excess of 5,000,000 per
 sale and (B) the Net Cash Proceeds from the issuance of Permitted Debt
 under clause (d) of the definition of Permitted Debt in excess of
 15,000,000.

 (iv) Each prepayment of principal of any LIBOR Tranche under the
 Revolving Credit Loan pursuant to this Section 2.1(d) shall be accompanied
 by payment of all accrued but unpaid interest on the principal amount
 prepaid and any amounts required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.6 as a
 result of such prepayment.

 (e) REPAYMENT. The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the ratable benefit
of the Banks the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit
Loan on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date.

 2.2 SWINGLINE FACILITY.

 (a) On the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Swingline
Bank agrees to from time-to-time on any Business Day during the period from the
Closing Date until the last Business Day occurring before the Revolving Credit
Maturity Date, make Swingline Advances in Dollars under the Swingline Note to
the Borrower (except that no Swingline Advance may mature after the Revolving
Credit Maturity Date), bearing interest at the Adjusted Prime Rate plus the
Applicable Margin, and in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time
not to exceed the Swingline Commitment; provided that the sum of (A) the
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Revolving Credit Advances plus (B) the
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Advances plus (C) the Letter
of Credit Exposure shall never exceed the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments
at such time; and provided further that no Swingline Advance shall be made by
the Swingline Bank if the statements set forth in Section 3.2 are not true on
the date of such Swingline Advance, it being agreed by the Borrower that the
giving of the applicable Notice of Borrowing and the acceptance by the Borrower
of the proceeds of such Swingline Advance shall constitute a representation and
warranty by the Borrower that on the date of such Swingline Advance such
statements are true. Subject to the other provisions hereof, the Borrower may
from time-to-time borrow, prepay (in whole or in part) and reborrow Swingline
Advances.

 (b) Except as provided in the following clause (c) below, each request for
a Swingline Advance shall be made pursuant to telephone notice to the Swingline
Bank given no later than

 -19-

1:00 p.m. (Dallas, Texas time) on the date of the proposed Swingline Advance,
promptly confirmed by a completed and executed Notice of Borrowing telecopied to
the Agent. Each Swingline Advance shall be in an aggregate amount not less than
 100,000.00 and in integral multiples of 50,000.00 in excess thereof. The
Swingline Bank will promptly make the Swingline Advance available to the
Borrower at the Borrower's account with the Agent.

 (c) The Borrower shall repay the outstanding principal amount of and all
accrued and unpaid interest on each Swingline Advance on the Revolving Credit
Maturity Date, provided that the Borrower may at any time prepay the Swingline
Advances by an amount not less than 100,000.00 and in integral multiples of
 50,000.00, provided that the Borrower shall give notice to the Agent by 1:00
p.m. (Dallas, Texas time) on the date of such prepayment. The Borrower and the
Banks agree that at any time the Agent may give each Bank having a Revolving
Credit Commitment a notice of Mandatory Revolving Borrowing, and upon receipt of
such notice, each Bank having a Revolving Credit Commitment shall pay to the
Agent its pro rata Share of such Swingline Advance and such payment shall be
deemed to be a Prime Rate Tranche made pursuant to such Bank's Revolving Credit
Commitment, whether made before or after termination of the Revolving Credit
Commitments, acceleration of the Revolving Credit Advances, or otherwise, and
whether or not the conditions precedent in Section 3.2 have been satisfied at
the time of such Mandatory Revolving Borrowing. The Agent shall give each Bank
notice of such Mandatory Revolving Borrowing by 11:00 a.m. (Dallas, Texas time)
on the date the Mandatory Revolving Borrowing is to be made. Each Bank having a
Revolving Credit Commitment shall, regardless of whether the conditions in
Section 3.2 have been met at the time of such Mandatory Revolving Borrowing and
regardless of whether there exists any Default or Event of Default, make its
Revolving Credit Advance available to the Agent for the account of the Swingline
Bank in immediately available funds by 3:00 p.m. (Dallas, Texas time) on the
date requested, and the Borrower hereby irrevocably instructs the Swingline Bank
to apply the proceeds of such Mandatory Revolving Borrowing to the payment of
the outstanding Swingline Advances.

 2.3 LETTER OF CREDIT FACILITY.

 (a) COMMITMENT FOR LETTERS OF CREDIT. Each Issuing Bank shall, on the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and for the purposes set forth in
Section 5.4, issue, increase, and extend Letters of Credit at the request of the
Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the date
of this Agreement until the Revolving Credit Maturity Date provided that (i) the
Letter of Credit Exposure shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit and
(ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Credit Advances
PLUS the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Swingline Advances PLUS the
Letter of Credit Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Revolving
Credit Commitments. No Letter of Credit may have an Expiration Date later than
12 months after its issuance date, and each Letter of Credit which is
self-extending beyond its Expiration Date must be cancelable upon at least 30
days notice given by the Issuing Bank for such Letters of Credit to the
beneficiary of such Letter of Credit. No Letter of Credit may have an Expiration
Date later than 12 months after the Revolving Credit Maturity Date unless
approved by such Issuing Bank for such Letters of Credit, the Agent, and the
Banks. Each Letter of Credit must be in form and substance acceptable to its
Issuing Bank. The indebtedness of the Borrower to each Issuing Bank resulting

 -20-

from Letters of Credit requested by the Borrower from such Issuing Bank shall be
evidenced by the Letter of Credit Applications made by the Borrower.

 (b) REQUESTING LETTERS OF CREDIT. Each Letter of Credit shall be issued,
increased, or extended pursuant to a Letter of Credit Application or Letter of
Credit Application Amendment, as applicable, given by the Borrower to an Issuing
Bank in writing or by telecopy promptly confirmed in writing, such Letter of
Credit Application or Letter of Credit Application Amendment being given not
later than 11:00 a.m. (Dallas, Texas time) on the third Business Day before the
date of the proposed issuance, increase, or extension of the Letter of Credit.
Each Letter of Credit Application or Letter of Credit Application Amendment
shall be fully completed and shall specify the information required therein
(including the proposed form of the Letter of Credit or change thereto), and
shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. Each Issuing Bank shall give
prompt notice to the Agent of the Letter of Credit Application or Letter of
Credit Application Amendment to which such Issuing Bank is a party, and the
Issuing Bank shall promptly inform the Agent of the proposed Letter of Credit or
change thereto. Subject to the satisfaction of all applicable conditions
precedent, such Issuing Bank shall before close of business on the date
requested by the Borrower for the issuance, increase, or extension of such
Letter of Credit issue, increase, or extend such Letter of Credit to the
specified beneficiary. Upon the date of the issuance, increase, or extension of
a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank for such Letter of Credit shall be deemed
to have sold to each other Bank and each other Bank shall be deemed to have
purchased from such Issuing Bank a ratable participation in the related Letter
of Credit. Each Issuing Bank shall notify the Agent of each Letter of Credit
issued, increased, or extended by it and the date and amount of each Bank's
participation in such Letter of Credit, and the Agent shall in turn notify the
Banks.

 (c) REIMBURSEMENTS FOR LETTERS OF CREDIT. With respect to any Letter of
Credit and in accordance with the related Letter of Credit Application, the
Borrower agrees to pay to the Issuing Bank for such Letter of Credit on demand
of such Issuing Bank any amount due to such Issuing Bank under such Letter of
Credit Application (provided that fees due with respect to such Letter of Credit
shall be payable as specified in Section 2.4(b)). If the Borrower does not pay
upon demand of such Issuing Bank any amount due to such Issuing Bank under any
Letter of Credit Application, in addition to any rights such Issuing Bank may
have under such Letter of Credit Application, such Issuing Bank may upon written
notice to the Agent request the satisfaction of such obligation by the making of
a Revolving Credit Borrowing. Upon such request, the Borrower shall be deemed to
have requested the making of a Revolving Credit Borrowing in the amount of such
obligation and the transfer of the proceeds thereof to such Issuing Bank. Such
Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be comprised of a Prime Rate Tranche. The Agent
shall promptly forward notice of such Borrowing to the Borrower and the Banks,
and each Bank shall, in accordance with the procedures of Section 2.10, other
than limitations on the size of Revolving Credit Borrowings, and notwithstanding
the failure of any conditions precedent, make available such Bank's ratable
share of such Revolving Credit Borrowing to the Agent, and the Agent shall
promptly deliver the proceeds thereof to such Issuing Bank for application to
such Bank's share of the obligations under such Letter of Credit. The Borrower
hereby unconditionally and irrevocably authorizes, empowers, and directs such
Issuing Bank to make such requests for Revolving Credit Borrowings on behalf of
the Borrower, and the Banks to make Revolving Credit Advances to the Agent for
the benefit of such Issuing Bank in satisfaction of such obligations. The Agent
and each Bank may record and otherwise treat the

 -21-

making of such Revolving Credit Borrowings as the making of a Revolving Credit
Borrowing to the Borrower under this Agreement as if requested by the Borrower.
Nothing herein is intended to release the Borrower's obligations under any
Letter of Credit Application, but only to provide an additional method of
payment therefor. The making of any Revolving Credit Borrowing under this
Section 2.3(c) shall not constitute a cure or waiver of any Default or Event of
Default caused by the Borrower's failure to comply with the provisions of this
Agreement or any Letter of Credit Application.

 (d) PREPAYMENTS OF LETTERS OF CREDIT. In the event that any Letters of
Credit shall be outstanding according to their terms after the Revolving Credit
Maturity Date, the Borrower shall pay to the Agent on the Revolving Credit
Maturity Date an amount equal to the Letter of Credit Exposure allocable to such
Letters of Credit to be held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account and
applied in accordance with paragraph (g) below.

 (e) OBLIGATIONS UNCONDITIONAL. The obligations of the Borrower and each
Bank under this Agreement and the Letter of Credit Applications to reimburse an
Issuing Bank for draws under Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank and
to make other payments due in respect of Letters of Credit shall be
unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and the Letter of Credit Applications under all
circumstances, including: (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any
Letter of Credit Document; (ii) any amendment, waiver, or consent to departure
from any Letter of Credit Document; (iii) the existence of any claim, set-off,
defense, or other right which the Borrower or any Bank may have at any time
against any beneficiary or transferee of any Letter of Credit (or any Persons
for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), such
Issuing Bank, or any other person or entity, whether in connection with the
transactions contemplated in this Agreement or any unrelated transaction; (iv)
any statement or any other document presented under such Letter of Credit
proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid, or insufficient in any respect or any
statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or (v) payment by
such Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or
certificate which does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit;
provided, however, that nothing contained in this paragraph (d) shall be deemed
to constitute a waiver of any remedies of the Borrower or any Bank in connection
with the Letters of Credit or the Borrower's or such Bank's rights under
paragraph (e) below.

 (f) LIABILITY OF ISSUING BANK. No Issuing Bank shall be liable or
responsible for: (i) the use which may be made of any Letter of Credit or any
acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee in connection therewith; (ii)
the validity, sufficiency, or genuineness of documents related to Letters of
Credit, or of any endorsement thereon, even if such documents should prove to be
in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, fraudulent, or forged; (iii)
payment by such Issuing Bank against presentation of documents which do not
strictly comply with the terms of a Letter of Credit, including failure of any
documents to bear any reference or adequate reference to the relevant Letter of
Credit; or (iv) any other circumstances whatsoever in making or failing to make
payment under any Letter of Credit (INCLUDING SUCH ISSUING BANK'S OWN
NEGLIGENCE); except that such Issuing Bank shall be liable to the Borrower or
any Bank to the extent of any direct, as opposed to consequential, damages
suffered by the Borrower or such Bank which the Borrower or such Bank proves
were caused by (A) such Issuing Bank's gross negligence or willful misconduct in
determining whether documents presented under a Letter of

 -22-

Credit comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (B) such Issuing Bank's
willful failure to make or delay in making lawful payment under any Letter of
Credit after the presentation to it of documentation strictly complying with the
terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, or (C) such Issuing Bank's
negligence in the handling of money.

 (g) LETTER OF CREDIT COLLATERAL ACCOUNT.

 (i) If the Borrower is required to deposit funds in the Letter of
 Credit Collateral Account pursuant to Sections 2.1(d)(ii), 2.3(d) or 6.4,
 then the Borrower and the Agent shall establish the Letter of Credit
 Collateral Account and the Borrower shall execute any documents and
 agreements, including the Agent's standard form assignment of deposit
 accounts, that the Agent requests in connection therewith to establish the
 Letter of Credit Collateral Account and grant the Agent a first priority
 security interest in such account and the funds therein. The Borrower
 hereby pledges to the Agent and grants the Agent a security interest in the
 Letter of Credit Collateral Account, whenever established, all funds held
 in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account from time to time, and all
 proceeds thereof as security for the payment of the Obligations.

 (ii) So long as no Event of Default exists, (A) the Agent shall apply
 the funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account only to the
 reimbursement of any reimbursement obligations and other obligations under
 Letter of Credit Documents, (B) the Agent shall release to the Borrower at
 the Borrower's written request funds held in the Letter of Credit
 Collateral Account in an amount up to but not exceeding the excess, if any
 (immediately prior to the release of any such funds), of the total amount
 of funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account over the Letter of
 Credit Exposure, and (C) the Agent shall, at the unanimous written
 direction of the Banks in their sole discretion, at any time release to the
 Borrower any funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account. During
 the existence of any Default or Event of Default, the Agent may apply any
 funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account to any Credit
 Obligations in any order determined by the Agent, regardless of any Letter
 of Credit Exposure which may remain outstanding.

 (iii) Funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account shall be
 invested in money market funds of the Agent or in another investment if
 mutually agreed upon by the Borrower and the Agent, but the Agent shall
 have no other obligation to make any other investment of the funds therein.
 The Agent shall exercise reasonable care in the custody and preservation of
 any funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account and shall be
 deemed to have exercised such care if such funds are accorded treatment
 substantially equivalent to that which the Agent accords its own property,
 it being understood that the Agent shall not have any responsibility for
 taking any necessary steps to preserve rights against any parties with
 respect to any such funds.

 (h) EXISTING LETTERS OF CREDIT. Upon the date of the execution of this
Agreement, the Issuing Bank for each Existing Letter of Credit shall be deemed
to have sold to each other Bank and each other Bank shall be deemed to have
purchased from such Issuing Bank a ratable participation in each Existing Letter
of Credit, which shall thereafter be treated as a Letters of Credit under this
Agreement for all purposes. Each Issuing Bank for each Existing Letter of

 -23-

Credit shall arrange with the Agent and the Banks to prorate and ratably
distribute to the Banks the fees, if any, previously paid in advance to such
Issuing Bank with respect to such Existing Letters of Credit.

 2.4 FEES.

 (a) COMMITMENT FEES. The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the ratable
benefit of the Banks a commitment fee in an amount equal to the product of (i)
the Applicable Margin for commitment fees calculated for the preceding quarter
multiplied by (ii) the average daily amount by which (x) the aggregate amount of
the Revolving Credit Commitments exceeds (y) the outstanding principal amount of
the Revolving Credit Loan plus the Letter of Credit Exposure. The commitment fee
shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each calendar
quarter commencing December 31, 2001 and on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date.

 (b) FEES FOR LETTERS OF CREDIT. The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Agent
for the pro rata benefit of the Banks, a fee for each Letter of Credit equal to
the Applicable Margin for Letters of Credit on the face amount of such Letter of
Credit, with a minimum fee of 500, and (ii) to the Issuing Bank, a fee for each
Letter of Credit of 0.125 per annum of the face amount of such Letter of
Credit. Each such fee shall be calculated on a per annum basis in accordance
with Section 2.10(g) and shall be based on the maximum amount available to be
drawn from time to time under such Letter of Credit from the date of issuance of
the Letter of Credit until its Expiration Date and shall be payable quarterly in
arrears on the last day of each calendar quarter.

 (c) AGENT FEE LETTER. The Borrower shall pay to the parties specified
therein the fees and other amounts payable under Agent Fee Letter and the letter
dated September 27, 2001 between the Agent and the Borrower.

 2.5 INTEREST.

 (a) ELECTION OF INTEREST RATE BASIS. The Borrower may select the interest
rate basis for each Borrowing in accordance with the terms of this Section
2.5(a):

 (i) Under the Borrowing Request provided to the Agent in connection
 with the making of each Borrowing under the Revolving Credit Loan, the
 Borrower shall select the amount and the Type of the Tranches, and for each
 LIBOR Tranche selected, any permitted Interest Period for each such LIBOR
 Tranche, which will comprise such Borrowing, provided that (A) at no time
 shall there be more than eight separate LIBOR Tranches outstanding under
 the Revolving Credit Loan and (B) each Tranche must be in a principal
 amount equal to or greater than the Minimum Tranche Amount and be made in
 multiples of the Minimum Tranche Multiple. Such interest rate elections
 must be provided to the Agent in writing or by telecopy not later than
 11:00 a.m. (Dallas, Texas time) (A) on the third Business Day before the
 date of any proposed Borrowing comprised of a LIBOR Tranche, or (B) on the
 same day of any proposed Borrowing comprised solely of a Prime Rate
 Tranche. The Agent shall promptly forward copies of such interest rate
 elections to the Banks. In the case of any Borrowing comprised of a LIBOR
 Tranche, upon determination by the Agent, the Agent shall promptly notify
 the Borrower and the Banks of the applicable interest rate for such
 Tranche.

 -24-

(ii) With respect to any Tranche under the Revolving Credit Loan, the
 Borrower may continue or convert any portion of any LIBOR Tranche or Prime
 Rate Tranche to form new LIBOR Tranches or Prime Rate Tranches under the
 Revolving Credit Loan in accordance with this paragraph. Each such
 continuation or conversion shall be made pursuant to a
 Continuation/Conversion Request given by the Borrower to the Agent in
 writing or by telecopy not later than 11:00 a.m. (Dallas, Texas time) on
 the third Business Day before the date of the proposed continuation or
 conversion. Each Continuation/Conversion Request shall be fully completed
 and shall specify the information required therein, and shall be
 irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. The Agent shall promptly forward
 notice of the continuation or conversion to the Banks. In the case of any
 continuation or conversion into LIBOR Tranches, upon determination by the
 Agent, the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Banks of the applicable
 interest rate. Continuations and conversions of Tranches shall be made in
 integral multiples of the Minimum Tranche Multiple. No continuation or
 conversion shall be permitted if such continuation or conversion would
 cause the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any LIBOR Tranche which
 would remain outstanding or the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
 all Prime Rate Tranches which would remain outstanding to be less than the
 Minimum Tranche Amount. At no time shall there be more than eight separate
 LIBOR Tranches outstanding under the Revolving Credit Loan. Any conversion
 of an existing LIBOR Tranche is subject to Section 2.5. Subject to the
 satisfaction of all applicable conditions precedent, the Agent and the
 Banks shall before close of business on the date requested by the Borrower
 for the continuation or conversion, make such continuation or conversion.

 (iii) At the end of the Interest Period for any LIBOR Tranche, if the
 Borrower has not continued or converted such LIBOR Tranche into new
 Tranches as provided for in paragraph (ii) above, the Borrower shall be
 deemed to have continued such LIBOR Tranche as a Prime Rate Tranche. Each
 Prime Rate Tranche shall continue as a Prime Rate Tranche unless the
 Borrower converts such Prime Rate Tranche as provided for in paragraph (ii)
 above.

 (b) LIBOR TRANCHES. Each LIBOR Tranche shall bear interest during its
Interest Period at a per annum interest rate equal to the lesser of (i) the
Highest Lawful Rate or (ii) the sum of the LIBOR for such Tranche plus the
Applicable Margin for LIBOR Tranches in effect from time to time. The Borrower
shall pay to the Agent for the ratable benefit of the Banks all accrued but
unpaid interest on each LIBOR Tranche on the last day of the applicable Interest
Period for such LIBOR Tranche (and with respect to LIBOR Tranches with Interest
Periods of greater than three months, on the date which is three months after
the first date of the Interest Period for such LIBOR Tranche), when required
upon prepayment as specified elsewhere in this Agreement, on any date when any
portion of any LIBOR Tranche is prepaid (but only to the extent of the portion
of any such LIBOR Tranche is prepaid), and on the Revolving Credit Maturity
Date.

 (c) PRIME RATE TRANCHES. Each Prime Rate Tranche shall bear interest at a
per annum interest rate equal to the lesser of (i) the Highest Lawful Rate or
(ii) the Adjusted Prime Rate in effect from time to time plus the Applicable
Margin for Prime Rate Tranches in effect from time to time. The Borrower shall
pay to the Agent for the ratable benefit of the Banks all accrued but

 -25-

unpaid interest on outstanding Prime Rate Tranches on the last day of each
calendar quarter, when required upon prepayment as specified elsewhere in this
Agreement, on any date all Prime Rate Tranches are prepaid in full, and on the
Revolving Credit Maturity Date.

 (d) USURY PROTECTION.

 (i) Nothing contained in this Agreement or the Notes shall require the
 Borrower to pay interest at a rate exceeding the Highest Lawful Rate. Each
 provision in the Credit Documents and any other agreement executed in
 connection herewith is expressly limited so that in no event whatsoever
 shall the amount paid thereunder, or otherwise paid, by the Borrower for
 the use, forbearance or detention of the money to be loaned under this
 Agreement, exceed that amount of money which would cause the effective rate
 of interest thereon to exceed the Highest Lawful Rate, and all amounts
 payable under the Credit Documents or any other agreement executed in
 connection herewith, or otherwise payable in connection therewith, shall be
 subject to reduction so that such amounts paid or payable for the use,
 forbearance or detention of money to be loaned under this Agreement shall
 not exceed that amount of money which would cause the effective rate of
 interest thereon to exceed the Highest Lawful Rate.

 (ii) If the amount of interest payable for the account of any Bank on
 any interest payment date in respect of the immediately preceding interest
 computation period, computed pursuant to this Section 2.5, would exceed the
 maximum amount permitted by applicable law to be charged by such Bank, the
 amount of interest payable for its account on such interest payment date
 shall be automatically reduced to such maximum permissible amount.

 (iii) If the amount of interest payable for the account of any Bank in
 respect of any interest computation period is reduced pursuant to clause
 (d)(ii) above and the amount of interest payable for its account in respect
 of any subsequent interest computation period, computed pursuant to this
 Section 2.5, would be less than the maximum amount permitted by applicable
 law to be charged by such Bank, then the amount of interest payable for its
 account in respect of such subsequent interest computation period shall be
 automatically increased to the maximum amount permitted by applicable law
 to be charged by such Bank; PROVIDED that at no time shall the aggregate
 amount by which interest paid for the account of any Bank has been
 increased pursuant to this clause (d)(iii) exceed the aggregate amount by
 which interest paid for its account has theretofore been reduced pursuant
 to clause (d)(ii) of this Section.

 (iv) In the event that maturity of the loans made hereunder is
 accelerated for any reason, or in the event of any required or permitted
 prepayment of such loans, then such consideration that constitutes interest
 payable for the account of any Bank shall never include more than the
 maximum amount permitted by applicable law to be charged by such Bank and
 excess interest, if any, payable for the account of such Bank pursuant to
 its Note, this Agreement or otherwise shall be canceled automatically as of
 the date of such acceleration or prepayment and, if theretofore paid, shall
 be credited on the loans made hereunder by such Bank (or, to the extent in
 excess of such loans, refunded by such Bank to the Borrower).

 -26-

(v) It is further agreed that, without limitation of the foregoing,
 all calculations of the rate of interest contracted for, charged or
 received for the account of any Bank under the Note held by it, under this
 Agreement, under any other agreement executed in connection herewith or
 otherwise in connection with the loans made hereunder by or the Revolving
 Credit Commitment of such Bank for the purpose of determining whether such
 rate exceeds the Highest Lawful Rate, shall be made, to the extent
 permitted by applicable usury law (now or hereafter enacted), by
 amortizing, prorating and spreading in equal parts during the period of the
 full stated terms of the loans evidenced by such Note all interest at any
 time contracted for, charged or received by such Bank in connection
 therewith.

 2.6 BREAKAGE COSTS. If (i) any payment of principal on or any conversion of
any LIBOR Tranche is made on any date other than the last day of the Interest
Period for such LIBOR Tranche, whether as a result of any voluntary or mandatory
prepayment, any acceleration of maturity, or any other cause, (ii) any payment
of principal on any LIBOR Tranche is not made when due, or (iii) any LIBOR
Tranche is not borrowed, converted, or prepaid in accordance with the respective
notice thereof provided by the Borrower to the Agent, whether as a result of any
failure to meet any applicable conditions precedent for borrowing, conversion,
or prepayment, the permitted cancellation of any request for borrowing,
conversion, or prepayment, the failure of the Borrower to provide the respective
notice of borrowing, conversion, or prepayment, or any other cause not specified
above which is created by the Borrower, then the Borrower shall pay to each Bank
upon demand any amounts required to compensate such Bank for any losses, costs,
or expenses, including lost profits and administrative expenses, which are
reasonably allocable to such action, including losses, costs, and expenses
related to the liquidation or redeployment of funds acquired or designated by
such Bank to fund or maintain such Bank's ratable share of such LIBOR Tranche or
related to the reacquisition or redesignation of funds by such Bank to fund or
maintain such Bank's ratable share of such LIBOR Tranche following any
liquidation or redeployment of such funds caused by such action. A certificate
as to the amount of such loss, cost, or expense detailing the calculation
thereof and certifying that such Bank customarily charges such amounts to its
other customers in similar circumstances submitted by such Bank to the Borrower
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

 2.7 INCREASED COSTS.

 (a) COST OF FUNDS. If due to either (i) any introduction of, change in, or
change in the interpretation of any law or regulation after the date of this
Agreement or (ii) compliance with any guideline or request applying to banks
generally from any central bank or other governmental authority having
appropriate jurisdiction (whether or not having the force of law) given after
the date of this Agreement, there shall be any increase in the costs of any Bank
allocable to (x) committing to make any Advance or obtaining funds for the
making, funding, or maintaining of such Bank's ratable share of any LIBOR
Tranche in the relevant interbank market or (y) committing to make Letters of
Credit or issuing, funding, or maintaining Letters of Credit (including any
increase in any applicable reserve requirement specified by the Federal Reserve
Board, including those for emergency, marginal, supplemental, or other
reserves), then the Borrower shall pay to such Bank upon demand any amounts
required to compensate such Bank for such increased costs, such amounts being
due and payable upon demand by such Bank. A certificate as to the cause and
amount of such increased cost detailing the calculation of such cost

 -27-

and certifying that such Bank customarily charges such amounts to its other
customers in similar circumstances submitted by such Bank to the Borrower shall
be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any
such amounts that accrued more than 90 days prior to delivery of such
certificate to the Borrower.

 (b) CAPITAL ADEQUACY. If, due to either (i) any introduction of, change in,
or change in the interpretation of any law or regulation after the date of this
Agreement or (ii) compliance with any guideline or request applying to banks
generally from any central bank or other governmental authority having
appropriate jurisdiction (whether or not having the force of law) given after
the date of this Agreement, there shall be any increase in the capital
requirements of any Bank or its parent or holding company allocable to (x)
committing to make Advances or making, funding, or maintaining Advances or (y)
committing to make Letters of Credit or issuing, funding, or maintaining Letters
of Credit, as such capital requirements are allocated by such Bank, then the
Borrower shall pay to such Bank upon demand any amounts required to compensate
such Bank or its parent or holding company for such increase in costs (including
an amount equal to any reduction in the rate of return on assets or equity of
such Bank or its parent or holding company), such amounts being due and payable
upon demand by such Bank. A certificate as to the cause and amounts detailing
the calculation of such amounts and certifying that such Bank customarily
charges such amounts to its other customers in similar circumstances submitted
by such Bank to the Borrower shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes,
absent manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be
obligated to pay any such amounts that accrued more than 90 days prior to
delivery of such certificate to the Borrower.

 2.8 ILLEGALITY. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, if
it becomes unlawful for any Bank to obtain deposits or other funds for making or
funding such Bank's ratable share of any LIBOR Tranche in the relevant interbank
market, such Bank shall so notify the Borrower and the Agent and such Bank's
commitment to create LIBOR Tranches shall be suspended until such condition has
passed, all LIBOR Tranches applicable to such Bank shall be converted to Prime
Rate Tranches as of the end of each applicable Interest Period or earlier if
necessary, and all subsequent requests for LIBOR Tranches shall be deemed to be
requests for Prime Rate Tranches with respect to such Bank.

 2.9 MARKET FAILURE. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement,
if the Agent determines that: (a) quotations of interest rates for the relevant
deposits referred to in the definition of "LIBOR" are not being provided in the
relevant amounts, or maturities for purposes of determining the rate of interest
referred to in the definition of "LIBOR" or (b) the relevant rates of interest
referred to in the definition of "LIBOR" which are used as the basis to
determine the rate of interest for LIBOR Tranches are not likely to adequately
cover the cost to any Bank of making or maintaining such Bank's ratable share of
any LIBOR Tranche, then if the Agent so notifies the Borrower, the commitment of
the Banks to make any Borrowing comprised of LIBOR Tranches shall be suspended
until such condition has passed, all LIBOR Tranches shall be converted to Prime
Rate Tranches as of the end of each applicable Interest Period or earlier if
necessary, and all subsequent requests for LIBOR Tranches shall be deemed to be
requests for Prime Rate Tranches.

 -28-

2.10 ADVANCING AND PAYMENTS GENERALLY; COMPUTATIONS.

 (a) ADVANCING PROCEDURES. Time is of the essence in this Agreement and the
Credit Documents. All advances hereunder shall be made in Dollars. Upon receipt
of any Borrowing Request by the Agent, the Agent shall promptly forward notice
of the Borrowing to the Banks. Subject to the satisfaction of the applicable
conditions precedent, each Bank shall, before 1:00 p.m. (Dallas, Texas time) on
the date of the requested Borrowing, make available from its Applicable Lending
Office to the Agent at the Agent's Applicable Lending Office, in immediately
available funds, such Bank's ratable share of such Borrowing. Subject to the
satisfaction of all applicable conditions precedent, after receipt by the Agent
of such funds, the Agent shall, by 4:00 p.m. (Dallas, Texas time) on the date
requested for such Borrowing, make such Borrowing available to the Borrower in
immediately available funds at any account of Borrower which is designated in
writing by the Borrower to the Agent.

 (b) AGENT RELIANCE ON BANKS IN ADVANCING. Unless the Agent shall have
received notice from a Bank before the date of any Borrowing that such Bank
shall not make available to the Agent such Bank's ratable share of such
Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Bank has made its ratable share of
such Borrowing available to the Agent on the date of such Borrowing in
accordance with this Agreement and the Agent may, in reliance upon such
assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount.
If and to the extent that such Bank shall not have so made its ratable share of
such Borrowing available to the Agent, such Bank agrees that it shall pay
interest on such amount for each day from the date such amount is made available
to the Borrower by the Agent until the date such amount is paid to the Agent by
such Bank at the Federal Funds Rate in effect from time to time, provided that
with respect to such Bank if such amount is not paid by such Bank by the end of
the second day after the Agent makes such amount available to the Borrower, the
interest rates specified above shall be increased by a per annum amount equal to
2.00 on the third day and shall remain at such increased rate thereafter.
Interest on such amount shall be due and payable by such Bank upon demand by the
Agent. If such Bank shall pay to the Agent such amount and interest as provided
above, such amount so paid shall constitute such Bank's Advance as part of such
Borrowing for all purposes of this Agreement even though not made on the same
day as the other Advances comprising such Borrowing. In the event that such Bank
has not repaid such amount by the end of the fifth day after such amount was
made available to the Borrower, the Borrower agrees to repay to the Agent on
demand such amount, together with interest on such amount for each day from the
date such amount was made available to the Borrower until the date such amount
is repaid to the Agent at the interest rate charged to the Borrower for such
Borrowing under the terms of this Agreement. The failure of any Bank to make
available its ratable share of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Bank of
its obligation, if any, to make available its ratable share of such Borrowing.
No Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Bank to honor such
other Bank's obligations hereunder, including any failure to make available any
funds as part of any Borrowing; provided, however, that nothing herein shall
prejudice any right or cause of action that the Borrower has against any Bank
failing to so honor its obligations.

 (c) PAYMENT PROCEDURES. Time is of the essence in this Agreement and the
Credit Documents. All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars. The Borrower
shall make each payment under this Agreement and under the Notes not later than
1:00 p.m. (Dallas, Texas time) on the day when due to the Agent at the Agent's
Applicable Lending Office in immediately

 -29-

available funds. All payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made without
any offset, abatement, withholding, deduction, counterclaim, or reduction. Upon
receipt of payment from the Borrower of any principal, interest, or fees due to
the Banks, the Agent shall promptly after receipt thereof distribute to the
Banks their ratable share of such payments for the account of their respective
Applicable Lending Offices. If and to the extent that the Agent shall not have
so distributed to any Bank its ratable share of such payments, the Agent agrees
that it shall pay interest on such amount for each day after the day when such
amount is made available to the Agent by the Borrower until the date such amount
is paid to such Bank by the Agent at the Federal Funds Rate in effect from time
to time, provided that if such amount is not paid by the Agent by the end of the
third day after the Borrower makes such amount available to the Agent, the
interest rates specified above shall be increased by a per annum amount equal to
2.00 on the fourth day and shall remain at such increased rate thereafter.
Interest on such amount shall be due and payable by the Agent upon demand by
such Bank. Upon receipt of other amounts due solely to the Agent, such Issuing
Bank, or a specific Bank, the Agent shall distribute such amounts to the
appropriate party to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

 (d) AGENT RELIANCE. Unless the Agent shall have received written notice
from the Borrower prior to any date on which any payment is due to the Banks
that the Borrower shall not make such payment in full, the Agent may assume that
the Borrower has made such payment in full to the Agent on such date and the
Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each
Bank on such date an amount equal to the amount then due such Bank. If and to
the extent the Borrower shall not have so made such payment in full to the
Agent, each Bank shall repay to the Agent forthwith on demand such amount
distributed to such Bank, together with interest thereon from the date such
amount is distributed to such Bank until the date such Bank repays such amount
to the Agent, at an interest rate equal to, the Federal Funds Rate in effect
from time to time, provided that with respect to such Bank, if such amount is
not repaid by such Bank by the end of the second day after the date of the
Agent's demand, the interest rates specified above shall be increased by a per
annum amount equal to 2.00 on the third day after the date of the Agent's
demand and shall remain at such increased rate thereafter.

 (e) SHARING OF PAYMENTS. Each Bank agrees that if it should receive any
payment (whether by voluntary payment, by realization upon security, by the
exercise of the right of setoff or banker's lien, by counterclaim or cross
action, by the enforcement of any right under the Credit Documents, or
otherwise) in respect of any obligation of the Borrower to pay principal,
interest, fees, or any other obligation incurred under the Credit Documents in a
proportion greater than the total amount of such principal, interest, fees, or
other obligation then owed and due by the Borrower to such Bank bears to the
total amount of principal, interest, fees, or other obligation then owed and due
by the Borrower to all of the Banks immediately prior to such receipt, then such
Bank receiving such excess payment shall purchase for cash without recourse from
the other Banks an interest in the obligations of the Borrower to such Banks in
such amount as shall result in a participation by all of the Banks, in
proportion with the Banks' respective pro rata shares, in the aggregate unpaid
amount of principal, interest, fees, or any such other obligation, as the case
may be, owed by the Borrower to all of the Banks; provided that if all or any
portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such Bank, such
purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of
such recovery, in proportion with the Banks' respective pro rata shares, but
without interest.

 -30-

(f) AUTHORITY TO CHARGE ACCOUNTS. The Agent, if and to the extent payment
owed to the Agent or any Bank is not made when due, may charge from time to time
against any account of the Borrower with the Agent any amount so due. The Agent
agrees promptly to notify the Borrower after any such charge and application
made by the Agent provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect
the validity of such charge and application.

 (g) INTEREST AND FEES. Unless expressly provided for in this Agreement, all
computations of interest and fees shall be made on the basis of a 360 day year,
in each case for the actual number of days (including the first day, but
excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest or fees
are payable; provided, however, that if the use of a 360 day year would cause
the interest contracted for, charged, or received hereunder to exceed the
Highest Lawful Rate, such computations shall instead be made on the basis of a
year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be. Each determination by the Agent of
an interest rate or fee shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error.

 (h) PAYMENT DATES. Whenever any payment shall be stated to be due on a day
other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding
Business Day and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the
computation of interest or fees, as the case may be. If the time for payment for
an amount payable is not specified in this Agreement or in any other Credit
Document, the payment shall be due and payable on demand by the Agent or the
applicable Bank.

 2.11 TAXES.

 (a) NO DEDUCTION FOR CERTAIN TAXES. Any and all payments by the Borrower
shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or
future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, or withholdings, and all
liabilities with respect thereto, other than taxes imposed on the income of and
franchise taxes imposed on the Agent, any Bank, or the Applicable Lending Office
thereof by any jurisdiction in which any such entity is a citizen or resident or
any political subdivision of such jurisdiction (all such nonexcluded taxes,
levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings, and liabilities being
hereinafter referred to as "Taxes"). If the Borrower shall be required by law to
deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable to the Agent, any Bank,
or the Applicable Lending Office thereof, (i) the sum payable shall be increased
as may be necessary so that, after making all required deductions (including
deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.11), such
Person receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such
deductions been made; (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions; and (iii)
the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation
authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law.

 (b) OTHER TAXES. The Borrower agrees to pay any present or future stamp or
documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges, or similar
levies which arise from any payment made or from the execution, delivery, or
registration of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or the other
Credit Documents (other than those which become due as a result of any Bank
joining this Agreement as a result of any Assignment and Acceptance, which shall
be paid by the Bank which becomes a Bank hereunder as a result of such
Assignment and Acceptance).

 -31-

(c) FOREIGN BANK WITHHOLDING EXEMPTION. Each Bank and Issuing Bank that is
not incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or a state
thereof agrees that it will deliver to the Borrower and the Agent on the date of
this Agreement or upon the effectiveness of any Assignment and Acceptance and
from time to time thereafter if requested in writing by the Borrower (i)
Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, W-8BEN, W-8EXP, or W-8IMY as appropriate,
or any successor form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, certifying
that such Bank is entitled to benefits under an income tax treaty to which the
United States is a party which exempts such Bank from withholding tax on
payments of interest or certifying that the income receivable pursuant to this
Agreement is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in
the United States, (ii) Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, as appropriate, or
any successor form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, and (iii) any
other form or certificate required by any taxing authority (including any
certificate required by Sections 871(h) and 881(c) of the Internal Revenue
Code), certifying that such Bank is entitled to an exemption from tax on
payments pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents If an
event (including without limitation any change in treaty, law or regulation) has
occurred prior to the date on which any delivery required by the preceding
sentence would otherwise be required which renders all such forms inapplicable
or which would prevent any Bank from duly completing and delivering any such
letter or form with respect to it and such Bank advises the Borrower and the
Agent that it is not capable of receiving payments without any deduction or
withholding of United States federal income tax, and, in the case of a Form W-9,
establishing an exemption from United States backup withholding tax, such Bank
shall not be required to deliver such letter or forms. The Borrower shall
withhold tax at the rate and in the manner required by the laws of the United
States with respect to payments made to a Bank failing to provide the requisite
Internal Revenue Service forms in a timely manner. Each Bank which fails to
provide to the Borrower in a timely manner such forms shall reimburse the
Borrower upon demand for any penalties paid by the Borrower as a result of any
failure of the Borrower to withhold the required amounts that are caused by such
Bank's failure to provide the required forms in a timely manner.

 2.12 INCREASE OF REVOLVING CREDIT COMMITMENTS. On or before December 14,
2002, if no Event of Default then exists, the Borrower shall have the right,
without the consent of the Banks, to increase the aggregate amount of the
Revolving Credit Commitments by adding to this Agreement one or more lenders
that are Eligible Assignees (who shall, upon completion of the requirements
stated in this Section 2.13 constitute Banks hereunder), or by allowing one or
more Banks to increase their Revolving Credit Commitments hereunder, provided
that (a) the sum of the current Revolving Credit Commitments plus such added
Revolving Credit Commitments plus any increases in current Revolving Credit
Commitments shall not be greater than 110,000,000, (b) no Bank's Revolving
Credit Commitment shall be increased without the consent of such Bank, (c) no
Person shall be added to this Agreement without its consent, and (d) on the
effective date of any such increase or addition, there shall either be no
Revolving Credit Loans outstanding or arrangements satisfactory to the Agent
have been made to prepay all outstanding Revolving Credit Loans, together with
accrued interest thereon and any amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.6. Any
prepayment made by the Borrower in accordance with the preceding subparagraph
(d) of this Section 2.12 may be made with the proceeds of an Advance made by all
the Banks in connection with an increase in the Revolving Credit Commitments
pursuant to this Section 2.12. There shall be no fee paid to any Bank not
increasing its commitment in connection with an increase in the Revolving Credit
Commitment under this

 -32-

Section 2.12. The Borrower shall give the Agent five Business Days' notice of
the Borrower's intention to increase any Revolving Credit Commitment or add a
new lender pursuant to this Section 2.12. Such notice shall specify each new
lender, if any, the changes in amounts of Revolving Credit Commitments that will
result, the date on which such addition or change is to occur (which shall be a
Business Day), and such other information as is reasonably requested by the
Agent. Each new lender agreeing to be added to this Agreement, and each Bank
agreeing to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment, shall execute and deliver
to the Agent a New Bank Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit H-1 or a
Revolving Credit Commitment Increase Agreement in substantially the form of
Exhibit H-2, pursuant to which it becomes a party hereto or increases its
Revolving Credit Commitment, as the case may be. In addition, an authorized
officer of the Borrower shall execute and deliver a Revolving Credit Note in the
principal amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment of each new lender, or a
replacement Revolving Credit Note in the principal amount of the increased
Revolving Credit Commitment of each Bank agreeing to increase its Revolving
Credit Commitment, as the case may be. Each such Revolving Credit Note shall be
dated the effective date of the pertinent New Bank Agreement or Revolving Credit
Commitment Increase Agreement, as the case may be, shall be properly completed,
and shall otherwise be in substantially the form of Exhibit D-1. Upon execution
and delivery to the Agent of the Revolving Credit Note and execution by the
Agent of the relevant New Bank Agreement or Revolving Credit Commitment Increase
Agreement, as the case may be, such new lender shall constitute a "Bank"
hereunder with a Revolving Credit Commitment as specified therein, or such
Bank's Revolving Credit Commitment shall increase as specified therein, as the
case may be, and the Agent shall notify the Banks of such addition or increase.

ARTICLE 3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.

 3.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT. This Agreement shall
become effective and the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated
as provided in this Agreement on the date the Agent sends notice to each Bank
and the Borrower that the following conditions precedent have been met:

 (a) the Borrower shall have delivered or shall have caused to be delivered
the documents and other items listed on EXHIBIT F, together with any other
documents requested by the Agent to document the agreements and intent of the
Credit Documents, each in form and with substance satisfactory to the Agent;

 (b) the Borrower shall have paid all fees and expenses due to the Banks
under this Agreement, including Section 2.4 and any fees and expenses of counsel
payable under Section 8.1; and

 (c) all interest, fees, expenses, and other amounts then due and payable
under the Existing Credit Agreement shall have been paid to in full.

 3.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO EACH EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of
each Bank to make any extension of credit under this Agreement, including the
making of any Advances, and the issuance, increase, or extension of any Letters
of Credit, shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date
of such extension of credit:

 -33-

(a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. As of the date of the making of any
extension of credit hereunder, the representations and warranties contained in
each Credit Document shall be true and correct in all material respects as of
such date (and the Borrower's request for the making of any extension of credit
hereunder shall be deemed to be a restatement, representation, and additional
warranty of the representations and warranties contained in each Credit Document
as of such date); and

 (b) DEFAULT. As of the date of the making of any extension of credit
hereunder, there shall exist no Default or Event of Default, and the making of
the extension of credit would not cause or be reasonably expected to cause a
Default or Event of Default.

ARTICLE 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Agent and each Bank, and with
each request for any extension of credit hereunder, including the making of any
Advances, and the issuance, increase, or extension of any Letters of Credit,
again represents and warrants to the Agent and each Bank, as follows:

 4.1 ORGANIZATION. As of the date of this Agreement, each Restricted Entity
(a) is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of
such Person's respective jurisdiction of organization and (b) is duly licensed,
qualified to do business, and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which
such Person is organized, owns property, or conducts operations to the extent
that any failure to be so licensed, qualified, or in good standing could
reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect.

 4.2 AUTHORIZATION. The execution, delivery, and performance by each Credit
Party of the Credit Documents to which such Credit Party is a party and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby (a) do not contravene the
organizational documents of such Credit Party, (b) have been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate or limited liability company action of each Credit
Party, and (c) are within each Credit Party's corporate or limited liability
company powers.

 4.3 ENFORCEABILITY. Each Credit Document to which any Credit Party is a
party has been duly executed and delivered by each Credit Party which is a party
to such Credit Document and constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation
of each such Credit Party, enforceable against each such Credit Party in
accordance with such Credit Document's terms, except as limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws at the time
in effect affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to the
availability of equitable remedies.

 4.4 ABSENCE OF CONFLICTS AND APPROVALS. The execution, delivery, and
performance by each Credit Party of the Credit Documents to which such Credit
Party is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby,
(a) do not result in any violation or breach of any provisions of, or constitute
a default under, any note, indenture, credit agreement, security agreement,
credit support agreement, or other similar agreement to which such Credit Party
is a party or any other material contract or agreement to which such Credit
Party is a party, (b) do not violate any law or regulation binding on or
affecting such Credit Party, (c) do not

 -34-

require any authorization, approval, or other action by, or any notice to or
filing with, any governmental authority, and (d) do not result in or require the
creation or imposition of any Lien prohibited by this Agreement.

 4.5 INVESTMENT COMPANIES. No Restricted Entity or Affiliate thereof is an
"investment company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment company" within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

 4.6 PUBLIC UTILITIES. No Restricted Entity or Affiliate thereof is a
"holding company," or a "subsidiary company" of a "holding company," or an
"affiliate" of a "holding company" or of a "subsidiary company" of a "holding
company," within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935,
as amended. No Restricted Entity or Affiliate thereof is a regulated public
utility.

 4.7 FINANCIAL CONDITION.

 (a) The Borrower has delivered to the Agent the annual audited consolidated
financial statements of the Borrower dated as of December 31, 2000 ("Initial
Financial Statements"), including therein the balance sheet of the Borrower as
of such date and the statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows
for the Borrower for the fiscal year ending on such date. These financial
statements are accurate and complete in all material respects and present fairly
the financial condition of the Borrower as of such date in accordance with GAAP.

 (b) As of the date of the Initial Financial Statements, there were no
material contingent obligations, liabilities for taxes, unusual forward or
long-term commitments, or unrealized or anticipated losses of the Borrower or
any of the Borrower's Subsidiaries, except as disclosed in the Initial Financial
Statements, and adequate reserves for such items have been made in accordance
with GAAP. Since the date of the Initial Financial Statements, no change has
occurred in the condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower which would
have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default exists.

 4.8 CONDITION OF ASSETS. Each Restricted Entity has good and indefeasible
title to substantially all of its owned property and valid leasehold rights in
all of its leased property, as reflected in the financial statements most
recently provided to the Agent, free and clear of all Liens except Permitted
Liens. Each Restricted Entity possesses and has properly approved, recorded, and
filed, where applicable, all permits, licenses, patents, patent rights or
licenses, trademarks, trademark rights, trade names rights, and copyrights which
are useful in the conduct of its business and which the failure to possess could
reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect. The material
properties used or to be used in the continuing operations of each Restricted
Entity are in good repair, working order, and condition, normal wear and tear
excepted. The properties of each Restricted Entity have not been adversely
affected as a result of any fire, explosion, earthquake, flood, drought,
windstorm, accident, strike or other labor disturbance, embargo, requisition or
taking of property or cancellation of contracts, permits, or concessions by a
governmental authority, riot, activities of armed forces, or acts of God or of
any public enemy in any manner which (after giving effect to any insurance
proceeds) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

 -35-

4.9 LITIGATION. There are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to
the knowledge of any Restricted Entity, threatened against any Restricted Entity
at law, in equity, or in admiralty, or by or before any governmental department,
commission, board, bureau, agency, or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or
any arbitrator which could reasonably be expected to result in a judgment or
liability not fully covered by insurance which would have a Material Adverse
Effect.

 4.10 SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES. As of the date of this Agreement, the
Borrower has no Subsidiaries, except as disclosed in SCHEDULE II hereto. The
Borrower has no Subsidiaries which have not been disclosed in writing to the
Agent.

 4.11 LAWS AND REGULATIONS. Each Restricted Entity has been and is in
compliance with all federal, state, and local laws and regulations which are
applicable to the operations and property of such Person and which the failure
to comply could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

 4.12 ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE. Each Restricted Entity has been and is in
compliance with all Environmental Laws and has obtained and is in compliance
with all related permits necessary for the ownership and operation of any such
Person's properties which the failure to be in compliance with could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Restricted Entity has never
received notice of and has never been investigated for any violation or alleged
violation of any Environmental Law in connection with any such Person's
presently or previously owned properties which threaten action or suggest
liabilities which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. Each Restricted Entity does not and has not created, handled,
transported, used, or disposed of any Hazardous Materials on or about any such
Person's properties (nor has any such Person's properties been used for those
purposes), except in compliance with all Environmental Laws and related permits;
has never been responsible for the release of any Hazardous Materials into the
environment in connection with any such Person's operations and have not
contaminated any properties with Hazardous Materials; and does not and has not
owned any properties contaminated by any Hazardous Materials, in each case in
any manner which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
For the purposes of this Section 4.12, any losses covered by the Borrower's
reserve for environmental losses set forth on its most recent consolidated
balance sheet shall be excluded in determining whether any Material Adverse
Effect has occurred.

 4.13 ERISA. Each Restricted Entity is in compliance in all material
respects with all provisions of ERISA. No Restricted Entity participates in or
during the past five years has participated in any employee pension benefit plan
covered by Title IV of ERISA or any multiemployer plan under Section 4001(a)(3)
of ERISA. With respect to the Plans of the Restricted Entities, no material
Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction has occurred and exists.

 4.14 TAXES. Each Restricted Entity has filed all United States federal,
state, and local income tax returns and all other domestic and foreign tax
returns which are required to be filed by such Person and has paid, or provided
for the payment before the same became delinquent of, all taxes due pursuant to
such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the such Person.

 -36-

The charges, accruals, and reserves on the books of the Restricted Entities in
respect of taxes are adequate in accordance with GAAP.

 4.15 TRUE AND COMPLETE DISCLOSURE. All factual information furnished by or
on behalf of any Credit Party in writing to the Agent or any Bank in connection
with the Credit Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is true and
accurate in all material respects on the date as of which such information was
dated or certified and does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or
omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements contained
therein not misleading. All projections, estimates, and pro forma financial
information furnished by any Credit Party were prepared on the basis of
assumptions, data, information, tests, or conditions believed to be reasonable
at the time such projections, estimates, and pro forma financial information
were furnished.

ARTICLE 5. COVENANTS.

 Until the Agent and the Banks receive irrevocable payment of the Credit
Obligations and have terminated this Agreement and each other Credit Document,
the Borrower shall comply with and cause compliance with the following
covenants:

 5.1 ORGANIZATION; MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTIES. The Borrower shall cause each
Restricted Entity to (a) maintain itself as an entity (i) duly organized,
validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of each such Person's
respective jurisdiction of organization and (ii) duly licensed, qualified to do
business, and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such Person is
organized, owns property, or conducts operations and which requires such
licensing or qualification and where failure to be so licensed, qualified, or in
good standing could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
(b) maintain all franchises, licenses, rights, privileges, and intangible
properties necessary in the conduct of its business, if any, (c) duly observe
and conform to all material requirements of any governmental authorities
relative to the conduct of its business or the operation of its Property, if
such failure duly to observe and conform to said requirements would have a
Material Adverse Effect or is likely to result in criminal prosecution; and (d)
will at all times keep complete and accurate records of (i) Inventory on a basis
consistent with past practices of the Borrower, itemizing and describing the
kind, type and quantity of Inventory and the Borrower's cost therefor and
current pricing information for such Inventory, and (ii) all other Collateral on
a basis consistent with past practices of the Borrower.

 5.2 REPORTING. The Borrower shall furnish to the Agent all of the
following:

 (a) ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORTS. As soon as available and in any event not
later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, (i) a copy
of the annual audit report for such fiscal year for the Borrower, including
therein the consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower as of the end of such
fiscal year and the consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity, and
cash flows for the Borrower for such fiscal year, setting forth the consolidated
financial position and results of the Borrower for such fiscal year and
certified, without any qualification or limit of the scope of the examination of
matters relevant to the financial statements, by a nationally recognized
certified public accounting firm, (ii) separately reported information regarding
operating divisions and Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are not

 -37-

Guarantors, including a statement of dividends received by the Borrower and the
Guarantors from such non-guarantor Subsidiaries of the Borrower; and (iii) a
completed Compliance Certificate duly certified by a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower;

 (b) QUARTERLY FINANCIAL REPORTS. As soon as available and in any event not
later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, (i) a copy of the
internally prepared consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for such
quarter and for the fiscal year to date period ending on the last day of such
quarter, including therein the consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower as of
the end of such month and the consolidated statements of income, and cash flows
for such quarter and for such fiscal year to date period, setting forth the
consolidated financial position and results of the Borrower for such quarter and
fiscal year to date period, all in reasonable detail and duly certified by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower as having been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, including those applicable to interim
financial reports which permit normal year end adjustments and do not require
complete financial notes; (ii) separately reported information regarding
operating divisions and Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are not Guarantors,
including a statement of dividends received by the Borrower and the Guarantors
from such non-guarantor Subsidiaries of the Borrower; and (iii) a completed
Compliance Certificate duly certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower;

 (c) SEC FILINGS. As soon as available and in any event not later than
thirty days after the filing or delivery thereof, copies of all financial
statements, reports, and proxy statements which the Borrower shall have sent to
its stockholders generally and copies of all regular and periodic reports, if
any, which any Restricted Entity shall have filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission;

 (d) DEFAULTS. Promptly, but in any event within five Business Days after
the discovery thereof, a notice of any facts known to any Restricted Entity
which constitute a Default, together with a statement of a Responsible Officer
of the Borrower setting forth the details of such facts and the actions which
the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;

 (e) LITIGATION; MATERIAL CONTINGENT LIABILITIES; MATERIAL AGREEMENT
DEFAULTS. The Borrower shall provide to the Banks:

 (i) promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of all actions,
 suits, and proceedings before any court or governmental department,
 commission, board, bureau, agency, or instrumentality, domestic or foreign,
 affecting any Restricted Entity which, if determined adversely, could
 reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

 (ii) promptly after acquiring knowledge thereof, notice of any actual
 or potential material contingent liabilities, including without limitation
 any actual or potential material contingent liability in an amount which
 equals or exceeds 1,000,000; and

 (iii) promptly after obtaining knowledge thereof, notice of any breach
 by any Restricted Entity of any contract or agreement which breach could
 reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect;

 -38-

(f) MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECTS. Prompt written notice of any condition or
event of which any Restricted Entity has knowledge, which condition or event has
resulted in or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
and

 (g) OTHER INFORMATION. Such other information respecting the business
operations or property of any Restricted Entity, financial or otherwise, or the
Collateral as the Agent or the Banks may from time to time request in their
reasonable discretion, including the items described above in this Section 5.2
at different times than specified above.

 5.3 INSPECTION. The Borrower shall cause each Restricted Entity to permit
the Agent and the Banks to visit and inspect any of the properties of such
Restricted Entity, to examine all of such Person's books of account, records,
reports, and other papers, to make copies and extracts therefrom, and to discuss
their respective affairs, finances, and accounts with their respective officers,
employees, and independent public accountants all at such reasonable times and
as often as may be reasonably requested provided that the Borrower is given at
least one Business Day advance notice thereof and reasonable opportunity to be
present when independent public accountants or other third parties are
contacted.

 5.4 USE OF PROCEEDS. The proceeds of Advances and Letters of Credit shall
be used by the Borrower only to refinance Borrower's existing indebtedness and
for general corporate and working capital purposes, Capital Expenditures,
Permitted Acquisitions, Permitted Investments, and other lawful corporate
purposes. The Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, use any part of such
proceeds for any purpose which violates, or is inconsistent with, Regulations T,
U, or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

 5.5 FINANCIAL COVENANTS. The Agent shall determine compliance with the
following financial covenants based upon the most recent financial statements
dated as of the end of a fiscal quarter delivered to the Agent pursuant to
Section 5.2(b) (except when available at the time of testing the audited
financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.2(a) shall be used):

 (a) FUNDED DEBT TO EBITDA RATIO. The Borrower shall not permit the ratio of
(i) the consolidated Funded Debt of the Borrower as of the last day of each
fiscal quarter to (ii) the consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower for the four
quarters then ended (plus, without duplication, the consolidated EBITDA for such
period of any Person or assets acquired by the Borrower by Acquisition during
such period to the extent permitted or under Section 5.9 below), to be greater
than 2.50 to 1.00;

 (b) FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO. As of the last day of each fiscal quarter
of the Borrower beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2001, the
Borrower shall not permit the ratio of (i)(A) the consolidated EBITDA of the
Borrower for the preceding four fiscal quarters then ended LESS (B) the
consolidated cash taxes paid by the Borrower for such period LESS (C) the
Adjusted Capital Expenditures for such period LESS (D) the consolidated Dividend
Payments of the Borrower for such period to (ii) the consolidated Fixed Charges
of the Borrower for such period, to be less than 1.25 to 1.00;

 (c) TANGIBLE NET WORTH MINIMUM. The Borrower shall not permit its
consolidated Tangible Net Worth to be less than 125,578,000 plus an amount
equal to the sum of (a) 50 of

 -39-

the cumulative annual consolidated net earnings of the Borrower as of the end of
each fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2001 during which the Borrower has
positive net earnings (and therefore without reduction for any annual net
losses), plus (b) 100 of the net proceeds of any sale or issuance of any equity
securities of the Borrower (excluding any equity securities issued or imputed
with respect to any employee stock option plan, and including any equity
securities issued or transferred by the Borrower in connection with any
Acquisition) since September 30, 2001, to the extent such sale or issuance
increases the consolidated Tangible Net Worth of the Borrower;

 (d) MINIMUM ASSET COVERAGE RATIO. The Borrower shall not permit the ratio
of (i) (A) 85 of its Receivables PLUS (B) 50 of its Inventory PLUS (C) 50 of
its net property, plants, and equipment to (ii) total Funded Debt to be less
than 1.25 to 1.00; and

 (e) CAPITAL AND ACQUISITION EXPENDITURES. The Borrower shall not permit the
sum of (i) the aggregate consideration paid or incurred by all of the Restricted
Entities in connection with all Permitted Acquisitions during any continuous
four fiscal quarter period (including cash, indebtedness, assumed indebtedness,
and transaction related contractual payments such as amounts payable under
noncompete, consulting, and similar agreements, but excluding stock and
preferred stock of the Borrower) (the "Total Acquisition Consideration") plus
(ii) the aggregate amount of Capital Expenditures made by all of the Restricted
Entities during such period to exceed 80,000,000.

 5.6 DEBT. The Borrower shall not permit any Restricted Entity to:

 (a) create, assume, incur, suffer to exist, or in any manner become liable,
directly, indirectly, or contingently in respect of, any Debt other than
Permitted Debt; or

 (b) make any unscheduled payment of principal, interest, or other amounts
owing with respect to any Debt of such Restricted Entity (other than the Credit
Obligations), or otherwise make any payment of any such amounts prior to the
date that such amounts become due and payable under the terms of the documents
creating such Debt without the prior written consent of the Agent.

 5.7 LIENS. The Borrower shall not permit any Restricted Entity to (a)
create, assume, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien on any of its Property
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign any right to receive its
income, except for Permitted Liens; or (b) enter into any agreement with any
Person (other than the Agent and the Banks pursuant to this Agreement)
restricting the capacity of the Borrower or any other Restricted Entity to
create Liens in favor of the Agent and the Banks.

 5.8 OTHER OBLIGATIONS.

 (a) The Borrower shall not permit any Restricted Entity to create, incur,
assume, or suffer to exist any obligations in respect of unfunded vested
benefits under any pension Plan or deferred compensation agreement; and

 (b) The Borrower shall not permit any Restricted Entity to create, incur,
assume, or suffer to exist any obligations in respect of Derivatives, other than
Derivatives used by any

 -40-

Restricted Entity in such Restricted Entity's respective business operations in
aggregate notional quantities not to exceed the reasonably anticipated
consumption of such Restricted Entity of the underlying commodity for the
relevant period, but no Derivatives which are speculative in nature.

 5.9 CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS. The Borrower shall not and shall not permit any
other Restricted Entity to (1) merge or consolidate with or be a party to a
merger or consolidation with any other Person, (2) make any Acquisition, (3)
assign, sell, lease, dispose of, or otherwise transfer any assets outside of the
ordinary course of business, including wholesale sales of accounts receivable,
or (4) enter into any binding agreement regarding any of the foregoing, provided
however that:

 (a) any Restricted Entity organized under a jurisdiction of the United
States may be merged or consolidated with the Borrower or any other Restricted
Entity organized under a jurisdiction of the United States provided that, in any
such merger or consolidation to which the Borrower is a party, the Borrower
shall be the continuing or surviving corporation;

 (b) any Restricted Entity may make any Acquisition (by purchase or merger)
provided that (i) the Restricted Entity is the acquiring or surviving entity (or
the surviving entity becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower in the transaction),
(ii) the aggregate consideration paid or incurred by the Restricted Entity (in
either case including cash, indebtedness, assumed indebtedness, and transaction
related contractual payments such as amounts payable under noncompete,
consulting, and similar agreements, but excluding stock and preferred stock of
the Borrower) in connection with any Acquisition does not exceed (A) at any time
when the most recently determined maximum ratio for Debt to EBITDA as measured
by Section 5.5(a) plus, to the extent approved by the Agent, EBITDA for the
acquired business, calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the
Acquisition is less than 1.50 to 1.00, 25,000,000, and (B) at any time when the
most recently determined maximum ratio for Debt to EBITDA as measured by Section
5.5(a) plus, to the extent approved by the Agent, EBITDA for the acquired
business, calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the Acquisition
is greater than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00, 15,000,000, (iii) the Acquisition
would not cause an Event of Default under Section 5.5(e); PROVIDED, that if the
Borrower provides the information specified below and obtains the approval of
the Agent and the Majority Banks, any Acquisitions made by the Restricted
Entities during the applicable period and so approved by the Agent and the
Majority Banks shall be excluded from future calculations of the Total
Acquisition Consideration, (iv) no Default or Event of Default exists and the
Acquisition would not reasonably be expected to cause a Default or Event of
Default, (v) the acquired assets are in substantially the same business as the
Borrower or any of the Restricted Entities, and (vi) the transaction is not
hostile, as reasonably determined by the Majority Banks;

 (c) any Restricted Entity organized under a jurisdiction of the United
States may sell, lease, assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any or all of
its assets (i) to the Borrower or (ii) to any other Restricted Entity organized
under a jurisdiction of the United States; and

 (d) the Borrower and the other Restricted Entities may sell (i) the capital
stock of Tetra Micronutrients, Inc. or any of its assets or the capital stock of
Damp Rid, Inc. or any of its assets and (ii) Property (A) in the ordinary course
of business, (B) in any fiscal year of the

 -41-

Borrower in an amount not to exceed 10 of Tangible Net Worth as of the end of
the prior fiscal year (excluding the sale of the capital stock of Tetra
Micronutrients, Inc. and any of its assets or the capital stock of Damp Rid,
Inc. or any of its assets), or (C) with the prior written consent of the Agent
and the Majority Banks (any sale pursuant to the foregoing (d)(B) or (C) being a
"Permitted Sale").

If the Borrower requests the approval of the Agent and the Majority Banks for
any Acquisition pursuant to the provision in Section 5.9(b)(ii) above, the
Borrower must provide the following information to the Agent for distribution to
the Banks: (A) historical financial statements regarding the Acquisition,
including at a minimum: (x) historical financial statements for the immediately
preceding three fiscal years of the acquired assets, reviewed by an independent
certified public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Agent, and (y)
interim historical financial statements for the most recent fiscal quarter of
the acquired assets, duly certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as
being, to the best of such Responsible Officer's knowledge after due inquiry,
accurate and complete and having been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, including those applicable to interim financial
reports which permit normal year end adjustments and do not require complete
financial notes; and (B) consolidated historical proforma financial statements
for the Borrower for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the
Borrower giving effect to the Acquisition, and the schedules and methods used to
prepare such proforma financial statements; (C) consolidated proforma financial
statements for the Borrower for the next four fiscal quarters of the Borrower
giving effect to the Acquisition, and the schedules and methods used to prepare
such proforma financial statements; and (D) such other information regarding the
acquired assets as the Agent or the Majority Banks may reasonably request.

 5.10 DISTRIBUTIONS. The Borrower shall not, if a Default has occurred or
shall be caused hereby, (a) declare or pay any dividends; (b) purchase, redeem,
retire, or otherwise acquire for value any of its capital stock now or hereafter
outstanding; or make any distribution of assets to its stockholders as such,
whether in cash, assets, or in obligations of it; (c) allocate or otherwise set
apart any sum for the payment of any dividend or distribution on, or for the
purchase, redemption, or retirement of, any shares of its capital stock; or (d)
make any other distribution by reduction of capital or otherwise in respect of
any shares of its capital stock.

 5.11 TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES. The Borrower shall not and shall not
permit any other Restricted Entity to enter into any transaction directly or
indirectly with or for the benefit of an Affiliate except transactions with an
Affiliate for funding of debt or equity or other advances, the leasing of
property, the rendering or receipt of services, or the purchase or sale of
inventory or other assets in the ordinary course of business if the monetary or
business consideration arising from such a transaction would be substantially as
advantageous to such Restricted Entity as the monetary or business consideration
which such Restricted Entity would obtain in a comparable arm's length
transaction.

 5.12 INSURANCE. The Borrower shall cause each Restricted Entity to maintain
insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations
reasonably acceptable to the Agent in such amounts and covering such risks as
are (a) usually carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning
similar properties in the same general areas in which such Persons operate, or
(b) reasonable under circumstances unique to the Borrower. The Borrower

 -42-

shall deliver to the Agent certificates evidencing such policies or copies of
such policies at the Agent's request following a reasonable period to obtain
such certificates taking into account the jurisdiction where the insurance is
maintained.

 5.13 INVESTMENTS. The Borrower shall not and shall not permit any other
Restricted Entity to make or hold any direct or indirect investment in any
Person, including capital contributions to the Person, investments in the debt
or equity securities of the Person, and loans, guaranties, trade credit, or
other extensions of credit to the Person, except for Permitted Investments.

 5.14 LINES OF BUSINESS; DISTRIBUTION. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries
shall not change the character of their business, taken as a whole, as conducted
on the date of this Agreement or engage in any type of business not reasonably
related to such business as presently and normally conducted.

 5.15 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Borrower shall and shall cause each
Restricted Entity to comply with all federal, state, and local laws and
regulations which are applicable to the operations and property of such Persons
and which the failure to comply with could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

 5.16 ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE. The Borrower shall and shall cause each
Restricted Entity to comply with all Environmental Laws and obtain and comply
with all related permits necessary for the ownership and operation of any such
Person's properties which the failure to comply with could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower shall and shall cause
each Restricted Entity to promptly disclose to the Banks any notice to or
investigation of such Persons for any violation or alleged violation of any
Environmental Law in connection with any such Person's presently or previously
owned properties which represent liabilities which could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower shall not and shall not permit
any Restricted Entity to create, handle, transport, use, or dispose of any
Hazardous Materials on or about any such Person's properties except in
compliance with all Environmental Laws and related permits; release any
Hazardous Materials into the environment in connection with any such Person's
operations or contaminate any properties with Hazardous Materials; or own
properties contaminated by any Hazardous Materials, in each case if such action
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. For the purposes
of this Section 5.16, any losses covered by the Borrower's reserve for
environmental losses set forth on its most recent consolidated balance sheet
shall be excluded in determining whether any Material Adverse Effect has
occurred.

 5.17 ERISA COMPLIANCE. The Borrower shall and shall cause each Restricted
Entity to (a) comply in all material respects with all applicable provisions of
ERISA and prevent the occurrence of any Reportable Event or Prohibited
Transaction with respect to, or the termination of, any of their respective
Plans where the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect and (b) not create or participate in any employee pension benefit
plan covered by Title IV of ERISA or any multiemployer plan under Section
4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

 5.18 PAYMENT OF CERTAIN CLAIMS. The Borrower shall and shall cause each
Restricted Entity to pay and discharge, before the same shall become delinquent,
(a) all taxes, assessments,

 -43-

levies, and like charges imposed upon any such Person or upon any such Person's
income, profits, or property by authorities having competent jurisdiction prior
to the date on which penalties attach thereto except for tax payments being
contested in good faith for which adequate reserves have been made and reported
in accordance with GAAP and which could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, (b) all lawful claims which are secured by or which, if
unpaid, would by law become secured by a Lien upon any such Person's property,
and (c) all trade payables and current operating liabilities, unless the same
are less than 90 days past due or are being contested in good faith, have
adequate reserves established and reported in accordance with GAAP, and could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

 5.19 SUBSIDIARIES. Upon the formation or acquisition of any new
wholly-owned Subsidiary or the conversion of an existing wholly-owned Subsidiary
into another type of entity in each case which is organized under a jurisdiction
of the United States, the Borrower shall cause (a) such Subsidiary to promptly
execute and deliver to the Agent a Joinder Agreement in substantially the form
of EXHIBIT G with such modifications thereto as the Agent may reasonably request
for the purpose of joining such Subsidiary as a party to the Guaranty and
providing to the Agent the rights of the Agent intended to be provided
thereunder; (b) such Subsidiary to promptly execute and deliver to the Agent (i)
a Security Agreement in the form of the Security Agreement executed by the
Borrower's domestic Subsidiaries on the date of this Agreement; (ii) if such
Subsidiary has any domestic Subsidiaries, a U.S. Pledge Agreement in the form of
the U.S. Pledge Agreement executed by the Borrower's domestic Subsidiaries on
the date of this Agreement granting an Acceptable Security Interest in the
equity interests of such Subsidiary's domestic Subsidiaries; and (iii) any other
security documents reasonably required under the terms of such Security
Agreement or such U.S. Pledge Agreement; and (c) the owner of such Subsidiary's
equity interests to grant an Acceptable Security Interest in such equity
interests. In connection therewith, the Borrower shall provide corporate
documentation and opinion letters reasonably satisfactory to the Agent
reflecting the corporate status of such new Subsidiary of the Borrower and the
enforceability of such agreements.

 5.20 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each Restricted Entity shall promptly cure any
defects in the creation and issuance of the Notes and the execution and delivery
of the other Credit Documents, including this Agreement. When requested by the
Agent, each Restricted Entity shall, at its own expense, promptly execute and
deliver or cause to be executed and delivered to the Agent all such other and
further documents, agreements, and instruments (a) to comply with or accomplish
the covenants and agreements in the Credit Documents, or (b) to correct any
omissions in the Credit Documents.

 5.21 MANAGEMENT. The Borrower shall give the Agent written notification of
any change in the management structure of the Borrower simultaneously with such
change in management and disclosure to shareholders.

 5.22 FOREIGN SUBSIDIARIES. The Borrower shall execute and deliver or cause
the applicable Restricted Entity to execute and deliver to the Agent the Pledge
Agreements, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and the
Majority Banks, for the purpose of pledging a minimum of 60 (and a maximum of
65 of the stock of the Subsidiaries of the Pledgor which are not organized
under a jurisdiction of the United States as security for the

 -44-

Credit Obligations; PROVIDED that the Borrower may elect not to provide Pledge
Agreements with respect to the stock of such Subsidiaries whose assets
constitute, in the aggregate, 5 or less of the consolidated assets of the
Borrower. If at any time the aggregate assets of such Subsidiaries of the
Restricted Entities whose stock is not pledged to the Agent exceeds 5 of the
consolidated assets of the Borrower, the Borrower shall, within 30 days of the
earlier of knowledge of such excess by the Borrower or notice from the Agent,
provide Pledge Agreements with respect to additional foreign Subsidiaries
sufficient to cure such excess to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent. In
connection with the foregoing, the Borrower shall provide corporate
documentation and opinion letters reasonably satisfactory to the Agent
reflecting the corporate status of such new foreign Subsidiary and the
enforceability of such agreements under the law of the jurisdiction of
organization of such new foreign Subsidiary.

ARTICLE 6. DEFAULT AND REMEDIES.

 6.1 EVENTS OF DEFAULT. The occurrence of any of the following events shall
constitute an "Event of Default" under this Agreement and any other Credit
Document:

 (a) PAYMENT FAILURE. The Borrower or any of it Subsidiaries (i) fails to
pay when due any principal amounts due under this Agreement or any other Credit
Document or (ii) fails to pay when due any interest, fees, reimbursements,
indemnifications, or other amounts due under this Agreement or any other Credit
Document and such failure has not been cured within five Business Days;

 (b) FALSE REPRESENTATION. Any representation or warranty made by the
Borrower, any Credit Party, or any officer or partner thereof in this Agreement
or in any other Credit Document is materially false or erroneous at the time it
was made or deemed made;

 (c) BREACH OF COVENANT. (i) Any breach by the Borrower of any of the
covenants contained in Sections 5.3, 5.5, 5.6, 5.7, 5.8, 5.9, 5.10, 5.11, 5.12,
5.13, or 5.14 of this Agreement, (ii) any breach by the Borrower of any of the
covenants contained in Section 5.2(b) of this Agreement and such breach is not
cured within 5 days following the earlier of knowledge of such breach by the
Borrower or the receipt of written notice thereof from the Agent or any Bank, or
(iii) any breach by the Borrower of any of the other covenants contained in this
Agreement and such breach is not cured within 30 days following the earlier of
knowledge of such breach by the Borrower or the receipt of written notice
thereof from the Agent or any Bank;

 (d) GUARANTY. (i) The Guaranty shall at any time and for any reason cease
to be in full force and effect or shall be contested by any party thereto, or
any Guarantor shall deny it has any further liability or obligation thereunder,
(ii) any breach by any Guarantor of any of the covenants contained in Section 1
of the Guaranty, or (iii) or any breach by any Guarantor of any other covenants
contained in the Guaranty or any other Credit Document and such breach is not
cured within 30 days following the earlier of knowledge of such breach by such
Guarantor or the receipt of written notice thereof from the Agent or any Bank;

 (e) CROSS DEFAULT. (i) Any principal, interest, fees, or other amounts due
on any Debt of any Restricted Entity is not paid when due, whether by scheduled
maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise, and such
failure is not cured within the

 -45-

applicable grace period, if any, and the aggregate amount of all Debt of the
Restricted Entities so in default exceeds 5,000,000; (ii) any other event shall
occur or condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any
Debt of any Restricted Entity the effect of which is to accelerate or to permit
the acceleration of the maturity of any such Debt, whether or not any such Debt
is actually accelerated, and the aggregate amount of all Debt of the Restricted
Entities so in default exceeds 5,000,000; or (iii) any Debt of any Restricted
Entity shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other
than by a regularly scheduled prepayment) prior to the stated maturity thereof,
and the aggregate amount of all Debt of the Restricted Entities so accelerated
exceeds 5,000,000;

 (f) BANKRUPTCY AND INSOLVENCY. (i) There shall have been filed against any
Restricted Entity or any such Person's properties, without such Person's
consent, any petition or other request for relief seeking an arrangement,
receivership, reorganization, liquidation, or similar relief under bankruptcy or
other laws for the relief of debtors and such request for relief (A) remains in
effect for 60 or more days, whether or not consecutive, or (B) is approved by a
final nonappealable order, or (ii) any such Person consents to or files any
petition or other request for relief of the type described in clause (i) above
seeking relief from creditors, makes any assignment for the benefit of creditors
or other arrangement with creditors, or admits in writing such Person's
inability to pay such Person's debts as they become due (Events of Default under
clause (i) and (ii) collectively being referred to as "Bankruptcy Events of
Default");

 (g) ADVERSE JUDGMENT. A judgment which has a Material Adverse Effect,
including without limitation any judgment in excess of 5,000,000 is rendered
against the Borrower or any other Restricted Entity and such judgment is not
discharged or stayed pending appeal within 45 days following its entry;

 (h) CHANGE OF CONTROL. There shall occur any Change of Control; or

 (i) SECURITY DOCUMENTS. Any Security Document shall at any time and for any
reason cease to create the Lien on the property purported to be subject to such
agreement in accordance with the terms of such agreement, or shall cease to be
in full force and effect, or shall be contested by any party thereto.

 6.2 TERMINATION OF COMMITMENTS. Upon the occurrence of any Bankruptcy Event
of Default, all of the commitments of the Agent and the Banks hereunder shall
terminate. During the existence of any Event of Default other than a Bankruptcy
Event of Default, the Agent shall at the request of the Majority Banks declare
by written notice to the Borrower all of the commitments of the Agent and the
Banks hereunder terminated, whereupon the same shall immediately terminate.

 6.3 ACCELERATION OF CREDIT OBLIGATIONS. Upon the occurrence of any
Bankruptcy Event of Default, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all
loans made hereunder, all accrued interest thereon, and all other Credit
Obligations shall immediately and automatically become due and payable. During
the existence of any Event of Default other than a Bankruptcy Event of Default,
the Agent shall at the request of the Majority Banks declare by written notice
to the Borrower the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all loans made
hereunder, all accrued interest thereon, and all other Credit Obligations to be
immediately due and payable,

 -46-

whereupon the same shall become immediately due and payable. In connection with
the foregoing, except for the notice provided for above, the Borrower waives
notice of intent to demand, demand, presentment for payment, notice of
nonpayment, protest, notice of protest, grace, notice of dishonor, notice of
intent to accelerate, notice of acceleration, and all other notices.

 6.4 CASH COLLATERALIZATION OF LETTERS OF CREDIT. Upon the occurrence of any
Bankruptcy Event of Default, the Borrower shall pay to the Agent an amount equal
to the Letter of Credit Exposure allocable to the Letters of Credit requested by
the Borrower to be held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account for
disposition in accordance with Section 2.3(g). During the existence of any Event
of Default other than a Bankruptcy Event of Default, the Agent shall at the
request of the Majority Banks require by written notice to the Borrower that the
Borrower pay to the Agent an amount equal to the Letter of Credit Exposure
allocable to the Letters of Credit requested by the Borrower to be held in the
Letter of Credit Collateral Account for disposition in accordance with Section
2.3(f), whereupon the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Agent such amount.

 6.5 DEFAULT INTEREST. If any Event of Default exists, the Agent shall at
the request of the Majority Banks declare by written notice to the Borrower that
the Credit Obligations specified in such notice shall bear interest beginning on
the date specified in such notice until paid in full at the applicable Default
Rate for such Credit Obligations, and the Borrower shall pay such interest to
the Agent for the benefit of the Agent and the Banks, as applicable, upon
demand.

 6.6 RIGHT OF SETOFF. During the existence of an Event of Default, the Agent
and each Bank is hereby authorized at any time, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, to set off and apply any indebtedness owed by the Agent or such Bank to
the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower under this
Agreement and the Credit Documents, irrespective of whether or not the Agent or
such Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement or the Credit
Documents and although such obligations may be contingent and unmatured. The
Agent and each Bank, as the case may be, agrees promptly to notify the Borrower
after any such setoff and application made by such party provided that the
failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and
application.

 6.7 ACTIONS UNDER CREDIT DOCUMENTS. Following an Event of Default, the
Agent shall at the request of the Majority Banks take any and all actions
permitted under the other Credit Documents, including the Guaranty and the
Pledge Agreements.

 6.8 REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. No right, power, or remedy conferred to the Agent
or the Banks in this Agreement and the Credit Documents, or now or hereafter
existing at law, in equity, by statute, or otherwise, shall be exclusive, and
each such right, power, or remedy shall to the full extent permitted by law be
cumulative and in addition to every other such right, power, or remedy. No
course of dealing and no delay in exercising any right, power, or remedy
conferred to the Agent or the Banks in this Agreement and the Credit Documents,
or now or hereafter existing at law, in equity, by statute, or otherwise, shall
operate as a waiver of or otherwise prejudice any such right, power, or remedy.

 -47-

6.9 APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. Prior to any payment default upon any maturity
date or any acceleration of the Credit Obligations, all payments made hereunder
shall be applied to the Credit Obligations as directed by the Borrower, subject
to the rules regarding the application of payments to certain Credit Obligations
provided for hereunder and in the Credit Documents. Following any payment
default upon any maturity date or any acceleration of the Credit Obligations,
all payments and collections shall be applied to the Credit Obligations in the
following order:

 First, to the payment of the costs, expenses, reimbursements (other
 than reimbursement obligations with respect to draws under Letters of
 Credit), and indemnifications of the Agent that are due and payable
 under the Credit Documents;

 Then, ratably to the payment of the costs, expenses, reimbursements
 (other than reimbursement obligations with respect to draws under
 Letters of Credit), and indemnifications of the Banks that are due and
 payable under the Credit Documents;

 Then, ratably to the payment of all accrued but unpaid interest and
 fees due and payable under the Credit Documents and obligations under
 Interest Hedge Agreements;

 Then, ratably to the payment of all outstanding principal and
 reimbursement obligations for draws under Letters of Credit due and
 payable under the Credit Documents;

 Then, ratably to the payment of any other amounts due and owing with
 respect to the Credit Obligations; and

 Finally, any surplus held by the Agent and remaining after payment in
 full of all the Credit Obligations and reserve for Credit Obligations
 not yet due and payable shall be promptly paid over to the Borrower or
 to whomever may be lawfully entitled to receive such surplus. All
 applications shall be distributed in accordance with Section 2.10(a).

ARTICLE 7. THE AGENT AND ISSUING BANK

 7.1 AUTHORIZATION AND ACTION. Each Bank hereby appoints and authorizes the
Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers
under this Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof and of
the other Credit Documents, together with such powers as are reasonably
incidental thereto. Statements under the Credit Documents that the Agent may
take certain actions, without further qualification, means that the Agent may
take such actions with or without the consent of the Banks or the Majority
Banks, but where the Credit Documents expressly require the determination of the
Banks or the Majority Banks, the Agent shall not take any such action without
the prior written consent thereof. As to any matters not expressly provided for
by this Agreement or any other Credit Document (including, without limitation,
enforcement or collection of the Notes), the Agent shall not be required to
exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to
refrain from acting (and shall

 -48-

be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written
instructions of the Majority Banks, and such instructions shall be binding upon
all Banks and all holders of Notes; provided, however, that the Agent shall not
be required to take any action which exposes the Agent to personal liability or
which is contrary to this Agreement, any other Credit Document, or applicable
law.

 7.2 RELIANCE, ETC. Neither the Agent, any Issuing Bank, nor any of their
respective Related Parties (for the purposes of this Section 7.2, collectively,
the "Indemnified Parties") shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be
taken by any Indemnified Party under or in connection with this Agreement or the
other Credit Documents, INCLUDING ANY INDEMNIFIED PARTY'S OWN NEGLIGENCE, except
for any Indemnified Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without
limitation of the generality of the foregoing, the Agent and any Issuing Bank:
(a) may treat the payee of any Note as the holder thereof until the Agent
receives written notice of the assignment or transfer thereof signed by such
payee and in form satisfactory to the Agent; (b) may consult with legal counsel
(including counsel for the Borrower), independent public accountants, and other
experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted
to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel,
accountants, or experts; (c) makes no warranty or representation to any Bank and
shall not be responsible to any Bank for any statements, warranties, or
representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the other Credit
Documents; (d) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the
performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants, or conditions of this
Agreement or any other Credit Document on the part of the Credit Parties or to
inspect the property (including the books and records) of the Credit Parties;
(e) shall not be responsible to any Bank for the due execution, legality,
validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency, or value of this Agreement
or any other Credit Document; and (f) shall incur no liability under or in
respect of this Agreement or any other Credit Document by acting upon any
notice, consent, certificate, or other instrument or writing (which may be by
telecopier or telex) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent
by the proper party or parties.

 7.3 AFFILIATES. With respect to its Revolving Credit Commitments, the
Advances made by it, its interests in the Letters of Credit, and the Notes
issued to it, the Agent and any Issuing Bank shall have the same rights and
powers under this Agreement as any other Bank and may exercise the same as
though it were not the Agent. The term "Bank" or "Banks" shall, unless otherwise
expressly indicated, include the Agent and any Issuing Bank in their individual
capacity. The Agent, any Issuing Bank, and their respective Affiliates may
accept deposits from, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, and
generally engage in any kind of business with, any Credit Party, and any Person
who may do business with or own securities of any Credit Party, all as if the
Agent were not an agent hereunder and such Issuing Bank were not the issuer of
Letters of Credit hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the
Banks.

 7.4 BANK CREDIT DECISION. Each Bank acknowledges that it has, independently
and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Bank and based on the Initial
Financial Statements and such other documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this
Agreement. Each Bank also acknowledges that it shall, independently and without
reliance upon the Agent or any other Bank and based on such documents and
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own
credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement.

 -49-

7.5 EXPENSES. To the extent not paid by the Borrower, each Bank severally
agrees to pay to the Agent and any Issuing Bank on demand such Bank's ratable
share of the following: (a) all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of
the Agent and such Issuing Bank in connection with the preparation, execution,
delivery, administration, modification, and amendment of this Agreement and the
other Credit Documents, including the reasonable fees and expenses of outside
counsel for the Agent and such Issuing Bank with respect to advising the Agent
and such Issuing Bank as to their respective rights and responsibilities under
this Agreement and the Credit Documents, and (b) all out-of-pocket costs and
expenses of the Agent and such Issuing Bank in connection with the preservation
or enforcement of the rights of the Agent, such Issuing Bank, and the Banks
under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, whether through
negotiations, legal proceedings, or otherwise, including fees and expenses of
counsel for the Agent and such Issuing Bank. The provisions of this paragraph
shall survive the repayment and termination of the credit provided for under
this Agreement and any purported termination of this Agreement which does not
expressly refer to this paragraph.

 7.6 INDEMNIFICATION. To the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower, each
Bank severally agrees to protect, defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the
Agent, each Issuing Bank, and each of their respective Related Parties (for the
purposes of this Section 7.6, collectively, the "Indemnified Parties"), from and
against all demands, claims, actions, suits, damages, judgments, fines,
penalties, liabilities, settlements, and out-of-pocket costs and expenses,
including reasonable costs of attorneys and related costs of experts such as
accountants (collectively, the "Indemnified Liabilities"), actually incurred by
any Indemnified Party which are related to any litigation or proceeding relating
to this Agreement, the Credit Documents, or the transactions contemplated
thereunder, INCLUDING ANY INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES CAUSED BY ANY INDEMNIFIED
PARTY'S OWN NEGLIGENCE, but not Indemnified Liabilities which are a result of
any Indemnified Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct. The provisions
of this paragraph shall survive the repayment and termination of the credit
provided for under this Agreement and any purported termination of this
Agreement which does not expressly refer to this paragraph.

 7.7 SUCCESSOR AGENT AND ISSUING BANK. The Agent or any Issuing Bank may
resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Banks and the
Borrower. Upon receipt of notice of any such resignation, the Majority Banks
shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent or Issuing Bank with the
consent of the Borrower, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. If no
successor Agent or Issuing Bank shall have been so appointed by the Majority
Banks with the consent of the Borrower, and shall have accepted such
appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Agent's or Issuing Bank's giving
of notice of, then the retiring Agent or Issuing Bank may, on behalf of the
Banks and the Borrower, appoint a successor Agent or Issuing Bank, which shall
be, in the case of a successor agent, a commercial bank organized under the laws
of the United States of America or of any State thereof and having a combined
capital and surplus of at least 500,000,000 and, in the case of an Issuing
Bank, a Bank. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Agent or Issuing Bank by
a successor Agent or Issuing Bank, such successor Agent or Issuing Bank shall
thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges,
and duties of the retiring Agent or Issuing Bank, and the retiring Agent or
Issuing Bank shall be discharged from any duties and obligations under this
Agreement and the other Credit Documents after such acceptance, except that the
retiring Issuing Bank shall remain the Issuing Bank with respect to any Letters
of Credit outstanding on the

 -50-

effective date of its resignation and the provisions affecting the Issuing Bank
with respect to such Letters of Credit shall inure to the benefit of the
retiring Issuing Bank until the termination of all such Letters of Credit. After
any Agent's or Issuing Bank's resignation hereunder as Agent or Issuing Bank,
the provisions of this Article 7 shall inure to such Person's benefit as to any
actions taken or omitted to be taken by such Person while such Person was Agent
or Issuing Bank under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents.

 7.8 OTHER AGENTS; LEAD MANAGERS. None of the Banks identified on facing
page or signature pages of this Agreement as a Syndication Agent shall have any
right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement
other than those applicable to all Banks as such. Without limiting the
foregoing, none of the Banks so identified shall have or be deemed to have any
fiduciary relationship with any Bank. Each Bank acknowledges that it has not
relied, and will not rely, on any Banks so identified in deciding to enter into
this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder.

ARTICLE 8. MISCELLANEOUS.

 8.1 EXPENSES. The Borrower shall pay on demand of the applicable party
specified herein (a) all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the
Agent and each Issuing Bank in connection with the preparation, execution,
delivery, administration, modification, and amendment of this Agreement and the
other Credit Documents, including the reasonable fees and expenses of outside
counsel for the Agent and such Issuing Bank, but not for each Bank, and (b) all
out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Agent, such Issuing Bank, and each Bank
in connection with the preservation or enforcement of their respective rights
under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents following any Event of
Default, whether through negotiations, legal proceedings, or otherwise,
including fees and expenses of counsel for the Agent, such Issuing Bank, and
each Bank. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive the repayment and
termination of the credit provided for under this Agreement and any purported
termination of this Agreement which does not expressly refer to this paragraph.

 8.2 INDEMNIFICATION.

 (a) The Borrower agrees to protect, defend, indemnify, and hold harmless
the Agent, each Issuing Bank, each Bank, and each of their respective Related
Parties (for the purposes of this Section 8.2, collectively, the "Indemnified
Parties"), from and against all demands, claims, actions, suits, damages,
judgments, fines, penalties, liabilities, settlements, and out-of-pocket costs
and expenses, including reasonable costs of attorneys and related costs of
experts such as accountants (collectively, the "Indemnified Liabilities"),
actually incurred by any Indemnified Party which are related to any litigation
or proceeding relating to this Agreement, the Credit Documents, or the
transactions contemplated thereunder, INCLUDING ANY INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES
CAUSED BY ANY INDEMNIFIED PARTY'S OWN NEGLIGENCE, but not Indemnified
Liabilities which are a result of any Indemnified Party's gross negligence or
willful misconduct. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive the repayment
and termination of the credit provided for under this Agreement and any
purported termination of this Agreement which does not expressly refer to this
paragraph.

 -51-

(b) Within a reasonable period of time after any Indemnified Party receives
actual notice of the assertion of any claim or the commencement of any action,
or any threatened claim or action, which is covered by this Section 8.2, such
Indemnified Party shall, if indemnification with respect thereof is intended to
be sought from the Borrower under this Section 8.2, notify the Borrower of such
claim or action; provided that the failure to so notify the Borrower shall not
relieve the Borrower from any liability which the Borrower may have to such
Indemnified Party hereunder. If any such claim or action shall be brought or
threatened against an Indemnified Party by a third party, the Borrower shall be
entitled to participate in the defense thereof so long as no Event of Default
exists. No consent order or settlement shall be entered into by an Indemnified
Party with respect to any such third party claim or action prior to notification
of and consultation with the Borrower, so long as no Event of Default exists;
provided that the failure to so notify or consult with the Borrower shall not
relieve the Borrower from any liability which the Borrower may have to such
Indemnified Party hereunder.

 8.3 MODIFICATIONS, WAIVERS, AND CONSENTS. No modification or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement or the Notes, nor any consent required under this
Agreement or the Notes, shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing
and signed by the Agent and Majority Banks and the Borrower, and then such
modification, waiver, or consent shall be effective only in the specific
instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that
no modification, waiver, or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the
Agent, all the Banks, and the Borrower do any of the following: (a) waive any of
the conditions specified in Section 3.1 or 3.2, (b) increase the Revolving
Credit Commitments of the Banks, (c) forgive or reduce the amount or rate of any
principal, interest, fees, or other amounts payable under the Credit Documents,
or postpone or extend the time for payment thereof, (d) release any Guaranty or
any material amount of collateral securing the Credit Obligations, or (e) change
the percentage of Banks required to take any action under this Agreement, the
Notes, or the other Credit Documents, including any amendment of the definition
of "Majority Banks" or of this Section 8.3; PROVIDED however that upon any
Permitted Sale of Property constituting collateral securing the Credit
Obligations, the liens securing such collateral shall be released by the Agent
in accordance with Section 4.05 of the Security Agreements, without requirement
for the consent of the Banks. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 8.3, the Agent shall execute and deliver, on behalf of itself and the
Banks, releases of all collateral other than (i) the capital stock of the
Borrower's domestic Subsidiaries, (ii) 60 of the capital stock of the
Borrower's foreign Subsidiaries, and (iii) the Borrower's Inventory, Receivables
and related general intangibles. No modification, waiver, or consent shall,
unless in writing and signed by the Agent or any Issuing Bank affect the rights
or obligations of the Agent or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, under the
Credit Documents. The Agent shall not modify or waive or grant any consent under
any other Credit Document if such action would be prohibited under this Section
8.3 with respect to the Credit Agreement or the Notes.

 8.4 SURVIVAL OF AGREEMENTS. All representations, warranties, and covenants
of the Borrower in this Agreement and the Credit Documents shall survive the
execution of this Agreement and the Credit Documents and any other document or
agreement.

 8.5 ASSIGNMENT AND PARTICIPATION. This Agreement and the Credit Documents
shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Borrower and their respective
successors and assigns and the

 -52-

Agent and the Banks and their respective successors and assigns. The Borrower
may not assign its rights or delegate its duties under this Agreement or any
Credit Document.

 (a) ASSIGNMENTS. Any Bank may assign to one or more banks or other entities
all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement
(including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Revolving Credit
Commitments, the Advances owing to it, the Notes held by it, and the
participation interest in the Letters of Credit owned by it); provided, however,
that (i) each such assignment shall be of a constant, and not a varying,
percentage of all of such Bank's rights and obligations under this Agreement,
(ii) assignments of Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made in minimum
amounts of 5,000,000 and be made in integral multiples of 1,000,000 and the
assigning Bank, if it retains any Revolving Credit Commitments, shall maintain
at least 5,000,000 in Revolving Credit Commitments, (iii) each such assignment
shall be to an Eligible Assignee, (iv) the parties to each such assignment shall
execute and deliver to the Agent, for its acceptance and recording in the
Register, an Assignment and Acceptance, together with the Notes subject to such
assignment, and (v) each Eligible Assignee (other than the Eligible Assignee of
the Agent) shall pay to the Agent a 3,500 administrative fee. Upon such
execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date
specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, which effective date shall be at
least three Business Days after the execution thereof, (A) the assignee
thereunder shall be a party hereto for all purposes and, to the extent that
rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to such
Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Bank hereunder
and (B) such Bank thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations
hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance,
relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under this Agreement
(and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all or the remaining
portion of such Bank's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Bank
shall cease to be a party hereto).

 (b) TERM OF ASSIGNMENTS. By executing and delivering an Assignment and
Acceptance, the Bank thereunder and the assignee thereunder confirm to and agree
with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (i) other than as
provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such Bank makes no representation or
warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements,
warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or
the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency of
value of this Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant
hereto; (ii) such Bank makes no representation or warranty and assumes no
responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Credit Party or
the performance or observance by any Credit Party of any of its obligations
under this Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant
hereto; (iii) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this
Agreement, together with copies of the Initial Financial Statements and such
other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own
credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (iv)
such assignee shall, independently and without reliance upon the Agent, such
Bank or any other Bank and based on such documents and information as it shall
deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in
taking or not taking action under this Agreement; (v) such assignee appoints and
authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise
such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by the terms
hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and

 -53-

(vi) such assignee agrees that it shall perform in accordance with their terms
all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be
performed by it as a Bank.

 (c) THE REGISTER. The Agent shall maintain at its address referred to in
Section 8.6 a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted
by it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Banks
and the Revolving Credit Commitments of each Bank from time to time (the
"Register"). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Agent, each Issuing Bank,
and the Banks may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a
Bank hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be
available for inspection by the Borrower or any Bank at any reasonable time and
from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

 (d) PROCEDURES. Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed
by a Bank and an Eligible Assignee, together with the Notes subject to such
assignment, the Agent shall, if such Assignment and Acceptance has been
completed in the appropriate form, (i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance,
(ii) record the information contained therein in the Register, and (iii) give
prompt notice thereof to the Borrower. Within five Business Days after its
receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Agent in
exchange for the surrendered Notes a new Note to the order of such Eligible
Assignee in an amount equal to the Revolving Credit Commitment assumed by it
pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance and, if such Bank has retained any
Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder, a new Note to the order of such Bank in
an amount equal to the Revolving Credit Commitment retained by it hereunder.
Such new Notes shall be dated the effective date of such Assignment and
Acceptance and shall be in the appropriate form.

 (e) PARTICIPATION. Each Bank may sell participations to one or more banks
or other entities in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under
this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Revolving
Credit Commitments, the Advances owing to it, its participation interest in the
Letters of Credit, and the Notes held by it); provided, however, that (i) such
Bank's obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its
Revolving Credit Commitments to the Borrower hereunder) shall remain unchanged,
(ii) such Bank shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for
the performance of such obligations, (iii) such Bank shall remain the holder of
any such Notes for all purposes of this Agreement, (iv) the Borrower, the Agent,
each Issuing Bank and the other Banks shall continue to deal solely and directly
with such Bank in connection with such Bank's rights and obligations under this
Agreement, and (v) such Bank shall not require the participant's consent to any
matter under this Agreement, except for change in the principal amount of the
Notes, reductions in fees or interest, extending the applicable maturity date,
or releasing any collateral or guarantor. The Borrower hereby agrees that
participants shall have the same rights under Sections 2.6, 2.7, 2.8, 2.9, 2.11
and 8.2 as a Bank to the extent of their respective participation.

 8.6 NOTICE. All notices and other communications under this Agreement and
the Notes shall be in writing and mailed by certified mail (return receipt
requested), telecopied, telexed, hand delivered, or delivered by a nationally
recognized overnight courier, to the address for the appropriate party specified
in SCHEDULE I or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a
written notice to the other parties. Mailed notices shall be effective when

 -54-

received. Telecopied or telexed notices shall be effective when transmission is
completed or confirmed by telex answerback. Delivered notices shall be effective
when delivered by messenger or courier. Notwithstanding the foregoing, notices
and communications to the Agent pursuant to Article 2 or 7 shall not be
effective until received by the Agent.

 8.7 CHOICE OF LAW. This Agreement and the Notes have been prepared, are
being executed and delivered, and are intended to be performed in the State of
Texas, and the substantive laws of the State of Texas and the applicable federal
laws of the United States shall govern the validity, construction, enforcement,
and interpretation of this Agreement and the Notes; provided however, Chapter
346 the Texas Finance Code does not apply to this Agreement or the Notes. Each
Letter of Credit shall be governed by the Uniform Customs and Practice for
Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 500 (1993
version).

 8.8 FORUM SELECTION. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION
OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS AND OF ANY FEDERAL COURT LOCATED IN SUCH
STATE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THE CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR ANY TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO. THE BORROWER AGREES
AND SHALL NOT CONTEST THAT PROPER FORUM AND VENUE FOR ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR ANY TRANSACTIONS RELATING
THERETO ARE IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS IN HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS, AND THE
FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE FOREGOING BASED UPON
CLAIMS THAT THE FOREGOING COURTS ARE AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

 8.9 SERVICE OF PROCESS. IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THE CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR ANY TRANSACTIONS RELATING THERETO, THE
BORROWER WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT, OR OTHER PROCESS OR
NOTICE AND AGREES THAT SERVICE BY FIRST CLASS MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, TO
THE BORROWER AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES HEREUNDER, OR ANY OTHER FORM OF SERVICE
PROVIDED FOR IN THE TEXAS CIVIL PRACTICE LAW AND RULES THEN IN EFFECT SHALL
CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE UPON THE BORROWER.

 8.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE CREDIT
DOCUMENTS OR ANY TRANSACTIONS RELATING THERETO.

 8.11 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

 8.12 CONFIDENTIALITY. Each Bank acknowledges that it shall receive
information regarding the Borrower's business operations and financial condition
which is not available to the public. Each Bank agrees to maintain the
confidentiality of such nonpublic information

 -55-

according to such Bank's standard practices for such nonpublic client
information, but such policies including the sharing of such information with
auditors, accountants, and legal advisors, and as required by law. Each Bank may
share such information with potential participants and assigns of its interests
under the Credit Documents if such transferees agree in writing to maintain the
confidentiality of such information in the same manner.

 8.13 NO FURTHER AGREEMENTS. THIS WRITTEN AGREEMENT AND THE CREDIT DOCUMENTS
REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY
EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE
PARTIES.

THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES.

 -56-

EXECUTED as of the date first above written.

 BORROWER:

 TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

 By: /s/ Joseph M. Abell
 -------------------
 Joseph M. Abell
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 -57-

AGENT:

 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent

 By: /s/ Suzanne M. Paul
 -------------------
 Suzanne M. Paul
 Vice President

 -58-

BANKS:

 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.

 By: /s/ Gary Mingle
 ---------------
 Gary Mingle
 Senior Vice President

 Revolving Credit Commitment: 30,000,000.00

 -59-

BANK ONE, NA

 By: /s/ Mark Wayne
 --------------
 Mark Wayne
 Vice President

 Revolving Credit Commitment: 30,000,000.00

 -60-

WELLS FARGO BANK TEXAS, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

 By: /s/ Philip C. Lauinger III
 --------------------------
 Philip C. Lauinger III
 Senior Relationship Manager

 Revolving Credit Commitment: 20,000,000.00

 -61-

REAFFIRMATION OF GUARANTY

 Each of the undersigned (each, a "Guarantor"), has executed the Guaranty
dated as of May 12, 2000 ("Guaranty"), guaranteeing payment of the Borrower's
obligations under the Credit Agreement and the Credit Documents and certain
other amounts in accordance with the Guaranty. Each Guarantor has reviewed this
Agreement, and hereby approves it. Each Guarantor represents and warrants that
such Guarantor knows of no defenses to the enforcement of the Guaranty and that
according to its terms the Guaranty will continue in full force and effect with
respect to the Credit Documents, as amended, following the execution of this
Agreement. The signature of this document does not indicate or establish a
requirement that the Guaranty requires the respective Guarantor's approval of
amendments and restatements to the Agreement, but has been furnished to the
Agent as a courtesy at the Agent's request. On the foregoing terms, this
Agreement is hereby approved:

 TETRA APPLIED TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
 TETRA INTERNATIONAL INCORPORATED
 TETRA MICRONUTRIENTS, INC.
 TETRA PROCESS SERVICES, L.C.
 TETRA THERMAL, INC.
 MARITECH RESOURCES, INC.
 SEAJAY INDUSTRIES, INC.
 AMERICAN MICROBIAL TECHNOLOGY, INC.
 DAMP RID, INC.

 By: /s/ Bass C. Wallace, Jr.
 ------------------------
 Bass C. Wallace, Jr.
 Secretary

 TETRA INVESTMENT HOLDING CO., INC.

 By: /s/ Bruce A. Cobb
 -----------------
 Bruce A. Cobb
 Treasurer

T-PRODUCTION TESTING, LLC

 By: TETRA APPLIED TECHNOLOGIES, INC., its sole member

 By: /s/ Bass C. Wallace, Jr.
 -----------------------
 Bass C. Wallace, Jr.
 Secretary

 TETRA REAL ESTATE, LLC

 By: TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,
 its sole member

 By: /s/ Joseph M. Abell
 -------------------
 Joseph M. Abell
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 TETRA REAL ESTATE, LP

 By: TETRA REAL ESTATE, LLC,
 its general partner

 By: TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,
 its sole member

 By: /s/ Joseph M. Abell
 -------------------
 Joseph M. Abell
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 -2-

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 4
 a2075175zex-10_8.txt
 EXHIBIT 10-8

EXHIBIT 10.8
March 20, 2002

Gary C. Hanna
3773 Robinhood St.
Houston, TX 77005

Dear Gary:

The purpose of this letter is to set forth our agreement with regard to certain
terms of your employment. As you know, you are an at-will employee of TETRA
Technologies, Inc.

We have agreed that you will receive, in addition to your annual base salary, a
bonus based on the production revenues of TETRA's Maritech Resources, Inc.
subsidiary from its sale of oil and gas, net of applicable royalties and
production taxes. This bonus will be calculated and paid on a quarterly basis
throughout the year.

Furthermore, if the closing of any sale of a controlling interest in the capital
stock of Maritech Resources, Inc. to a entity not affiliated with you occurs
while you are employed by TETRA or within 30 days after any termination of such
employment, TETRA will continue to pay you your then current salary for a period
of two years thereafter. In addition, TETRA will also make a payment to you each
calendar quarter during those two years equal to the average quarterly bonus
paid to you over the four quarters prior to the termination of your employment.
You will not receive any of this continued salary and bonus if (i) some or all
of the assets of Maritech Resources, Inc. or some or all of the assets or the
capital stock or other equity interests of TETRA Technologies, Inc. or any of
its subsidiaries or affiliates (including without limitation TETRA Applied
Technologies, L.P.) other than the capital stock of Maritech Resources, Inc. are
sold or (ii) some or all of the shares of capital stock of Maritech Resources,
Inc. are distributed to the shareholders of TETRA or contributed by TETRA to a
joint venture.

This letter agreement supercedes any and all prior agreements, representations
and understandings between you and TETRA and any of its affiliates and
subsidiaries, written or oral, other than the General Employment Agreement
between you and TETRA. If you agree that this letter agreement accurately sets
forth our agreement, please sign below and return it to me.

Very truly yours,

TETRA Technologies, Inc.

/s/ Geoffrey M. Hertel

Geoffrey M. Hertel
President and Chief Executive Officer

Agreed to and accepted this March 26, 2002 by:

/s/ Gary C. Hanna
- -----------------------------
Gary C. Hanna

</EX-10.8>

<EX-21>
 5
 a2075175zex-21.txt
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21

 TETRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
 List of Subsidiaries or Other Related Entities

Damp Rid, Inc.
 TETRA F.S.C. Limited(1)

TETRA Micronutrients, Inc.
 SeaJay Industries, Inc.
 TETRA Agricultural Products de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.(2)

TETRA International Incorporated
 TETRA de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
 TETRA Technologies de Venezuela, S.A.
 TETRA Technologies do Brasil, Ltda.
 TETRA Technologies (U.K.) Limited
 TETRA Technologies de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
 TETRA Technologies Nigeria Limited

TETRA Technologies Australia Pty Ltd

TETRA Thermal, Inc.
 TPS Holding Company, LLC
 TETRA Process Services, L.C.

TETRA Applied Holding Company
 TETRA Applied LP, LLC
 TETRA Applied GP, LLC
 TETRA Applied Technologies, LP(3)
 T-Production Testing LLC
 Maritech Resources, Inc.
 TETRA Production Testing GP, LLC
 TETRA Production Testing Services, L.P.(4)

TETRA Investment Holding Co., Inc.
TETRA Real Estate, LLC
 TETRA Real Estate, L.P.(5)

TETRA Financial Services, Inc.

TETRA (U.K.) Limited

- ----------
(1) TETRA Technologies, Inc. owns 33-1/3 ; TETRA International Incorporated
 owns 33-1/3 and Damp Rid, Inc. owns 33-1/3 .
(2) TETRA Micronutrients, Inc. owns 99.99 and TETRA Technologies, Inc. owns
 .01 .
(3) TETRA Applied LP, LLC owns 99.9 and TETRA Applied GP, LLC owns .1 .
(4) TETRA Applied Technologies, L.P. owns 99.9 and TETRA Production Testing
 GP, LLC owns .1 .
(5) TETRA Investment Holding Co., Inc. owns 99.9 and TETRA Real Estate, LLC
 owns .1 .

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 a2075175zex-23.txt
 EXHIBIT 23

EXHIBIT 23

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration
Statements previously filed by TETRA Technologies, Inc. of our report dated
February 20, 2002, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and
schedule of TETRA Technologies, Inc. included in the Annual Report (Form 10-K)
for the year ended December 31, 2001:

 Form S-8 (No. 333-40509) 1996 Stock Option Plan for Non-Executive Employees
 and Consultants
 Form S-8 (No. 33-41337) 401(k) Retirement Plan
 Form S-8 (No. 33-35750) 1990 Stock Option Plan
 Form S-8 (No. 33-76804) 1993 Director Stock Option Plan
 Form S-8 (No. 33-76806) 1990 Stock Option Plan
 Form S-8 (No. 333-04284) 401(k) Retirement Plan
 Form S-8 (No. 333-09889) 1990 Stock Option Plan
 Form S-8 (No. 333-61988) 1990 Stock Option Plan, as amended, and TETRA
 Technologies, Inc. 1996 Stock Option Plan for Non-Executive Employees
 and Consultants
 Form S-8 (No. 333-84444) Non-Qualified Stock Option

Houston, Texas
March 26, 2002

</EX-23>

