<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20030327_10-K_edgar_data_919865_0000926044-03-000085.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>340828</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>172825</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2722</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>83082</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>0</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000926044-03-000085.hdr.sgml : 20030327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20030327151730
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000926044-03-000085
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20021231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20030327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FENTURA FINANCIAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000919865
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				382806518
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23550
		FILM NUMBER:		03620765

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		175 NORTH LAROY
		CITY:			FENTON
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48430-0725
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8106292263

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 JypxmM0hmOd0wJfSZmifo07wYEjrP2PeBDLInl7KK3xFVT9vQirNkmz2BXgLPZkS
 /dGxWIhVeuC3X98oZYrxDQ==

 0000926044-03-000085.txt : 20030327

10-K
 1
 fentura10k_123102.htm

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC. FORM 10-K 

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

[ X ] 
 
ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 

[ ] 
 
TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

For the transition period from_______________ to ______________ 

Commission file
number 0-23550 

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC. 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Michigan 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 175 North Leroy, Fenton, Michigan 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 38-2806518 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 48430-0725 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (810) 750-8725 

 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None 

 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. 
 X No 

Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is an accelerated filer (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12-b-2). 
 Yes No X . 

State the aggregate market value
of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by nonaffiliates of the registrant computed
by reference to the price at which the common equity was sold, or the average bid and
asked prices of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second quarter. 

Aggregate Market Value
as of June 30, 2002: 54,621,284. 

State the number of shares
outstanding of each of issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest
practicable date. 1,713,430 shares of Common Stock as of March 1, 2003. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the Fentura Financial,
Inc. Proxy Statement for its annual meeting of shareholders to be held April 30, 2003 and
its Rule 14a-3 annual report are incorporated by reference into Parts II and III. 

1 

Fentura Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 2002 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 Table Of Contents 

Page 

PART I 
 Item 1. Description of Business 
 Item 2. Description of Property 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 Additional Item - Executive Officers of Registrant 
 
PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Item 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
PART III 
 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 Item 14. Controls and Procedures 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K 
 
SIGNATURES 
 
EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
3 
9 
9 
9 
10 

10 
11 
11 
11 
11 
11 

11 
11 
12 
12 
12 
13 
 
14 
 
17 

2 

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF
BUSINESS 

The Company 

Fentura Financial,
Inc. (the Company or Fentura is a financial holding company
headquartered in Fenton, Michigan. As of December 31, 2002, Fentura owned two banks, see
 The Banks below. All information in this Item 1 is as of December 31, 2002.
The Company s subsidiary banks operate nine community banking offices offering a full
range of banking services principally to individuals, small business, and government
entities throughout mid-Michigan. At the close of business on December 31, 2002, the
Company had assets of 340 million, deposits of 296 million, and shareholders 
equity of 40 million. Trust assets under management totaled 56 million. 

Fentura
was incorporated in 1987 to serve as the holding company of its sole subsidiary bank, The
State Bank TSB or one of the Banks ). TSB traces its origins to
its predecessor, The Commercial Savings Bank of Fenton, which was incorporated in 1898.
See The Banks . On March 13, 2000 a second bank subsidiary, Davison State Bank DSB or one of the Banks commenced operation. 

In
August of 2000 Fentura converted from a bank holding company to a financial holding
company registered with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System under the
Bank Holding Company Act and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the GLB Act ). The
Company has corporate power to engage in such activities as are permitted to business
corporations under the Michigan Business Corporation Act, subject to the limitations of
the Bank Holding Company Act and GLB Act and regulations of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System. In general, the Bank Holding Company Act and regulations restrict
the Company with respect to its own activities that are closely related to the business of
banking. The GLB Act and regulations expand the authority of bank holding companies that
are also financial holding companies allowing them to enter into business combinations
with other financial institutions, including insurance companies, and securities firms to
create a single financial services organization in order to offer customers a more
complete array of financial products and services. See Supervision and
Regulation. 

The
Company s principal executive offices are located at 175 North Leroy, Fenton,
Michigan 48430-0725, and its telephone number is (810) 750-8725. 

The Banks 

TSB s
original predecessor was incorporated as a state banking corporation under the laws of
Michigan on September 16, 1898 under the name The Commercial Savings Bank of
Fenton. In 1931, it changed its name to State Savings Bank of Fenton, and in 1988
became The State Bank. For over 100 years TSB has been engaged in the general banking
business in the Fenton, Michigan area. Its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ), but it is not a member of the Federal
Reserve System. As a state bank, it is subject to federal and state laws applicable to
banks and to regulation and supervision by the FDIC and the Michigan Office of Financial
and Insurance Services, Division of Financial Institutions. See Supervision and
Regulation. 

DSB
commenced operations on March 13, 2000, and is engaged in the general banking business in
the Davison, Michigan area. Its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (the FDIC ), but it is not a member of the Federal Reserve System.
As a state bank, it is subject to federal and state laws applicable to banks and to
regulation and supervision by the FDIC and the Michigan Office of Financial and Insurance
Services, Division of Financial Institutions. See Supervision and Regulation. 

3 

Both
Banks are community-oriented providers of financial services engaged in the business of
general commercial banking. Their activities include investing in state and federal
securities, accepting demand deposits, savings and other time deposits, extending retail,
commercial, consumer and real estate loans to individuals and businesses, providing safe
deposit boxes and credit card services, transmitting funds and providing other services
generally associated with full service commercial banking. Lending is focused on
individuals and small businesses in the local market regions of the Banks. In addition,
TSB operates a trust department offering a full range of fiduciary services. 

TSB
is headquartered in the City of Fenton, Michigan, and considers its primary service area
to be portions of Genesee, Oakland, and Livingston counties in Michigan. As of December
31, 2002, TSB operated four offices and a operations center in the City of Fenton,
Michigan, one office in the City of Linden, Michigan, one office in the Village of Holly,
Michigan, and two offices in the Township of Grand Blanc, Michigan. Its main office is
located downtown Fenton. 

DSB
is headquartered in the Township of Davison, Michigan, and considers its primary service
area to be portions of Genesee and Lapeer Counties. As of December 31, 2002, DSB operated
two offices in the Township of Davison, Michigan. 

As
of December 31, 2002, TSB employed 105 full time personnel, including 36 officers, and an
additional 28 part time employees. TSB considers its employee relations to be excellent. 

As
of December 31, 2002, DSB employed 10 full time personnel, including 3 officers, and an
additional 7 part time employees. DSB considers its employee relations to be excellent. 

Competition 

The
financial services industry is highly competitive. The Banks compete with other commercial
banks, many of which are subsidiaries of bank holding companies, for loans, deposits,
trust accounts, and other business on the basis of interest rates, fees, convenience and
quality of service. The Banks also compete with a variety of other financial services
organizations including savings and loan associations, finance companies, mortgage banking
companies, brokerage firms, credit unions and other financial organizations. Many of the
Banks competitors have substantially greater resources than the Banks. 

Supervision and
Regulation 

The
following is a summary of certain statutes and regulations affecting the Company and the
Banks. This summary is qualified in its entirety by such statutes and regulations. A
change in applicable laws or regulations may have a material effect on the Company, the
Banks and the business of the Company and the Banks. 

General 

Financial
institutions and their holding companies are extensively regulated under federal and state
law. Consequently, the growth and earnings performance of the Company and the Banks can be
affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by the
statutes administered by, and the regulations and policies of, various governmental
regulatory authorities. Those authorities include, but are not limited to, the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board ), the FDIC,
the Commissioner of the Michigan Office of Financial and Insurance Services Commissioner ), the Internal Revenue Service, and state taxing authorities.
The effect of such statutes, regulations and policies can be significant, and cannot be
predicted with a high degree of certainty. 

4 

Federal
and state laws and regulations generally applicable to financial institutions and their
holding companies regulate, among other things, the scope of business, investments,
reserves against deposits, capital levels relative to operations, lending activities and
practices, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches,
mergers, consolidations and dividends. The system of supervision and regulation applicable
to the Company and the Banks establishes a comprehensive framework for their respective
operations and is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC s deposit
insurance funds, the depositors of the Banks, and the public, rather than shareholders of
the Banks or the Company. 

Federal
law and regulations establish supervisory standards applicable to the lending activities
of the Banks, including internal controls, credit underwriting, loan documentation and
loan-to-value ratios for loans secured by real property. 

The
Company s common stock is registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act ). It is therefore subject to the information, proxy
solicitation, insider trading and other restrictions and requirements of the SEC under the
Exchange Act. On July 30, 2002, President Bush signed into law the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act provides for numerous changes to the reporting, accounting,
corporate governance and business practices of companies as well as financial and other
professionals who have involvement with the U.S. public markets. The SEC continues to
issue new and proposed rules implementing various provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

The Company 

General .
 In August of 2000, the Company became a financial holding company, within the
 meaning of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 GLB Act ), and is
 registered with, and subject to regulation by, the Federal Reserve Board under
 the Bank Holding Company Act, as amended (the BHCA ). Under the BHCA,
 the Company is subject to periodic examination by the Federal Reserve Board, and
 is required to file with the Federal Reserve Board periodic reports of its
 operations and such additional information as the Federal Reserve Board may
 require. 

In
accordance with Federal Reserve Board policy, the Company is expected to act as a source
of financial strength to the Banks and to commit resources to support the Banks in
circumstances where the Company might not do so absent such policy. In addition, if the
Commissioner deems a Bank s capital to be impaired, the Commissioner may require the
Bank to restore its capital by a special assessment upon the Company as the Bank s
sole shareholder. If the Company were to fail to pay any such assessment, the directors of
the Bank would be required, under Michigan law, to sell the shares of the Bank s
stock owned by the Company to the highest bidder at either a public or private auction and
use the proceeds of the sale to restore the Bank s capital. 

Investments
and Activities . In general, any direct or indirect acquisition by the
Company of any voting shares of any bank which would result in the Company s direct
or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of any class of voting shares of such
bank, and any merger or consolidation of the Company with another financial holding
company or bank holding company, will require the prior written approval of the Federal
Reserve Board under the BHCA. No Federal Reserve Board approval is required for the
Company to acquire a company, other than a bank holding company or bank, engaged in
activities that are financial in nature as determined by the Federal Reserve Board. 

The
merger or consolidation of an existing bank subsidiary of the Company with another bank,
or the acquisition by such a subsidiary of assets of another bank, or the assumption of
liability by such a subsidiary to pay any deposits in another bank, will require the prior
written approval of the responsible Federal depository institution regulatory agency under
the Bank Merger Act. In addition, in certain such cases an application to, and the prior
approval of, the Federal Reserve Board under the BHCA and/or the Commissioner under the
Michigan Banking Code, may be required. 

Financial
holding companies, such as the Company, may engage in various lending, advisory, insurance
and insurance underwriting, securities underwriting, dealing and market making, and
merchant banking activities (as well as those activities previously approved for bank
holding companies by the Federal Reserve Board) together with such other activities as may
be determined by the Federal Reserve Board (in coordination with other regulatory
authorities) to be financial in nature, incidental to any such financial activity, or
complementary to any such financial activity, and which do not pose a substantial risk to
the safety or soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. 

5 

In
order to maintain the benefits and flexibility of being a financial holding company, each
of the Company s subsidiary depository institutions must continue to be
 well-capitalized and well-managed under applicable regulatory
standards and each subsidiary depository institution must maintain at least a satisfactory
or above Community Reinvestment Act rating. 

Capital
Requirements . The Federal Reserve Board uses capital adequacy guidelines in
its examination and regulation of bank holding companies. If capital falls below minimum
guidelines, a bank holding company may, among other things, be denied approval to acquire
or establish additional banks or non-bank businesses. 

The
Federal Reserve Board s capital guidelines establish the following minimum regulatory
capital requirements for bank holding companies: (i) a leverage capital requirement
expressed as a percentage of total average assets, and (ii) a risk-based requirement
expressed as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets. The leverage capital requirement
consists of a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital (which consists principally of
shareholders equity) to total average assets of 3 for the most highly rated
companies, with minimum requirements of 4 to 5 for all others. The risk-based
requirement consists of a minimum ratio of total capital to total risk-weighted assets of
8 , of which at least one-half must be Tier 1 capital. 

Dividends .
 The Company is a corporation separate and distinct from the Banks. Most of the
 Company s revenues are received by it in the form of dividends paid by the
 Banks. Thus, the Company s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders is
 indirectly limited by statutory restrictions on the Banks ability to pay
 dividends described below. Further, in a policy statement, the Federal Reserve
 Board has expressed its view that a bank holding company experiencing earnings
 weaknesses should not pay cash dividends exceeding its net income or which can
 only be funded in ways that weaken the bank holding company s financial
 health, such as by borrowing. Additionally, the Federal Reserve Board possesses
 enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries
 to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound practices or
 violations of applicable statutes and regulations. Among these powers is the
 ability to proscribe the payment of dividends by banks and bank holding
 companies. Similar enforcement powers over the Banks are possessed by the FDIC.
 The prompt corrective action provisions of federal law and
 regulation authorizes the Federal Reserve Board to restrict the payment of
 dividends by the Company for an insured bank which fails to meet specified
 capital levels. 

In
addition to the restrictions on dividends imposed by the Federal Reserve Board, the
Michigan Business Corporation Act provides that dividends may be legally declared or paid
only if after the distribution a corporation, such as the Company, can pay its debts as
they come due in the usual course of business and its total assets equal or exceed the sum
of its liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the preferential rights
upon dissolution of any holders of preferred stock whose preferential rights are superior
to those receiving the distribution. 

The Banks 

General .
 The Banks are Michigan banking corporations, and their deposit accounts are
 insured by the Bank Insurance Fund (the BIF of the FDIC. As a BIF
 insured Michigan chartered banks, the Banks are subject to the examination,
 supervision, reporting and enforcement requirements of the Commissioner, as the
 chartering authority for Michigan banks, and the FDIC, as administrator of BIF.
 These agencies and the federal and state laws applicable to the Banks and their
 operations, extensively regulate various aspects of the banking business
 including, among other things, permissible types and amounts of loans,
 investments and other activities, capital adequacy, branching, interest rates on
 loans and on deposits, the maintenance of non-interest bearing reserves on
 deposit accounts, and the safety and soundness of banking practices. 

6 

Deposit
Insurance . As FDIC-insured institutions, the Banks are required to pay
deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. The FDIC has adopted a risk-based
assessment system under which all insured depository institutions are placed into one of
nine categories and assessed insurance premiums, based upon their respective levels of
capital and results of supervisory evaluation. Institutions classified as well-capitalized
(as defined by the FDIC) and considered healthy pay the lowest premium while institutions
that are less than adequately capitalized (as defined by the FDIC) and considered of
substantial supervisory concern pay the highest premium. Risk classification of all
insured institutions is made by the FDIC for each semi-annual assessment period. 

The
Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIA requires the FDIC to establish assessment
rates at levels which will maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund at a mandated reserve ratio
of not less than 1.25 of estimated insured deposits. For several years, the BIF reserve
ratio has been at or above the mandated ratio and assessments have ranged from 0 of
deposits for institutions in the lowest risk category to .27 of deposits in the highest
risk category. 

FICO
Assessments. The Banks, as members of the BIF, are subject to assessments
to cover the payments on outstanding obligations of the Financing Corporation FICO ). FICO was created to finance the recapitalization of the Federal
Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, the predecessor to the FDIC s Savings
Association Insurance Fund (the SAIF which insures the deposits of thrift
institutions. From now until the maturity of the outstanding FICO obligations in 2019, BIF
members and SAIF members will share the cost of the interest on the FICO bonds on a pro
rata basis. It is estimated that FICO assessments during this period will be less than
0.025 of deposits. 

Commissioner
Assessments. Michigan banks are required to pay supervisory fees to the
Commissioner to fund the operations of the Commissioner. The amount of supervisory fees
paid by a bank is based upon the bank s total assets, as reported to the
Commissioner. 

Capital
Requirements . The FDIC has established the following minimum capital
standards for state-chartered, FDIC insured non-member banks, such as the Banks: a
leverage requirement consisting of a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to total average
assets of 3 for the most highly-rated banks with minimum requirements of 4 to 5 for all
others, and a risk-based capital requirement consisting of a minimum ratio of total
capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8 , at least one-half of which must be Tier 1
capital. Tier 1 capital consists principally of shareholders equity. These capital
requirements are minimum requirements. Higher capital levels will be required if warranted
by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual institutions. 

Federal
law provides the federal banking regulators with broad power to take prompt corrective
action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized institutions. The extent of the
regulators powers depends on whether the institution in question is well
capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, 
 significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized. 
Federal regulations define these capital categories as follows: 

Total Tier 1
 Risk-Based Risk-Based
 Capital Ratio Capital Ratio Leverage Ratio 

Well capitalized 10 or above 6 or above 5 or above
Adequately capitalized 8 or above 4 or above 4 or above
Undercapitalized Less than 8 Less than 4 Less than 4 
Significantly undercapitalized Less than 6 Less than 3 Less than 3 
Critically undercapitalized -- -- A ratio of tangible
 equity to total assets
 of 2 or less

As
of December 31, 2002, each of the Banks ratios exceeded minimum requirements for the
well capitalized category. 

7 

Depending
upon the capital category to which an institution is assigned, the regulators 
corrective powers include: requiring the submission of a capital restoration plan; placing
limits on asset growth and restrictions on activities; requiring the institution to issue
additional capital stock (including additional voting stock) or to be acquired;
restricting transactions with affiliates; restricting the interest rate the institution
may pay on deposits; ordering a new election of directors of the institution; requiring
that senior executive officers or directors be dismissed; prohibiting the institution from
accepting deposits from correspondent banks; requiring the institution to divest certain
subsidiaries; prohibiting the payment of principal or interest on subordinated debt; and
ultimately, appointing a receiver for the institution. 

In
general, a depository institution may be reclassified to a lower category than is
indicated by its capital levels if the appropriate federal depository institution
regulatory agency determines the institution to be otherwise in an unsafe or unsound
condition or to be engaged in an unsafe or unsound practice. This could include a failure
by the institution, following receipt of a less-than-satisfactory rating on its most
recent examination report, to correct the deficiency. 

Dividends .
 Under Michigan law, the Banks are restricted as to the maximum amount of
 dividends they may pay on their common stock. The Banks may not pay dividends
 except out of net income after deducting their losses and bad debts. A Michigan
 state bank may not declare or pay a dividend unless the bank will have surplus
 amounting to at least 20 of its capital after the payment of the dividend. 

Federal
law generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution
(including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its holding company if
the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. The FDIC may prevent an
insured bank from paying dividends if the bank is in default of payment of any assessment
due to the FDIC. In addition, the FDIC may prohibit the payment of dividends by an insured
bank, if such payment is determined, by reason of the financial condition of the bank, to
be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. 

Insider
Transactions . The Banks are subject to certain restrictions imposed by the
Federal Reserve Act on any extensions of credit to the Company or its subsidiaries, on
investments in the stock or other securities of the Company or its subsidiaries and the
acceptance of the stock or other securities of the Company or its subsidiaries as
collateral for loans. Certain limitations and reporting requirements are also placed on
extensions of credit by the Banks to their directors and officers, to directors and
officers of the Company and its subsidiaries, to principal shareholders of the Company,
and to related interests of such directors, officers and principal
shareholders. In addition, federal law and regulations may affect the terms upon which any
person becoming a director or officer of the Company or one of its subsidiaries or a
principal shareholder of the Company may obtain credit from banks with which the Banks
maintain a correspondent relationship. 

Safety
and Soundness Standards . The federal banking agencies have adopted
guidelines to promote the safety and soundness of federally insured depository
institutions. These guidelines establish standards for internal controls, information
systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate
exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality and earnings. 

Investments
and Other Activities . Under federal law and FDIC regulations, FDIC -insured
state banks are prohibited, subject to certain exceptions, from making or retaining equity
investments of a type, or in an amount, that are not permissible for a national bank.
Federal law, as implemented by FDIC regulations, also prohibits FDIC insured state banks
and their subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions, from engaging as principal in any
activity that is not permitted for a national bank or its subsidiary, respectively, unless
the bank meets, and continues to meet, its minimum regulatory capital requirements and the
FDIC determines the activity would not pose a significant risk to the deposit insurance
fund of which the bank is a member. Impermissible investments and activities must be
divested or discontinued within certain time frames set by the FDIC in accordance with
federal law. These restrictions are not currently expected to have a material impact on
the operations of the Banks. 

8 

Consumer
Protection Laws . The Banks businesses include making a variety of
types of loans to individuals. In making these loans, the Banks are subject to State usury
and regulatory laws and to various federal statutes, including the privacy of consumer
financial information provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and regulations promulgated
thereunder, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in
Lending Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, and the Home Mortgage Disclosure
Act, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, which prohibit discrimination, specify
disclosures to be made to borrowers regarding credit and settlement costs, and regulate
the mortgage loan servicing activities of the Banks, including the maintenance and
operation of escrow accounts and the transfer of mortgage loan servicing. In receiving
deposits, the Banks are subject to extensive regulation under State and federal law and
regulations, including the Truth in Savings Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the
Bank Secrecy Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act. Violation of these laws could result in the imposition of significant damages and
fines upon the Bank and its directors and officers. 

Branching
Authority. Michigan banks, such as the Banks, have the authority under
Michigan law to establish branches anywhere in the State of Michigan, subject to receipt
of all required regulatory approvals. Banks may establish interstate branch networks
through acquisitions of other banks. The establishment of de novo interstate branches or
the acquisition of individual branches of a bank in another state (rather than the
acquisition of an out-of-state bank in its entirety) is allowed only if specifically
authorized by state law. 

Michigan
permits both U.S. and non-U.S. banks to establish branch offices in Michigan. The Michigan
Banking Code permits, in appropriate circumstances and with the approval of the Michigan
Office of Financial and Insurance Services, Division of Financial Institutions, (1)
acquisition of Michigan banks by FDIC-insured banks, savings banks or savings and loan
associations located in other states, (2) sale by a Michigan bank of branches to an
FDIC-insured bank, savings bank or savings and loan association located in a state in
which a Michigan bank could purchase branches of the purchasing entity, (3) consolidation
of Michigan banks and FDIC-insured banks, savings banks or savings and loan associations
located in other states having laws permitting such consolidation, (4) establishment of
branches in Michigan by FDIC-insured banks located in other states, the District of
Columbia or U.S. territories or protectorates having laws permitting a Michigan bank to
establish a branch in such jurisdiction, and (5) establishment by foreign banks of
branches located in Michigan. 

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF
PROPERTY 

The
Company s executive offices are located at 175 North Leroy Street, Fenton, Michigan,
which is also the main office of The State Bank. The State Bank also has the following
branches in Fenton: a branch at 15095 Silver Parkway, a branch at 18005 Silver Parkway,
and a loan office at 101 North Leroy Street. The State Bank s other branches are
located in Linden, Michigan, at 107 Main Street; Holly, Michigan, at 4043 Grange Hall
Road; Grand Blanc, Michigan at 7606 S Saginaw and at 8185 Holly Road. The State Bank has
an operations center at 3202 Owen Road in Fenton, Michigan. Davison State Bank is
headquartered in Davison, Michigan, at 625 S. State with one branch location at 8503
Davison Road. The Company owns all of its properties with the exception of the Holly, the
branch at 8503 Davison Road in Davison, the branch at 8185 Holly Road in Grand Blanc and
the branch at 18005 Silver Parkway facilities, which are leased from third parties. 

All
properties have maintenance contracts and are maintained in good condition. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal proceedings
incident to their business. At December 31, 2002, there were no legal proceedings which
management anticipates would have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

9 

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF
MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

No
matters were submitted during the fourth quarter of the year covered by this report to a
vote of security holders through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise. 

ADDITIONAL ITEM 
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF REGISTRANT 

The
following information concerning executive officers of the Company has been omitted from
the Registrant s proxy statement pursuant Instruction 3 to Regulation S-K, Item
401(b). 

Officers
of the Company are appointed annually by the Board of Directors of the Company and serve
at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. Certain of the officers named below are
appointed annually by the Board of Directors of one or the other of the Banks and serve at
the pleasure of the Board of the Bank that appointed them. The Bank officers are included
in the listing of executive officers of the Company because of the nature of the office
they hold. Information concerning these executive officers is given below: 

Donald
L. Grill (age 54) was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company and of TSB in late 1996. From 1983 to 1996, Mr. Grill was employed by First of
America Bank Corporation and served as President and Chief Executive Officer of First of
America Bank Frankenmuth. 

Ronald
L. Justice (age 38) is the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company. Mr.
Justice was promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TSB in 1999
and prior to that served as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President since 1995. Prior
to that Mr. Justice held other positions with TSB. 

Robert
E. Sewick (age 53) is Senior Vice President and Senior Loan Officer of TSB. Mr. Sewick
was appointed to that position in June of 1999. Mr. Sewick has 29 years of banking
experience, most recently as Senior Vice President/Regional Credit Officer of Huntington
National Bank for Western Michigan. 

John
A. Emmendorfer, Jr. (age 40) was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of
Davison on February 24, 2000. Prior to that time Mr. Emmendorfer was an employee of TSB
from 1988 to 1999 and most recently served as TSB s Vice President and Director of
Commercial Lending. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR
REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The market
and dividend information required by this item appears under the caption Fentura
Financial, Inc. Common Stock and Table 15 on page 50 under the title
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS , of the Company s 2002 Rule 14a-3 annual report, and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

The
holders of record information required by this item appears under the caption Stock
Ownership Information on page 4 of the Company s 2003 Notice of Annual Meeting
of Shareholders and Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

10 

ITEM 6. SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA 

The
information required by this item appears under the title MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS , appearing
in Table 1 on page 34 of the Company s 2002 Rule 14a-3 annual report, and is
incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION ANDRESULTS OF
OPERATIONS 

The
information required by this item appears under the title MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS , appearing
on pages 34 through 50 of the Company s 2002 Rule 14a-3 annual report, and is
incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The
information required by this item appears under the headings Liquidity and Interest
Rate Risk Management on pages 46 and 47 and Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosure About Market Risk on page 47 under the title MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS of the
Company s 2002 Rule 14a-3 annual report, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company and Report of Crowe, Chizek and Company
LLP, Independent Auditors appear on pages 1 through 33 of the Financial Statements portion
of the Company s 2002 Rule 14a-3 annual report, and are incorporated herein by
reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

The
Company s Executive officers are identified in Additional Item in Part I
of this Report on Form 10-K. The other information required by this item appears under the
captions 2003 Election of Directors, The Corporation s Board of
Directors, Committees of the Corporation Board, and Compliance
with Section 16 Reporting on pages 3, 4, 5, 6, and 14, respectively, of the
Company s 2003 Notice of Annual Shareholders Meeting and Proxy Statement, and is
incorporated herein by reference. 

The
Board of Directors of the Company has determined that Peggy L. Haw-Jury, a director and
member of the Audit Committee, qualifies as an Audit Committee financial
expert as defined in rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

The
Board of Directors of the Company has adopted a Code of Ethics which details principles
and responsibilities governing ethical conduct for all Company directors and executive
officers. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

The information
required by this item appears under the captions Executive Compensation, 
 Directors Compensation, Retirement and Change in Control
Arrangements and Shareholder Return Performance Graph on pages 6, 9, 10
and 11 and 13, respectively, of the Company s 2003 Notice of Annual Shareholders
Meeting and Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

11 

ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The
information required by this item appears under the caption Stock Ownership of
Directors, Executive Officers and Certain Major Shareholders on page 4 of the
Company s 2003 Notice of Annual Shareholders Meeting and Proxy Statement, and is
incorporated herein by reference. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. The Company had the following
equity compensation plans at December 31, 2002: 

EQUITY COMPENSATION
PLAN INFORMATION 

Number of securities
 remaining available for
 future issuance under
 equity compensation
 Number of securities to Weighted-average plans (excluding
 be issued upon exercise exercise price of securities reflected in
 of outstanding options outstanding options column (1))
 ---------------------- ------------------- -----------
 Plan Category (1) (2) (3)
 ------------- --- --- ---

Equity compensation
plans approved by
security holders 22,770 26.21 91,470
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Equity compensation
plans not approved by
security holders 0 0 0
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total 22,770 26.21 91,470
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

These
equity compensation plans are more fully described in Note 10 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

The
information required by this item appears under the caption Other Information 
Transactions with Certain Interested Persons on page 14 of the Company s 2003
Notice of Annual Shareholders Meeting and Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by
reference. 

ITEM 14. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

(a) 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

The
Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the
effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(c) and 15d-14(c)) as of a date within 90 days of the filing date
of this Form 10-K Annual Report (the Evaluation Date ), have concluded that as
of the Evaluation Date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were
adequate and effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company would
be made known to them by others within the Company, particularly during the period in
which this Form 10-K Annual Report was being prepared. 

12 

(b) 
 Changes in Internal
Controls. 

There
were no significant changes in the Company s internal controls or in other factors
that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of the most
recent evaluation, nor any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in such
internal controls requiring corrective actions. As a result, no corrective actions were
taken. 

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

(a) 
 1. 
 
 Financial Statements: 
The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and Report of Crowe, Chizek and 
Company LLP, Independent Auditors are incorporated by reference under Item 8 "Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data" of this document: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial statements 
 Report of Crowe Chizek LLP, Independent Auditors 

2. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
All schedules are omitted -- see Item 14(d) below. 

3. 
 
 Exhibits: 
The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index following the signature page of
this report are filed herewith and are incorporated herein by reference. 

(b) 
 
 Report on Form 8-K 
A form 8-K Report dated December 5, 2002 was filed to report an extraordinary dividend declaration by
 the Registrant. 

(c) 
 
 Exhibits: 
The "Exhibit Index" follows the signature page of this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(d) 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 
All financial statement schedules normally required by Article 9 of Regulation S-X are omitted since
 they are either not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial
 statements or notes thereto. 

13 

Signatures 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, dated March 25, 2003. 

Fentura Financial, Inc. 
 (Registrant) 

By 
 
/s/ Donald L. Grill 
 
 Donald L. Grill 
On behalf of the registrant 
and as President CEO 

By 
 
/s/ Ronald L. Justice 
 
 Ronald L. Justice 
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
(Also Principal Accounting Officer 

In accordance with the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Each director of the
Registrant, whose signature appears below, hereby appoints Russell H. Van Gilder, Jr.
and Donald L. Grill, and each of them severally, as his or her attorney-in-fact, to sign
his or her name and on his or her behalf, as a director of the Registrant, and to file
with the Commission any and all amendments to this report on Form 10-K. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Russell H. VanGilder, Jr. 
 
 Russell H. VanGilder, Jr. 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 

March 25, 2003 

/s/ Forrest A. Shook 
 
 Forrest A. Shook 
 
 Vice Chairman of the Board and Director 

March 25, 2003 

/s/ Donald L. Grill 
 
 Donald L. Grill 
 
 Director 

March 25, 2003 

/s/ Peggy L. Haw Jury 
 
 Peggy L. Haw Jury 
 
 Director 

March 25, 2003 

/s/ J. David Karr 
 
 J. David Karr 
 
 Director 

March 25, 2003 

/s/ Thomas P. McKenney 
 
 Thomas P. McKenney 
 
 Director 

March 25, 2003 

/s/ Brian P. Petty 
 
 Brian P. Petty 
 
 Director 

March 25, 2003 

/s/ Ronald L. Justice 
 
 Ronald L. Justice 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
and Director 

March 25, 2003 

14 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Donald L. Grill, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fentura Financial, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement
 of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
 made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
 of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have: 

(a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
 is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
 procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this annual
 report (the Evaluation Date and 

(c) 

presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation as of the Evaluation
 Date; 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
 committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent function): 

(a) 

all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls
 which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process,
 summarize and report financial data and have identified for the
 registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

(b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
 who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls; and 

6. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have indicated in this
 annual report whether or not there were significant changes in internal controls
 or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent
 to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective actions with
 regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

Date: March 25, 2003 

/s/ Donald L. Grill 

Donald L. Grill 
Chief Executive Officer 

15 

I, Ronald L. Justice, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fentura Financial, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement
 of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
 made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
 of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have: 

(a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
 is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
 procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this annual
 report (the Evaluation Date and 

(c) 

presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation as of the Evaluation
 Date; 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
 committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent function): 

(a) 

all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls
 which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process,
 summarize and report financial data and have identified for the
 registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

(b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
 who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls; and 

6. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have indicated in this
 annual report whether or not there were significant changes in internal controls
 or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent
 to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective actions with
 regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

Date: March 25, 2003 

/s/ Ronald L. Justice 

Ronald L. Justice 
Chief Financial Officer 

16 

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC. 2002 Annual Report on
Form 10-K EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 Exhibit 

3(i) 
 
Articles of Incorporation of Fentura Bancorp, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-SB
Registration Number 0-23550) 

3(ii) 
 
Bylaws of Fentura Bancorp, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-SB Registration Number 0-23550) 

3(iii) 
 
Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Fentura Bancorp, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to
Form 10-K Filed March 20, 2001) 

3(iv) 
 
Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Fentura Financial, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3 filed with Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002) 

4(i) 
 
Amended and Restated Automatic Dividend Reinvestment Plan (Incorporated by reference to Registration
Statement on Form S-3 - Registration No. 333-75194) 

10.7 
 
Lease of Davison Branch Bank Site between The State Bank and VG's Food Center, Inc. dated April 27,
1993 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-SB Registration Number 0-23550) 

10.10 
 
Lease of Fenton Silver Parkway Branch site between The State Bank and VG's Food Centers dated March
 26, 1996 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10Q-SB filed on May 2, 1996) 

10.11 
 
Lease of Davison (second) Branch site between The State Bank and VG'S Food Centers dated November
 12, 1996 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10K-SB filed on March 20, 1997) 

10.12 
 
Directors Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to Form 10K-SB filed on March 17, 1996) 

10.13 
 
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Form 10K-SB filed on March 17,
 1996) 

10.14 
 
Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Form 10Q-SB filed
 on May 2, 1996) 

10.15 
 
Retainer Stock Plan for Directors (Incorporated by reference to Form 10K-SB filed on March 17, 1996) 

10.16 
 
Employee Stock Option Plan(Incorporated by reference to Form 10K-SB filed on March 17, 1996) 

10.17 
 
Form of Employee Stock Option Plan Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Form 10K-SB filed on
 March 17, 1996) 

10.18 
 
Executive Stock Bonus Plan (Incorporated by reference to Form 10K-SB filed on March 17, 1996) 

10.19 
 
Stock Purchase Plan between The State Bank and Donald E. Johnson, Jr., Mary Alice J. Heaton, and
 Linda J. LeMieux dated November 17, 1996 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10K-SB filed March 20,
 1997) 

17 

Exhibit No. 
 Exhibit 

10.20 
 
Severance Compensation Agreement between the Registrant and Donald L. Grill dated March 20, 1997
(Incorporated by reference to Form 10Q-SB filed May 12, 1997) 

13 
 
Rule 14a-3 Annual Report to Security Holders (This report, except for those portions which are
 expressly incorporated by reference in this filing, is furnished for the information of the
 Securities and Exchange Commission and is not deemed filed as a part of this Report) 

14 
 
Code of Ethics for Directors and Executive Officers (Filed herewith) 

21.1 
 
Subsidiaries of the Registrant (Filed herewith) 

23.1 
 
Consent of Independent Accountants (Filed herewith) 

23.2 
 
Consent of Independent Accountants (Filed herewith) 

24 
 
 Powers of Attorney . Contained on the signature page of this report. 

99.1 
 
Certificate of Chief Executive Officer of Fentura Financial, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.2 
 
Certificate of Chief Financial Officer of Fentura Financial, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

18 

Exhibit 13 

Rule 14a-3 annual
report 

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
 
December 31, 2002, 2001
and 2000 
 
and 
 
MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC. 

CONTENTS 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
 3 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 6 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 7 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 8 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 9 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 10-33 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL 
 CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 34-50 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
AUDITORS 

Board of Directors and
Stockholders Fentura Financial, Inc. Fenton, Michigan 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Fentura Financial, Inc. as of December 31, 2002 and
2001, and the related consolidated statements of income, statements of comprehensive
income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our
audits. The consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Corporation for the
period ended December 31, 2000 were audited by other auditors whose report dated January
26, 2001 expressed an unqualified opinion on those statements. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion. 

In our opinion, the 2002 and 2001
consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Fentura Financial, Inc. as of December 31, 2002
and 2001, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Crowe, Chizek and Company LLP 

Grand Rapids, Michigan 
February 6, 2003 

3.

Report of Independent
Certified Public Accountants 

Stockholders and Board of
Directors Fentura Financial, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2000 of Fentura Financial, Inc. (formerly
Fentura Bancorp, Inc.) These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Corporation s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
consolidated results of operations and cash flows of Fentura Financial, Inc. and for the
year ended December 31, 2000, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP 

Southfield, Michigan January
26, 2001 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 4. 

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
December 31, 2002 and 2001 
(000 s omitted except per share data) 

2002 2001
 ---- ----
 ASSETS 
 Cash and due from banks 20,262 19,038
 Federal funds sold 10,300 22,800
 ------------ ------------
 Total cash and cash equivalents 30,562 41,838

 Securities available for sale, at fair value 48,981 25,792
 Securities held to maturity (fair value of 14,051 at
 December 31, 2002 and 13,508 at December 31, 2001) 13,722 13,375

 Loans held for sale 5,509 1,710
 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of
 3,184 and 3,125 in 2002 and 2001, respectively 221,037 211,005

 Bank premises and equipment 9,754 8,532
 Accrued interest receivable 1,595 1,445
 Bank owned life insurance 6,234 2,510
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 822 822
 Other assets 2,267 2,061
 ------------ ------------

 340,483 309,090
 ============ ============
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Deposits:
 Noninterest-bearing deposits 44,875 42,524
 Interest-bearing deposits 250,994 222,746
 ------------ ------------
 Total deposits 295,869 265,270

 Short-term borrowings 1,500 2,100
 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 1,124 1,138
 Accrued taxes, interest and other liabilities 2,062 2,149
 ------------ ------------
 Total liabilities 300,555 270,657

Stockholders' equity
 Common stock - 0 par value 1,722,126
 shares issued - 2002; 1,735,496 - 2001 30,236 30,664
 Retained earnings 9,395 7,677
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 297 92
 ------------ ------------
 39,928 38,433
 ------------ ------------

 340,483 309,090
 ============ ============

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 5. 

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
Years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 
(000 s omitted except per share data) 

2002 2001 2000
 ---- ---- ----
Interest income
 Loans, including fees 15,924 17,555 18,710
 Securities:
 Taxable 1,046 2,426 3,350
 Tax-exempt 644 660 624
 Short-term investments 338 926 643
 -------------- -------------- ---------------
 Total interest income 17,952 21,567 23,327

Interest expense
 Deposits 5,623 8,958 9,266
 Short-term borrowings 16 47 86
 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 83 86 538
 -------------- -------------- ---------------
 Total interest expense 5,722 9,091 9,890
 -------------- -------------- ---------------

 Net interest income 12,230 12,476 13,437

Provision for loan losses 426 751 584
 -------------- -------------- ---------------

 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 11,804 11,725 12,853

Noninterest income
 Service charges on deposit accounts 2,594 2,286 1,915
 Gain on sale of mortgages 1,009 659 179
 Mortgage servicing 0 0 631
 Trust income 540 566 695
 Gain on sale of securities 0 674
 Other income and fees 1,251 1,178 1,108
 -------------- -------------- ---------------
 Total noninterest income 5,394 5,363 4,528

Noninterest expense
 Salaries and employee benefits 6,454 5,988 5,801
 Occupancy 1,061 886 784
 Furniture and equipment 1,563 1,411 1,552
 Office supplies 305 300 311
 Loan and collection 183 178 289
 Advertising and promotional 315 320 263
 Other professional services 1,100 1,144 1,000
 Other general and administrative 1,272 1,473 1,436
 -------------- -------------- ---------------
 Total noninterest expense 12,253 11,700 11,436
 -------------- -------------- ---------------

Net income before taxes 4,945 5,388 5,945

Applicable income taxes 1,479 1,611 1,729
 -------------- -------------- ---------------

 Net income 3,466 3,777 4,216
 ============== ============== ===============

Per share:
 Earnings - basic 2.00 2.18 2.46
 Earnings - diluted 2.00 2.18 2.45

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 6. 

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
Years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 
(000 s omitted except per share data) 

2002 2001 2000
 ---- ---- ----
Net income 3,466 3,777 4,216

Other comprehensive income:
 Unrealized holding gains on available
 for sale securities 311 1,139 1,318
 Less: reclassification adjustment for gains and
 losses later recognized in income 0 674 0
 ----------- ----------- -----------
 Net unrealized gains 311 465 1,318
 Tax effect on unrealized holding gains (106) (158) (448)
 ----------- ----------- -----------
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 205 307 870
 ----------- ----------- -----------

Comprehensive income 3,671 4,084 5,086
 =========== =========== ===========

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 7. 

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
Years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 
(000 s omitted except per share data) 

Accumulated
 Other Total
 Common Retained Comprehensive Stockholders'
 Stock Earnings Income (Loss) Equity
 ----- -------- ------------- ------
 Balance, January 1, 2000 21,872 11,078 (1,085) 31,865
Net Income 4,216 4,216

Cash Dividends .97 per share) 0 (1,659) 0 (1,659)

Issuance of shares under stock purchase plans 470 0 0 470

Stock repurchase (1) (7) 0 (8)

Stock dividend 7,980 (7,980) 0 0

Other comprehensive income (net of tax) 0 0 870 870
 ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------
 Balance, December 31, 2000 30,321 5,648 (215) 35,754

Net Income 0 3,777 0 3,777

Cash Dividends 1.01 per share) 0 (1,748) 0 (1,748)

Issuance of shares under stock purchase plans 343 0 0 343

Other comprehensive income (net of tax) 0 0 307 307
 ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------
 Balance, December 31, 2001 30,664 7,677 92 38,433

Net Income 0 3,466 0 3,466

Cash Dividends 1.01 per share) 0 (1,748) 0 (1,748)

Stock repurchase (23,259 shares) (719) 0 0 (719)

Issuance of shares under stock purchase plans 291 0 0 291

Other comprehensive income (net of tax) 0 0 205 205
 ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------
 Balance, December 31, 2002 30,236 9,395 297 39,928
 =========== =========== ========== ==========

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 8. 

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
Years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 
(000 s omitted except per share data) 

2002 2001 2000
 ---- ---- ----
 Cash flows from operating activities 
 Net income 3,466 3,777 4,216
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to
 net cash from operating activities
 Depreciation and amortization 1,599 968 941
 Deferred income taxes (benefit) (88) (170) (100)
 Provision for loan losses 426 751 584
 Gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights 0 0 (467)
 Gain on sale of loans (1,009) (659) (179)
 Loans originated for sale (62,672) (48,585) (9,494)
 Proceeds from the sale of loans 59,882 47,721 9,501
 Gain on sales of securities 0 (674) 0
 Net change in accrued interest receivable
 and other assets (580) 440 (237)
 Net change in accrued interest payable and
 other liabilities (105) (377) 915
 ----------- ---------- -----------
 Net cash from operating activities 919 3,192 5,680

 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Proceeds from maturities of securities - HTM 5,233 4,054 0
 Proceeds from maturities of securities - AFS 7,810 8,620 6,539
 Proceeds from calls of securities - HTM 325 0 0
 Proceeds from calls of securities - AFS 10,285 20,596 0
 Proceeds from sales of securities - AFS 0 27,274 0
 Purchases of securities - HTM (5,925) (4,235) 0
 Purchases of securities - AFS (41,517) (28,487) (3,995)
 Originations of loans, net of principal repayments (10,458) (19,580) (4,390)
 Proceeds from sale of mortgage servicing rights 0 0 887
 Purchase of bank owned life insurance (3,500) 0 0
 Acquisition of premises and equipment (2,257) (2,921) (1,336)
 ----------- ---------- -----------
 Net cash from investing activities (40,004) 5,321 (2,295)

 Cash flows from financing activities 
 Net change in deposits 30,599 16,614 1,605
 Net change in short-term borrowings (600) (2,580) 3,315
 Repayments on advances from Federal
 Home Loan Bank (14) (13) (13)
 Cash dividends paid (1,748) (1,748) (1,659)
 Net proceeds from stock issuance and purchases (428) 343 462
 ----------- ---------- -----------
 Net cash from financing activities 27,809 12,616 3,710
 ----------- ---------- -----------

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 11,276 21,129 7,095

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 41,838 20,709 13,614
 ----------- ---------- -----------
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 30,562 41,838 20,709
 =========== ========== ===========
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
 Cash paid during the year for
 Interest 5,909 8,861 9,652
 Income taxes 1,569 1,710 1,627

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 9. 

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
December 31, 2002 and 2001 

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Nature of Operations and
Principles of Consolidation : The consolidated financial statements include Fentura
Financial, Inc. (the Corporation) and its wholly owned subsidiaries, The State Bank in
Fenton, Michigan; Fentura Mortgage Company and Davison State Bank in Davison, Michigan
(the Banks). Intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation. 

The Corporation provides banking and
trust services principally to individuals, small businesses and governmental entities
through its nine community banking offices in Genesee, Livingston and Oakland Counties in
southeastern Michigan. Its primary deposit products are checking, savings, and term
certificate accounts, and its primary lending products are residential mortgage,
commercial, and installment loans. Substantially all loans are secured by specific items
of collateral including business assets, consumer assets and real estate. Commercial loans
are expected to be repaid from cash flow from operations of businesses. Real estate loans
are secured by both residential and commercial real estate. Other financial instruments
which potentially represent concentrations of credit risk include deposit accounts in
other financial institutions and federal funds sold. 

Use of Estimates : To prepare
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America, management makes estimates and assumptions based on available
information. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts reported in the financial
statements and the disclosures provided, and future results could differ. The allowance
for loan losses, fair values of securities, fair values of financial instruments and
status of contingencies are particularly subject to change. 

Cash Flows : Cash and cash
equivalents includes cash, deposits with other financial institutions under 90 days, and
federal funds sold. Net cash flows are reported for loan and deposit transactions. 

Securities : Securities are
classified as held to maturity and carried at amortized cost when management has the
positive intent and ability to hold them to maturity. Securities are classified as
available for sale when they might be sold before maturity. Securities available for sale
are carried at fair value, with unrealized holding gains and losses reported in other
comprehensive income. Trading securities are carried at fair value, with changes in
unrealized holding gains and losses included in income. Other securities such as Federal
Home Loan Bank stock are carried at cost. 

Interest income includes amortization
of purchase premium or discount. Gains and losses on sales are based on the amortized cost
of the security sold. Securities are written down to fair value when a decline in fair
value is not temporary. 

(Continued) 
 10. 

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Loans : Loans that management
has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoffs
are reported at the principal balance outstanding, net of unearned interest, deferred loan
fees and costs, and an allowance for loan losses. Loans held for sale are reported at the
lower of cost or market, on an aggregate basis. 

Interest income is reported on the
interest method and includes amortization of net deferred loan fees and costs over the
loan term. Interest income is not reported when full loan repayment is in doubt, typically
when the loan is impaired or payments are past due over 90 days (180 days for residential
mortgages). Payments received on such loans are reported as principal reductions. 

Allowance for Loan Losses : The
allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses,
increased by the provision for loan losses and decreased by charge-offs less recoveries.
Management estimates the allowance balance required using past loan loss experience, the
nature and volume of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations and
estimated collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors. Allocations of the
allowance may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance is available for any
loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged-off. Loan losses are charged
against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is
confirmed 

A loan is impaired when full payment
under the loan terms is not expected. Impairment is evaluated in total for smaller-balance
loans of similar nature such as residential mortgage, consumer, and credit card loans, and
on an individual loan basis for other loans. If a loan is impaired, a portion of the
allowance is allocated so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of
estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of
collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. 

Foreclosed Assets : Assets
acquired through or instead of loan foreclosure are initially recorded at fair value when
acquired, establishing a new cost basis. If fair value declines, a valuation allowance is
recorded through expense. Costs after acquisition are expensed. 

Premises and Equipment : Land
is carried at cost. Premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over useful lives
ranging from 3 to 50 years. 

(Continued) 
 11. 

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Long-term Assets : Premises and
equipment and other long-term assets are reviewed for impairment when events indicate
their carrying amount may not be recoverable from future undiscounted cash flows. If
impaired, the assets are recorded at fair value. 

Bank owned life insurance : The
Corporation has purchased life insurance policies on certain key executives. Bank owned
life insurance is recorded at its cash surrender value, or the amount that can be
realized. 

Stock Compensation : Employee
compensation expense under stock option plans is reported if options are granted below
market price at grant date. Pro forma disclosures of net income and earnings per share are
shown using the fair value method of SFAS No. 123 to measure expense for options
granted after 1994, using an option pricing model to estimate fair value. 

The stock option plans are accounted
for in accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock
Issued to Employees (APB 25) as permitted under Financial Accounting Standards No.
123, Accounting for Stock Based Compensation (SFAS 123). In accordance with APB 25,
no compensation expense is required nor has been recognized for the options issued under
existing plans. Had the Corporation chosen not to elect APB 25, SFAS 123 would apply and
compensation expense would have been recognized, and the Corporation s earnings would
have been as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

2002 2001 2000
 ---- ---- ----
Net income
 As reported 3,466 3,777 4,216
 Deduct: Stock-based compensation
 expense determined under a fair value
 based system (20) (10) (45)
 ------ ------ ------
 Proforma 3,446 3,767 4,171

Basic net income per share
 As reported 2.00 2.18 2.46
 Proforma 1.99 2.18 2.44

Diluted net income per share
 As reported 2.00 2.18 2.45
 Proforma 1.99 2.17 2.43

Weighted average fair value of options granted
 during year 6.67 8.36 19.00

(Continued) 
 12. 

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Proforma net income includes
compensation cost for the Corporation s stock option plan based on the fair value of
the grants as of the dates of the awards consistent with the method prescribed by SFAS
123. The fair value of each option grant is estimated using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model. Assumptions used in the model for options granted during 2000 were
as follows: an expected life of 10 years, a dividend yield of 3 , a risk free return of
6.88 and expected volatility of 52 . Assumption used in the model for options granted
during 2001 were as follows: an expected life of 6 years, a dividend yield of 3.45 , a
risk free return of 5.09 and expected volatility of 40 . Assumptions used in the model
for options granted during 2002 were as follows: an expected life of 6 years, a dividend
yield of 3.8 , a risk free return of 4.62 and expected volatility of 31 . 

Income Taxes : Income tax
expense is the total of the current year income tax due or refundable and the change in
deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are the expected
future tax amounts for the temporary differences between carrying amounts and tax bases of
assets and liabilities, computed using enacted tax rates. A valuation allowance, if
needed, reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

Financial Instruments :
Financial instruments include off-balance sheet credit instruments, such as commitments to
make loans and standby letters of credit, issued to meet customer financing needs. The
face amount for these items represents the exposure to loss, before considering customer
collateral or ability to repay. Such financial instruments are recorded when they are
funded. 

Earnings Per Common Share :
Basic earnings per common share is net income divided by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during the period. ESOP shares are considered outstanding for
this calculation unless unearned. Diluted earnings per common share includes the dilutive
effect of additional potential common shares issuable under stock options. Earnings and
dividends per share are restated for all stock splits and dividends through the date of
issue of the financial statements. 

Comprehensive Income :
Comprehensive income consists of net income and other comprehensive income. Other
comprehensive income includes unrealized gains and losses on securities available for
sale, which are also recognized as separate components of equity. 

Newly Issued But Not Yet Effective
Accounting Standards : New accounting standards on asset retirement obligations,
restructuring activities and exit costs, operating leases, and early extinguishment of
debt were issued in 2002. Management determined that when the new accounting standards are
adopted in 2003 they will not have a material impact on the Corporation s financial
condition or results of operations. 

(Continued) 
 13. 

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Loss Contingencies : Loss
contingencies, including claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of
business, are recorded as liabilities when the likelihood of loss is probable and an
amount or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. Management does not believe there now
are such matters that will have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Restrictions on Cash : Cash on
hand or on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank of 4,750,000 and 3,500,000 was required
to meet regulatory reserve and clearing requirements at year-end 2002 and 2001
respectively. These balances do not earn interest. 

Dividend Restriction : Banking
regulations require maintaining certain capital levels and may limit the dividends paid by
the banks to the holding company or by the holding company to shareholders. 

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments : Fair values of financial instruments are estimated using relevant market
information and other assumptions, as more fully disclosed in a separate note. Fair value
estimates involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment regarding interest
rates, credit risk, prepayments, and other factors, especially in the absence of broad
markets for particular items. Changes in assumptions or in market conditions could
significantly affect the estimates. 

Operating Segments : While the
Corporation s chief decision-makers monitor the revenue streams of the various
Corporation products and services, operations are managed and financial performance is
evaluated on a Corporate-wide basis. Accordingly, all of the Corporation s financial
service operations are considered by management to be aggregated in one reportable
operating segment. 

Reclassifications : Some items
in the prior year financial statements were reclassified to conform to the current
presentation. 

(Continued) 
 14. 

NOTE 2 EARNINGS
PER SHARE 

The factors in the earnings per share
computation follow. 

2002 2001 2000
 ---- ---- ----
 Basic
 Net income 3,466,000 3,777,000 4,216,000
 ============== ============== ===============
 Weighted average common shares
 outstanding 1,731,677 1,728,983 1,712,971
 -------------- -------------- ---------------
 Basic earnings per common share 2.00 2.18 2.46
 ============== ============== ===============

 Diluted
 Net income 3,466,000 3,777,000 4,216,000
 Weighted average common shares outstanding
 for basic earnings per common share 1,731,677 1,728,983 1,712,971
 Add: Dilutive effects of assumed exercises of
 stock options 4,566 3,456 4,486
 -------------- -------------- ---------------
 Average shares and dilutive potential
 common shares 1,736,243 1,732,439 1,717,457
 ============== ============== ===============
 Diluted earnings per common share 2.00 2.18 2.45
 ============== ============== ===============

Stock options for 5,737, 6,841 and
10,176 shares of common stock were not considered in computing diluted earnings per common
share for 2002, 2001 and 2000 respectively, because they were antidilutive. 

(Continued) 
 15. 

NOTE 3 SECURITIES 

Year-end securities are as follows
(in thousands): 

Available for Sale 

Gross Gross
 Fair Unrealized Unrealized
 Value Gains Losses
 ----- ----- ------
2002
- ----
 U.S. Government and federal agency 29,027 144 0
 State and municipal 9,388 100 (33)
 Mortgage-backed 7,093 192 0
 Corporate 3,078 47 0
 Equity securities 395 0 0
 ----------- ----------- -----------

 48,981 483 (33)
 =========== =========== ===========
2001
- ----
 U.S. Government and federal agency 8,818 56 (5)
 State and municipal 3,679 3 (34)
 Mortgage-backed 7,870 65 (10)
 Corporate 5,425 64 0
 ----------- ----------- -----------

 25,792 188 (49)
 =========== =========== ===========

Held to Maturity 

Gross Gross
 Amortized Unrecognized Unrecognized Fair
 Cost Gains Losses Value
 ---- ----- ------ -----
2002
- ----
 State and municipal 13,722 332 (3) 14,051
2001 =========== =========== =========== ===========
- ----
 State and municipal 13,375 174 (41) 13,508
 =========== =========== =========== ===========

Sales
of available for sale securities were as follows (in thousands): 

2002 2001 2000
 ---- ---- ----

 Proceeds 0 27,274 0
 Gross gains 0 674 0
 Gross losses 0 0 0

(Continued) 
 16. 

NOTE 3 SECURITIES 
(Continued) 

Contractual
maturities of debt securities at year-end 2002 were as follows. Securities not due at a
single maturity date, primarily mortgage-backed securities, and equity securities are
shown separately (in thousands). 

Held to Maturity Available for Sale
 ---------------- ------------------
 Amortized Fair Fair
 Cost Value Value
 ---- ----- -----

 Due in one year or less 6,111 6,125 8,641
 Due from one to five years 3,547 3,720 26,800
 Due from five to ten years 2,267 2,366 2,377
 Due after ten years 1,797 1,840 3,675
 Mortgage-backed securities 0 0 7,093
 Equity securities 0 0 395
 ----------- ----------- -----------

 13,722 14,051 48,981
 =========== ========== ===========

Securities
pledged at year-end 2002 and 2001 had a carrying amount of 2,065,000 and 2,123,000 and
were pledged to secure public deposits and repurchase agreements. 

NOTE
4 LOANS 

Major
categories of loans at December 31, are as follows (in thousands): 

2002 2001
 ---- ----

 Commercial 129,562 118,894
 Real estate - construction 27,032 25,434
 Real estate - mortgage 11,944 11,158
 Consumer 55,683 58,644
 ------------ ------------
 224,221 214,130
 Less allowance for loan losses 3,184 3,125
 ------------ ------------

 221,037 211,005
 ============ ============

The
Corporation originates primarily residential and commercial real estate loans, commercial,
construction and installment loans. The Corporation estimates that 80 of their loan
portfolio is based in Genesee and Livingston counties within southeast Michigan with the
remainder of the portfolio distributed throughout Michigan. The ability of the
Corporation s debtors to honor their contracts is dependent upon the real estate and
general economic conditions in this area. 

(Continued) 
 17. 

NOTE
4 LOANS (Continued) 

Certain directors and executive
officers of the Corporation, including their affiliates are loan customers of the Banks.
Such loans were made in ordinary course of business at the Banks normal credit terms
and interest rates, and do not represent more than a normal risk of collection. Total
loans to these persons at December 31, 2002 and 2001 amounted to 4,971,000 and 1,532,000
respectively. During 2002, 4,248,000 of new loans were made to these persons, repayments
totaled 312,000 and changes in composition resulted in a decline of 497,000. 

Activity in the allowance for loan
losses for the years are as follows (in thousands) 

2002 2001 2000
 ---- ---- ----
 Balance, beginning of year 3,125 2,932 2,961
 Provision for loan losses 426 751 584
 ----------- ----------- -----------
 3,551 3,683 3,545
 Loans charged off (846) (713) (806)
 Loan recoveries 479 155 193
 ----------- ----------- -----------

 Balance, end of year 3,184 3,125 2,932
 =========== =========== ===========

Loan impairment is measured by estimating the expected future cash flows and discounting them at the respective
effective interest rate or by valuing the underlying collateral. The recorded investment in these loans is as
follows at December 31, (in thousands): 

2002 2001
 ---- ----
 Principal amount not requiring allocation 0 0
 Principal amount requiring allocation 2,403 2,880
 ----------- -----------

 2,403 2,880
 =========== ===========
 Amount of the allowance for loan loss
 allocated 479 819

Loans for which the accrual of interest has been discontinued at December 31, 2002 and 2001 amounted to 512,000
and 321,000, respectively, and are included in the impaired loans above. Loans past due greater than 90 days
and still accruing interest amounted to 72,000 and 186,000 at December 31, 2002 and 2001. 
 
Interest income recognized on impaired loans based on cash collections totaled approximately 72,000 and 142,000
for the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively. The average recorded investment in impaired loans
was 2,642,000 and 2,597,000 during the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001 respectively. 

(Continued) 
 18. 

NOTE 5 - PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT, NET 
 
Bank premises and equipment is comprised of the following at December 31 (in thousands): 

2002 2001
 ---- ----

 Land and land improvements 1,375 1,305
 Building and building improvements 8,510 6,933
 Furniture and equipment 8,425 8,159
 Construction in progress 658 911
 ----------- -----------
 18,968 17,308
 Less accumulated depreciation 9,214 8,776
 ----------- -----------

 9,754 8,532
 =========== ===========

Depreciation expense was 1,035,000,
 936,000 and 984,000 for 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. 

The Corporation leases property for
certain branches and ATM locations. Rent expense for 2002 was 133,000, for 2001 was
 133,000 and for 2000 was 130,000. Rent commitments under noncancelable operating leases
were as follows, before considering renewal options that generally are present. 

2003 138,090
 2004 129,240
 2005 105,240
 2006 66,300
 2007 30,000
 Thereafter 0
 -----------

 468,870

(Continued) 
 19. 

NOTE 6 DEPOSITS 

The following is a summary of
deposits at December 31 (in thousands): 

2002 2001
 ---- ----
 Noninterest-bearing:
 Demand 44,875 42,524
 Interest-bearing:
 Savings 91,972 80,090
 Money market demand 51,194 40,930
 Time, 100,000 and over 33,540 22,597
 Time, 100,000 and under 74,288 79,129
 ------------- ------------

 295,869 265,270
 ============= ============

Scheduled maturities of time deposits
at December 31, were as follows (in thousands): 

2002 2001
 ---- ----
 In one year 58,246 77,796
 In two years 19,462 11,522
 In three years 11,982 7,456
 In four years 1,431 3,441
 In five years 16,579 1,296
 Thereafter 128 215
 ------------- ------------

 107,828 101,726
 ============= ============

Deposits from principal officers,
directors, and their affiliates at year-end December 31, 2002 and 2001 were 3,759,000 and
 1,564,000. 

NOTE 7 OTHER
BORROWINGS 

Short-Term Borrowings 

Short-term borrowings consist of term
federal funds purchased and treasury tax and loan deposits and generally are repaid within
one to 120 days from the transaction date. 

Federal Home Loan Bank
Advances 

The Bank has the authority and
approval from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) to borrow up to 20 million collateralized
by 1-4 family mortgage loans, government and agency securities, and mortgage-backed
securities. The advances outstanding at December 31, 2002 and 2001 mature in 2016, cannot
be prepaid without penalty and bears interest at 7.34 . The amount of pledged assets are
 11,914,000 at December 31, 2002 and 18,867,000 at December 31, 2001. 

(Continued) 
 20. 

NOTE 8 INCOME
TAXES 

The provision for income taxes
reflected in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31,
consists of the following (in thousands): 

2002 2001 2000
 ---- ---- ----

 Current expense 1,567 1,781 1,829
 Deferred (benefit) expense (88) (170) (100)
 ----------- ----------- -----------

 1,479 1,611 1,729
 =========== =========== ===========

Income tax expense was less than the
amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income
taxes. The reasons for the difference are as follows in (in thousands): 

2002 2001 2000
 ---- ---- ----

 Income tax at statutory rate 1,681 1,832 2,021
 Tax exempt interest (253) (179) (203)
 Other 51 (42) (89)
 ----------- ----------- -----------

 1,479 1,611 1,729
 =========== =========== ===========

The net deferred tax asset recorded
includes the following amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities (in thousands): 

2002 2001
 ---- ----
 Deferred tax assets
 Allowance for loan losses 931 852
 Compensation 177 167
 Other 91 66
 ----------- -----------
 1,199 1,085
 Deferred tax liabilities
 Accretion (13) (11)
 Unrealized gain on securities available for sale (153) (47)
 Depreciation (123) (99)
 Other (28) (28)
 ----------- -----------
 (317) (185)
 ----------- -----------

 882 900
 =========== ===========

A valuation allowance related to
deferred tax assets is required when it is considered more likely than not that all or
part of the benefit related to such assets will not be realized. Management has determined
that no valuation allowance is required at December 31, 2002 or 2001. 

(Continued) 
 21. 

NOTE 9 BENEFIT
PLANS 

The Corporation has a noncontributory
discretionary employee stock ownership plan (Plan) covering substantially all of its
employees. It is a requirement of the plan to invest principally in the Corporation s
common stock. The contribution to the Plan in 2002, 2001 and 2000 was 88,000, 100,000
and 120,000, respectively. 

The Corporation has also established
a 401(k) Plan in which 50 of the employees contribution can be matched with a
discretionary contribution by the Corporation up to a maximum of 6 of gross wages. The
contribution to the 401(k) Plan for 2002, 2001 and 2000 was 100,000, 84,000 and 79,000,
respectively. 

NOTE 10 STOCK
PURCHASE AND OPTION PLANS 

Director and Employee
Plans 

On December 26, 2001, the Corporation
approved a plan to repurchase up to 50,000 shares of its common stock. The timing of the
purchases and the actual number of shares purchased have been in market conditions. Shares
have been repurchased from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated
transactions. Shares repurchased will be available for future issuance in the discretion
of the Corporation s Board of Directors. The Corporation repurchased 23,259 shares in
2002. 

The Directors Stock Purchase Plan
permits directors of the Corporation to purchase shares of common stock made available for
purchase under the plan at the fair market value on the fifteenth day prior to the annual
issuance date. The total number of shares issuable under this plan is limited to 9,600
shares in any calendar year. 

The Retainer Stock Plan allows
directors to elect to receive shares of common stock in full or partial payment of the
director s retainer fees and fees for attending meetings. The number of shares is
determined by dividing the dollar amount of fees to be paid in shares by the market value
of the stock on the first business day prior to the payment date. 

The Executive Stock Bonus Plan
permits the administrator of the plan to grant shares of the Corporation s common
stock to eligible employees. Any executive or managerial level employee is eligible to
receive grants under the plan. The Board of Directors administers the plan. 

(Continued) 
 22. 

NOTE 10 STOCK
PURCHASE AND OPTION PLANS (Continued) 

Dividend Investment Plan 

The Automatic Dividend Reinvestment
Plan DRIP permits enrolled shareholders to automatically use dividends paid
on common stock to purchase additional shares of the Corporation s common stock at
the fair market value on the investment date. Any shareholder who is the beneficial or
record owner of not more than 9.9 of the issued and outstanding shares of the
Corporation s common stock is eligible to participate in the plan. 

Pursuant to a separate agreement with
a family who collectively holds more than 9.9 of the Corporation s stock on or prior
to January 31 of each year beginning January 31, 1997, the Corporation is to advise the
family, in a written notice, of the number of shares sold under the DRIP. Each family
member will have the option, until February 28 of the same year, to purchase from the
Corporation one-third of the total number of shares that would be sufficient to prevent
the dilution to all family members as a group that result solely as a result of the DRIP
shares. The purchase price under this agreement is the fair market value on December 31 of
the year immediately preceding the year in which the written notice is given. Similarly, a
reverse agreement exists which allows the corporation to redeem family shares to maintain
the family ownership percentage in the event that stock repurchase activity more than
offsets the shares available because of the DRIP. 

Stock Option Plans 

The Nonemployee Director Stock Option
Plan grants options to nonemployee directors to purchase the Corporation s common
stock on April 1 each year. The purchase price of the shares is the fair market value at
the date of the grant, and there is a three-year vesting period before options may be
exercised. Options to acquire no more than 6,720 shares of stock may be granted under the
Plan in any calendar year and options to acquire not more than 67,200 shares in the
aggregate may be outstanding at any one time. 

The Employee Stock Option Plan grants
options to eligible employees to purchase the Corporation s common stock at or above,
the fair market value of the stock at the date of the grant. Awards granted under this
plan are limited to an aggregate of 72,000 shares. The administrator of the plan is a
committee of directors. The administrator has the power to determine the number of options
to be granted, the exercise price of the options and other terms of the options, subject
to consistency with the terms of the plan. 

(Continued) 
 23. 

NOTE 10 STOCK
PURCHASE AND OPTION PLANS (Continued) 

The following summarizes shares
issued under the various plans: 

2002 2001 2000
 ---- ---- ----

 Automatic dividend reinvestment plan 8,032 10,407 12,607
 Director stock purchase retainer stock 516 0 1,018
 Other issuance of stock 1,341 2,781 1,912
 --------- --------- ---------

 9,889 13,188 15,537
 ========= ========= =========

The following table summarizes stock
option activity: 

Number of Weighted
 Options Average Price
 ------- -------------

 Options outstanding at January 1, 2000 17,904 24.77
 Options granted 2000 1,767 39.58
 --------
 Options outstanding at December 31, 2000 19,671 26.09
 Options granted 2001 3,244 25.13
 Options forfeited 2001 (332) 30.80
 --------
 Options outstanding at December 31, 2001 22,583 25.89
 Options granted 2002 2,947 26.50
 Options forfeited 2002 (2,760) 29.36
 --------

 Options outstanding at December 31, 2002 22,770 26.21
 ========

(Continued) 
 24. 

NOTE 10 STOCK
PURCHASE AND OPTION PLANS (Continued) 

Information pertaining to options
outstanding at December 31, is as follows: 

Weighted
 Average Weighted
 Number Remaining Average Number
 Range of Exercise Price Outstanding Life Price Exercisable
 ----------------------- ----------- ---- ----- -----------

2002
- ----
 15.00 - 20.00 6,624 3.79 17.44 6,624
 20.00 - 30.00 10,409 7.30 24.78 4,416
 30.00 - 40.00 5,497 7.02 37.59 3,864
 40.00 - 50.00 240 6.50 45.00 240
 --------- ---------

 Outstanding at end of year 22,770 15,144
 ========= =========

Weighted average exercised price of
 exercisable at the end of the year 25.16
 =========

2001
- ----
 15.00 - 20.00 7,728 4.75 17.35 7,728
 20.00 - 30.00 8,014 7.31 23.94 4,968
 30.00 - 40.00 6,601 8.00 37.45
 40.00 - 50.00 240 7.51 45.00
 --------- ---------

 Outstanding at end of year 22,583 12,696
 ========= =========

2000
- ----
 Outstanding at end of year 19,671 3,864
 ========= =========

(Continued) 
 25. 

NOTE 11 
REGULATORY MATTERS 

The Corporation (on a consolidated
basis) and its Bank subsidiaries are subject to various regulatory capital requirements
administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements
can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions
by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Bank s
financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for
prompt corrective action, the Corporation and the Banks must meet specific capital
guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain
off-balance-sheet items are calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital
amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators
about components, risk weightings, and other factors. Prompt corrective action provisions
are not applicable to bank holding companies. 

Quantitative measures established by
regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Corporation and the Banks to maintain
minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of total and Tier 1 capital (as
defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier 1 capital
(as defined) to average assets (as defined). Management believes, as of December 31, 2002,
that the Corporation and the Banks meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they
are subject. As of December 31, 2002 and 2001, the most recent notifications from Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation categorized the Corporation and the Banks as well
capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized
as well capitalized the Corporation and the Banks must maintain minimum total risk-based,
Tier 1 risk-based, and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the table. There are no
conditions or events since the notifications that management believes have changed the
Banks category. 

To Be Well
 For Capital Capitalized Under
 Adequacy Prompt Corrective
 Actual Purposes Action Provisions
 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio
As of December 31, 2002 ------ ----- ------ ----- ------ -----
- -----------------------
Total Capital
 (to Risk Weighted Assets)
 Consolidated 42,815 15.2 22,538 8.0 28,173 10.0 
 The State Bank 27,663 11.2 19,680 8.0 24,600 10.0
 Davison State Bank 4,347 13.3 2,619 8.0 3,274 10.0

Tier 1 Capital
 (to Risk Weighted Assets)
 Consolidated 39,631 14.1 11,269 4.0 16,904 6.0
 The State Bank 24,862 10.1 9,840 4.0 14,760 6.0
 Davison State Bank 3,964 12.1 1,310 4.0 1,965 6.0

(Continued) 
 26. 

NOTE 11 
REGULATORY MATTERS (Continued) 

Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets)
 Consolidated 39,631 12.6 12,607 4.0 15,758 5.0
 The State Bank 24,862 8.9 11,161 4.0 13,952 5.0
 Davison State Bank 3,964 9.9 1,606 4.0 2,008 5.0

To Be Well
 For Capital Capitalized Under
 Adequacy Prompt Corrective
 Actual Purposes Action Provisions
 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio
As of December 31, 2001 ------ ----- ------ ----- ------ -----
- -----------------------
Total Capital
 (to Risk Weighted Assets)
 Consolidated 41,466 16.2 20,440 8.0 25,550 10.0 
 The State Bank 35,072 15.2 18,473 8.0 23,091 10.0
 Davison State Bank 3,123 12.3 2,024 8.0 2,531 10.0

Tier 1 Capital
 (to Risk Weighted Assets)
 Consolidated 38,341 15.0 10,220 4.0 15,330 6.0
 The State Bank 32,283 13.9 9,236 4.0 13,854 6.0
 Davison State Bank 2,832 11.2 1,012 4.0 1,518 6.0

Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets)
 Consolidated 38,341 12.5 12,270 4.0 15,338 5.0
 The State Bank 32,283 11.7 11,076 4.0 13,845 5.0
 Davison State Bank 2,832 9.1 1,244 4.0 1,556 5.0

NOTE 12 FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS 

The estimated fair values of the
Corporation s financial instruments at December 31, are as follows (in thousands): 

2 0 0 2 2 0 0 1
 ------- -------
 Carrying Fair Carrying Fair
 Amount Value Amount Value
 ------ ----- ------ -----
 Assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents 30,562 30,562 41,838 41,838
 Securities - available for sale 48,981 48,981 25,792 25,792
 Securities - held to maturity 13,722 14,051 13,375 13,508
 FHLB stock 822 822 822 822
 Loans held for sale 5,509 5,565 1,710 1,729
 Loans 221,037 229,739 211,005 213,913
 Accrued interest receivable 1,595 1,595 1,445 1,445

(Continued) 
 27. 

NOTE 12 FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS (Continued) 

Liabilities:
 Deposits 295,869 297,219 265,270 268,384
 Short-term borrowings 1,500 1,500 2,100 2,100
 FHLB advances 1,124 1,305 1,138 1,132
 Accrued interest payable 551 551 738 738

The following methods and assumptions
were used by the Corporation in estimating its fair value disclosures for financial
instruments: 

Cash and cash equivalents The carrying amounts reported in the
balance sheet for cash and short-term instruments approximate their fair values. 

Securities (including mortgage-backed securities) Fair values for securities are based
on quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair
values are based on quoted market prices of comparable instruments. 

Loans held for sale The market value of these loans
represents estimated fair value. The market value is determined in the aggregate on the
basis of existing forward commitments or fair values attributable to similar loans. 

Loans For variable rate loans that reprice
frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on
carrying values. The fair value for other loans are estimated using discounted cash flow
analysis, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to
borrowers of similar credit quality. The carrying amount of accrued interest receivable
approximates its fair value. 

Off-balance-sheet instruments The Corporation s
off-balance-sheet instruments approximate their fair values. 

Deposit liabilities The fair values disclosed for demand
deposits are, by definition equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date.
The carrying amounts for variable rate, fixed term money market accounts and certificates
of deposit approximate their fair values at the reporting date. Fair values for fixed
certificates of deposit are estimated using discounted cash flow calculation that applies
interest rates currently being offered on similar certificates. The carrying amount of
accrued interest payable approximates its fair value. 

(Continued) 
 28. 

NOTE 12 FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS (Continued) 

Short-term borrowings The carrying amounts of federal funds
purchased, borrowings under repurchase agreements, and other short-term borrowings
approximate their fair values. 

FHLB advances Rates currently available for FHLB
debt with similar terms and remaining maturities are used to estimate the fair value of
the existing debt. 

Limitations Fair value estimates are made at a
specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the
financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could
result from offering for sale at one time the Corporation s entire holdings of a
particular financial instrument. Because no market exists for a significant portion of the
Corporation s financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on
management s judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic
conditions, risk characteristics and other factors. These estimates are subjective in
nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot
be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the
estimates. 

Off-balance-sheet risk Some financial instruments, such as
loan commitments, credit lines, letters of credit, and overdraft protection, are issued to
meet customer financing needs. These are agreements to provide credit or to support the
credit of others, as long as conditions established in the contract are met, and usually
have expiration dates. Commitments may expire without being used. Off-balance-sheet risk
to credit loss exists up to the face amount of these instruments, although material losses
are not anticipated. The same credit policies are used to make such commitments as are
used for loans, including obtaining collateral at exercise of the commitment. 

The contractual amount of financial
instruments with off-balance-sheet risk was as follows at year- end. 

2002 2001
 ---- ----

 Commitments to make loans (at market rates) 26,528 21,096
 Unused lines of credit and letters of credit 52,795 41,359

Commitments to make loans are
generally made for periods of 90 days or less. At December 31, 2002, 4,205,000 of
the outstanding loan commitments had fixed interest rates ranging from 4.9 to 8.0 and
maturities ranging from one year to five years. 

(Continued) 
 29. 

NOTE 13 PARENT
ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

The condensed financial information
that follows presents the financial condition of Fentura Bancorp, Inc. (parent company
only), along with the results of its operations and its cash flows. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS December 31 (in
thousands) 

2002 2001
 ---- ----
 ASSETS 
 Cash and cash equivalents 7,780 3,200
 Securities available for sale, at market 2,964 0
 Other assets 63 27
 Investment in subsidiaries 29,121 35,206
 ----------- -----------

 39,928 38,433
 =========== ===========

 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Common stock 30,236 30,664
 Retained earnings 9,395 7,677
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 297 92
 ----------- -----------

 39,928 38,433
 =========== ===========

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF
INCOME Years ended December 31 (in
thousands) 

2002 2001 2000
 ---- ---- ----

 Interest on securities 37 0 0
 Gain on sale of securities 0 26 0
 Dividends from subsidiaries 10,799 1,769 1,659
 Operating expenses (98) (133) (69)
 Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries (7,289) 2,088 2,626
 ----------- ----------- -----------
 Income before income taxes 3,449 3,750 4,216
 Federal income tax expense (benefit) (17) (27) 0
 ----------- ----------- -----------

 Net income 3,466 3,777 4,216
 ----------- ----------- -----------

(Continued) 
 30. 

NOTE 13 - PARENT ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued) 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS Years ended December 31 (in
thousands) 

2002 2001 2000
 ---- ---- ----
 Cash flows from operating activities 
 Net income 3,466 3,777 4,216
 Gain on sale of securities 0 (26) 0
 Amortization 21 0 0
 Change in other assets (37) (1) 0
 Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary 7,289 (2,088) (2,626)
 ----------- ----------- -----------
 Net cash provided by operating activities 10,739 1,662 1,590

 Cash flows provided by investing activities 
 Sale of equity securities 0 491 0
 Purchase of equity securities (395) 0 0
 Sales and maturities of securities - AFS 3,524 0 0
 Purchases of securities - AFS (6,112) 0 0
 (Increase) decrease in land held in investment 0 0 414
 Investment in subsidiary (1,000) 0 0
 ----------- ----------- -----------
 Net cash provided by investing activities (3,983) 491 414

 Cash flows used in financing activities 
 Dividends paid (1,748) (1,748) (1,659)
 Stock repurchase (719) 0 0
 Proceeds from stock issuance 291 343 462
 ----------- ----------- -----------
 Net cash used in financing activities (2,176) (1,405) (1,197)
 ----------- ----------- -----------

 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 4,580 748 807

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 3,200 2,452 1,645
 ----------- ----------- -----------

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 7,780 3,200 2,452
 =========== =========== ===========

(Continued) 
 31. 

NOTE 14 SUMMARY
OF QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA UNAUDITED 

The unaudited quarterly results of
operations for 2002, 2001 and 2000 are as follows (in thousands except per share data): 

First Second Third Fourth
 Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter
 ------- ------- ------- -------
2002
- ----
 Interest income 4,416 4,450 4,554 4,532
 Interest expense 1,559 1,376 1,400 1,387
 Provision for loan losses 33 69 107 217
 Noninterest income 1,056 1,161 1,389 1,788
 Noninterest expenses 3,034 3,080 3,102 3,037
 Income before income taxes 846 1,086 1,334 1,679
 Provision for income taxes 253 311 407 508
 Net income 593 775 927 1,171

 Earnings per share
 Basic .34 .45 .53 .68
 Diluted .34 .45 .53 .68

2001
- ----
 Interest income 5,786 5,577 5,368 4,836
 Interest expense 2,619 2,362 2,239 1,871
 Provision for loan losses 138 255 179 179
 Noninterest income 1,028 1,339 1,345 1,651
 Noninterest expenses 2,899 2,957 3,135 2,709
 Income before income taxes 1,158 1,342 1,160 1,728
 Provision for income taxes 339 400 354 518
 Net income 819 942 806 1,210

 Earnings per share
 Basic .48 .54 .47 .70
 Diluted .47 .54 .46 .70

(Continued) 
 32. 

NOTE 14 - SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA - UNAUDITED (Continued) 

First Second Third Fourth
 Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter
 ------- ------- ------- -------
2000
- ----
 Interest income 5,539 5,919 5,967 5,902
 Interest expense 2,296 2,512 2,559 2,523
 Provision for loan losses 169 201 153 61
 Noninterest income 951 1,053 1,094 1,430
 Noninterest expenses 2,882 3,076 2,892 2,586
 Income before income taxes 1,143 1,183 1,457 2,162
 Provision for income taxes 270 353 437 669
 Net income 873 830 1,020 1,493

 Earnings per share
 Basic .51 .48 .60 .88
 Diluted .51 .48 .59 .87

33. 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This section provides a narrative
discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations
of Fentura Financial, Inc. (the Corporation), together with its subsidiaries, The State
Bank and Davison State Bank (the Banks), for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001, and
2000. The supplemental financial data included throughout this discussion should be read
in conjunction with the primary financial statements presented on pages 2 through 30 of
this report. It provides a more detailed and comprehensive review of operating results and
financial position than could be obtained from a reading of the financial statements
alone. 

TABLE 1 Selected Financial Data
 in thousands except per share data
 And ratios 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Summary of Consolidated Statements of Income:
Interest Income 17,952 21,567 23,327 21,214 21,440
Interest Expense 5,722 9,091 9,890 8,013 8,648
 ------------------------------------------------------
Net Interest Income 12,230 12,476 13,437 13,201 12,792
Provision for Loan Losses 426 751 584 545 724
 ------------------------------------------------------
Net Interest Income after Provision 11,804 11,725 12,853 12,656 12,068
Total Other Operating Income 5,394 5,363 4,528 4,262 4,028
Total Other Operating Expense 12,253 11,700 11,436 11,136 10,548
 ------------------------------------------------------
Income Before Income Taxes 4,945 5,388 5,945 5,782 5,548
Provision for Income Taxes 1,479 1,611 1,729 1,782 1,728
 ------------------------------------------------------
Net Income 3,466 3,777 4,216 4,000 3,820
 ======================================================
Net Income Per Share - Basic 2.00 2.18 2.46 2.36 2.28
Net Income Per Share - Diluted 2.00 2.18 2.45 2.35 2.28

Summary of Consolidated Balance Sheets:
Assets 340,483 309,090 292,890 283,621 275,047
Securities, including FHLB stock 63,525 39,989 66,704 67,886 77,956
Loans, including loans held for sale 229,730 215,840 195,295 191,246 172,413
Deposits 295,869 265,270 248,656 247,051 241,105
Stockholders' Equity 39,928 38,433 35,754 31,865 30,022

Other Financial and Statistical Data:
Tier 1 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets 14.10 15.01 14.96 13.01 13.30 
Total Capital to Risk Weighted Assets 15.20 16.23 16.21 14.26 14.55 
Tier 1 Capital to Average Assets 12.60 12.50 12.15 11.15 10.60 
Total Cash Dividends 1,748 1,748 1,659 1,586 1,464
Book Value Per Share 23.19 22.15 20.76 18.68 17.77
Cash Dividends Paid Per Share 1.01 1.01 0.97 0.93 0.88
Period End Market Price Per Share 34.75 25.50 25.13 36.87 41.67
Dividend Pay-out Ratio 50.43 46.28 39.35 39.65 38.32 
Return on Average Stockholders' Equity 8.78 10.01 12.56 12.66 13.19 
Return on Average Assets 1.10 1.23 1.42 1.46 1.45 
Net Interest Margin 4.46 4.53 5.07 5.32 5.28 
Total Equity to Assets at Period End 11.73 12.43 12.21 11.24 10.92 

34. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The Corporation achieved net income
of 3,466,000 for the year of 2002. Net Income for 2002 decreased 311,000 or 8.2 . Net
income decreased primarily due to interest rate drops during 2002. Contributing to the
2002 results was the increase in total noninterest income of 31,000 or 0.6 . Non-interest
expense increased by 553,000 or 4.7 . The Corporation anticipates that the interest rate
environment will remain steady or possibly increase in 2003, which should have a positive
impact on operations. 

Standard performance indicators used
in the banking industry help management evaluate the Corporation s performance. Two
of these performance indicators are return on average assets and return on average equity.
For 2002, 2001, and 2000 respectively, the Corporation posted a return on average assets
of 1.10 , 1.23 , and 1.42 . Return on average equity was 8.78 in 2002, 10.01 in 2001,
and 12.56 in 2000. Equity increased 3.9 in 2002, which will allow the Corporation to
continue its growth strategy. Total assets increased 31 million in 2002, 16 million in
2001, and 9 million in 2000. Basic earnings per share were 2.00 in 2002, 2.18 in 2001,
and 2.46 in 2000. 

NET INTEREST INCOME Net interest income, the principal
source of income, is the amount of interest income generated by earning assets
(principally securities and loans) less interest expense paid on interest bearing
liabilities (largely deposits and other borrowings). 

A critical task of management is to
price assets and liabilities so that the spread between the interest earned on assets and
the interest paid on liabilities is maximized without unacceptable risk. While interest
rates on interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities are subject to market
forces, in general, the Corporation can exert more control over deposit costs than earning
assets rates. Loan products carry either fixed rates of interest or rates tied to market
indices determined independently. The Corporation sets its own rates on deposits,
providing management with some flexibility in determining the timing and proportion of
rate changes for the cost of its deposits. 

Table 2 summarizes the changes in net
interest income resulting from changes in volume and rates for the years ended December
31, 2002 and 2001. Net interest income (displayed with consideration of full tax
equivalency), average balance sheet amounts, and the corresponding yields for the last
three years are shown in Table 3. Tax equivalent interest income decreased by 220,000 in
2002, or 1.7 and by 979,000 or 7.1 in 2001. The primary factor contributing to the
decrease in net interest income was the eleven prime rate cuts during 2001, followed by
another cut in late 2002, which reduced interest income more than the reduction in
interest expense. 

As indicated in Table 3, for the year
ended December 31, 2002, the Corporation s net interest margin was 4.46 compared
with 4.53 and 5.07 for the same period in 2001 and 2000 respectively, and continues to
remain substantially above peer performance. The slight decrease in 2002 is due to lower
earning asset yields due to the cuts in the prime rate. The decrease in margin in 2001 is
attributable to a decrease in the Corporation s earning assets yields due to the cuts
in the prime rate. Cost of funding decreased in response to decreases in treasury rates
and local competitor s rates. 

Average earning assets decreased 0.3 
in 2002. Average earning assets increased 4.0 in 2001, and 7.4 in 2000. Loans, the
highest yielding component of earning assets, represented 77.2 of earning assets in 2002,
compared to 71.1 in 2001 and 72.3 in 2000. Average interest bearing liabilities
increased 0.9 in 2002, 1.4 in 2001, and 7.0 in 2000. Non-interest bearing deposits
amounted to 15.5 of average earning assets in 2001 compared with 13.7 in 2001 and 13.1 
in 2000. 

35. 

TABLE 2 Changes in Net Interest Income
 Due to Changes in Average Volume
 and Interest Rates
 Years Ended December 31,

 INCREASE (DECREASE) INCREASE (DECREASE)
 2002 2001
 DUE TO: DUE TO:
 --------------------------------------------------------
 YIELD/ YIELD/
(000's omitted) VOL RATE TOTAL VOL RATE TOTAL
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
TAXABLE SECURITIES 903) 477) 1,380) 625) 256) 881)
TAX-EXEMPT SECURITIES 209 (269) (60) 4 (36) (32)
FEDERAL FUNDS SOLD (124) (464) (588) 1,022 (739) 283

TOTAL LOANS 1,172 (2,838) (1,666) 420 (1,658) (1,238)
LOANS HELD FOR SALE 111 (6) 105 92 (2) 90
 --------------------------------------------------------

 TOTAL EARNING ASSETS 465 (4,054) (3,589) 913 (2,691) (1,778)

INTEREST BEARING DEMAND DEPOSITS 100 (286) (186) (68) (74) (142)
SAVINGS DEPOSITS 326 (1,048) (722) 217 (632) (415)
TIME CDs 100,000 AND OVER (467) (305) (772) (11) (237) (248)
OTHER TIME DEPOSITS (454) (1,201) (1,655) 450 47 497
OTHER BORROWINGS (9) (25) (34) (478) (13) (491)
 --------------------------------------------------------

 TOTAL INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES (504) (2,865) (3,369) 110 (909) (799)
 --------------------------------------------------------

 NET INTEREST INCOME 969 1,189) 220) 803 1,782) 979)
 ========================================================

36. 

TABLE 3 Summary of Net Interest Income
(000's omitted) Years Ended December 31,

 2002 2001 2000

ASSETS AVG BAL INC/EXP YIELD AVG BAL INC/EXP YIELD AVG BAL INC/EXP YIELD
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 Securities:
 U.S. Treasury and
 Government Agencies 21,800 788 3.61 38,674 2,253 5.83 50,884 3,244 6.38 
 State and Political (1) 17,387 976 5.61 14,471 1,036 7.16 14,298 1,068 7.47 
 Other 4,667 258 5.53 3,472 173 4.98 1,086 63 5.80 
 -------------------------- --------------------------- --------------------------
 Total Securities 43,854 2,022 4.61 56,617 3,462 6.11 66,268 4,375 6.60 
 Fed Funds Sold 20,904 338 1.62 24,129 926 3.84 9,306 643 6.91 

 Loans:
 Commercial 137,622 9,868 7.17 122,712 10,557 8.60 105,276 10,120 9.61 
 Tax Free (1) 4,095 279 6.81 1,021 73 7.12 618 52 8.34 
 Real Estate-Mortgage 13,504 1,044 7.73 12,857 1,162 9.85 23,552 2,130 9.04 
 Consumer 60,568 4,619 7.63 65,635 5,684 8.66 68,342 6,412 9.38 
 -------------------------- --------------------------- --------------------------
 Total loans 215,789 15,810 7.33 202,225 17,476 8.64 197,788 16,881 9.46 
 Allowance for Loan Loss (3,127) (3,050) (3,157)
 Net Loans 212,662 15,810 7.43 199,175 17,476 8.77 194,631 18,714 9.61 
 -------------------------- --------------------------- --------------------------
Loans Held for Sale 3,294 209 6.34 1,595 104 6.52 184 14 7.61 
 -------------------------- --------------------------- --------------------------
 TOTAL EARNING ASSETS 283,841 18,379 6.47 284,566 21,968 7.72 273,546 23,746 8.68 
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cash Due from Banks 15,648 11,466 12,202
 All Other Assets 18,807 13,880 13,390
 --------- --------- ---------
TOTAL ASSETS 315,169 306,862 295,981
 --------- --------- ---------

 LIABILITIES SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY: 
 Deposits:
 Interest bearing - DDA 42,637 405 0.95 36,457 591 1.62 40,199 733 1.82 
 Savings Deposits 85,746 1,174 1.37 73,151 1,896 2.59 66,890 2,311 3.45 
 Time CD's 100,000 and Over 24,305 1,022 4.20 32,847 1,794 5.46 33,025 2,042 6.18 
 Other Time CD's 75,114 3,022 4.02 83,197 4,677 5.62 75,124 4,180 5.56 
 -------------------------- --------------------------- --------------------------
 Total Interest Bearing
 Deposits 227,802 5,623 2.47 225,652 8,958 3.97 215,238 9,266 4.31 
 Other Borrowings 2,081 99 4.76 2,240 133 5.94 9,509 624 6.56 
 -------------------------- --------------------------- --------------------------
INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES 229,883 5,722 2.49 227,892 9,091 3.99 224,747 9,890 4.40 
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Non-interest bearing - DDA 43,908 39,014 35,711
 All Other Liabilities 1,885 2,237 1.958
 Shareholders Equity 39,493 37,719 33,565
 --------- --------- ---------
TOTAL LIABILITIES and S/H
 EQUITY 315,169 306,862 295,981

 --------- -------- --------- --------- --------- --------
Net Interest Rate Spread 3.98 3.73 4.28 
Net Interest Income/Margin 12,657 4.46 12,877 4.53 13,856 5.07 
 ================= ================== =================

(1) Presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis using a federal income tax
 rate of 34 . 

37. 

ALLOWANCE AND PROVISION
FOR LOAN LOSSES The allowance for loan losses
reflects management s judgment as to the level considered appropriate to absorb
probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio. The Corporation s methodology in
determining the adequacy of the allowance includes a review of individual loans, size and
composition of the loan portfolio, historical loss experience, current economic
conditions, financial condition of borrowers, the level and composition of non-performing
loans, portfolio trends, estimated net charge-offs, and other pertinent factors. Although
reserves have been allocated to various portfolio segments, the allowance is general in
nature and is available for the portfolio in its entirety. At December 31, 2002, the
allowance for loan losses was 3,184,000 or 1.42 of total loans. This compares with
 3,125,000 or 1.46 at December 31, 2001 and 2,932,000, or 1.50 , at December 31, 2000.
The Corporation has lowered the allowance for loan losses as a percent of total loans
because of an improvement in overall asset quality. 

The provision for loan losses was
 426,000 in 2002 and 751,000 and 584,000 in 2001 and 2000 respectively. The decrease in
the provision in 2002 reflects management s effort to maintain adequate reserves
commensurate with loan growth. In 2002, loans charged-off had a modest increase due to
some non-performing commercial loans. In 2001, loans charged-off decreased, due to a
non-repetitive, substantial charge-off on non-performing commercial loans in 2000 and an
increase in loans charged-off in the indirect loan portfolio in 2000. This increased
charge-off level resulted in an increase in provision for loan losses in 2001. 

Table 4 summarizes loan losses and
recoveries from 1998 through 2002. During 2002 the Corporation experienced net charge-offs
of 367,000, compared with net charge-offs of 558,000 and 613,000 in 2001 and 2000,
respectively. The net charge-off ratio is the net of charge-off loans minus the recoveries
from loans divided by gross loans. Accordingly, the net charge-off ratio for 2002 was .16 
compared to .28 and .31 at the end of 2001 and 2000, respectively. The net charge-off
ratio decreased due to an increase in commercial recoveries in 2002. The net charge-off
ratio decreased slightly due to fewer charge-offs from the commercial and consumer
portfolios in 2001. The net charge-off ratio increased in 2000 primarily due to a write
down on a non-performing commercial loan. 

The Corporation maintains formal
policies and procedures to control and monitor credit risk. Management believes the
allowance for loan losses is adequate to meet normal credit risks in the loan portfolio.
The Corporation s loan portfolio has no significant concentrations in any one
industry or any exposure in foreign loans. The Corporation has not extended credit to
finance highly leveraged transactions nor does it intend to do so in the future.
Employment levels and other economic conditions in the Corporation s local markets
may have a significant impact on the level of credit losses. Management continues to
identify and devote attention to credits that may not be performing as agreed. Because of
these factors and the uncertainty of economic conditions, management expects to maintain
the current level of the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of gross loans in 2003.
Non-performing loans are discussed further in the section titled Non-Performing
Assets . 

TABLE 4
Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses Years Ended December 31,
(000's omitted) 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Balance Beginning of Period 3,125 2,932 2,961 2,955 2,955
 --------------------------------------------------
Charge-offs:
 Commercial, Financial and
 Agricultural (329) (226) (284) (72) (454)
 Real Estate-Construction 0 0 0 0 0
 Real Estate-Mortgage (7) 0 0 (2) (77)
 Installment Loans to Individuals (510) (487) (522) (377) (537)
 --------------------------------------------------
 Total Charge-offs (846) (713) (806) (451) (1,068)
 --------------------------------------------------
Recoveries:
 Commercial, Financial and
 Agricultural 344 28 107 13 43
 Real Estate-Construction 0 0 0 0 0
 Real Estate-Mortgage 0 0 0 0 37
 Installment Loans to Individuals 135 125 86 71 92
 --------------------------------------------------
Total Recoveries 479 155 193 84 172
 --------------------------------------------------
Net Charge-offs (367) (558) (613) (367) (896)
 --------------------------------------------------
Provision 426 751 584 545 724
 --------------------------------------------------
Balance at End of Period 3,184 3,125 2,932 2,961 2,783
 ==================================================
Ratio of Net Charge-Offs During the Period 0.16 0.28 0.31 0.19 0.55 

38. 

NON-INTEREST INCOME Non-interest income was 5,394,000 in
2002, 5,363,000 and 4,528,000 in 2001 and 2000 respectively. These amounts represent an
increase of 0.6 in 2002 compared to 2001 and an increase of 18.4 comparing 2001 to 2000. 

The most significant category of
non-interest income is service charges on deposit accounts. These fees were 2,594,000 in
2002, compared to 2,286,000 and 1,915,000 in 2001 and 2000 respectively. This is an
increase of 308,000 or 13.5 in 2002 and a increase of 371,000 or 19.4 in 2001. In
2002, the increase was due to a new overdraft privilege product and an increase in
business deposit account service charges. The increase in 2001 was due to higher overdraft
charges and deposit account service charges being higher due to deposit growth. The
decrease in 2000 is attributable to higher individual checking and saving account balances
offsetting service charges. 

Gains on the sale of mortgage loans
originated by the Banks and sold in the secondary market were 1,009,000 in 2002, 659,000
in 2001, and 179,000 in 2000. The 53.1 increase in 2002 is due to the increase in
mortgage loan production because of the lowest interest rates in thirty years. The 268.2 
increase in 2001 is due to the increase in mortgage loan production caused by an increase
in new home purchases and refinancing activity due to low mortgage interest rates. The
Corporation sells the majority of the mortgage loans originated in the secondary market on
a servicing released basis; thus the Corporation did not receive mortgage-servicing fees
in 2002 or 2001. 

Trust income decreased 26,000 in
2002 to 540,000 compared to 566,000 in 2001 and 695,000 in 2000. The 4.6 decrease in
2002 is due to portfolio turnover and the decline in market value of these assets. The
decrease in 2001 was due to drop in assets under management and market value of these
assets. 

In 2002, the Corporation did not
recognize a gain on security transactions compared to 674,000 gain on security
transactions in 2001, and no gains in 2000. In 2001, these gains were a result of several
transactions wherein the Corporation sold investment securities and reinvested in issues,
which will provide greater total income potential. 

Other income and fees includes income
from the sale of checks, safe deposit box rent, merchant account income, ATM income, and
other miscellaneous income items. Other income and fees were 1,251,000 in 2002 compared
to 1,178,000 and 1,108,000 in 2001 and 2000 respectively. The increase in 2002 is due to
an increase cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance. The increase in 2001 is due
to an increase in income from the sale of official checks. 

39. 

NON-INTEREST EXPENSE Total non-interest expense was
 12,253,000 in 2002 compared to 11,700,000 in 2001 and 11,436,000 in 2000. This is an
increase of 4.7 in 2002 and 2.3 in 2001. 

Salaries and employee benefits, the
Corporation s largest operating expense category, were 6,454,000 in 2002, compared
with 5,988,000 in 2001, and 5,801,000 in 2000. Increased costs are a result of annual
salary increases, increases in health care expenses and staff additions in connection with
a new branch office in Grand Blanc. 

In 2002, equipment expenses were
 1,563,000 compared to 1,411,000 in 2001 and 1,552,000 in 2000, an increase of 10.8 in
2002 and a decrease of 9.1 in 2001. The increase is attributable to equipment maintenance
costs increasing due to more equipment to cover and increase in equipment depreciation.
Equipment maintenance expense decreased due to better-negotiated contracts in 2001. 

Occupancy expenses associated with
the Corporation s facilities were 1,061,000 in 2002 compared to 886,000 in 2001 and
 784,000 in 2000. In 2002, this was an increase of 19.8 and in 2001 an increase of 13.0 .
The increase in 2002 is due to the expenses associated with the opening of the new Silver
Parkway office and the opening of the second Grand Blanc office of The State Bank. The
increase in 2001 is due to the opening of the new main office of Davison State Bank and
the new Grand Blanc office of The State Bank. 

Office supplies were 305,000 in 2002
compared to 300,000 in 2001 and 311,000 in 2000. In 2002, this was an increase of 1.7 
and in 2001 a decrease of 3.5 . The slight increase in 2002 is attributable to a modest
increase in purchases of various normal office supplies. The decrease in 2001 was due to
the reduction of office supplies expenses from 2000 where expenses were higher for the
initial supplies for the new Davison State Bank. 

Loan and collection expenses were
 183,000 in 2002 compared to 178,000 in 2001, and 289,000 in 2000. The slight increase
in 2002 of 2.8 was due to the increase in filing and recording fees due to the growth in
the loan portfolio. The decrease in 2001 of 111,000 or 38.4 was due to the decrease in
dealer service fees paid in connection with indirect auto lending. 

Advertising expenses were 315,000 in
2002 compared to 320,000 in 2001, and 263,000 in 2000. The slight decrease in 2002 of
 5,000 or 1.6 was due to a reduction in other promotional materials. The increase of
 57,000 or 21.7 in 2001was due to the promotion of the new Davison State Bank and the
promotion of the new Grand Blanc office of The State Bank. 

The makeup of other professional fees
includes audit fees, consulting fees, legal fees, and various other professional services.
Other professional services were 1,100,000 in 2002 compared to 1,144,000 in 2001, and
 1,000,000 in 2000. The decrease in 2002 of 44,000 or 3.8 was due to lower consulting
fees. The increase of 144,000 or 14.4 in 2001 was attributable to the costs of
researching a potential stock offering for Davison State Bank and increases in audit and
legal fees for both banks. 

Other general and administrative
expenses were 1,272,000 in 2002 compared to 1,473,000 in 2001, and 1,436,000 in 2000.
The decreases in these expenses were due to lower other losses from charged off accounts
and lower correspondent bank charges in 2002. These expenses were higher in 2001 because
of an increase in other losses from charged off accounts and increases in check processing
costs. 

40. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION Proper management of the volume and
composition of the Corporation s earning assets and funding sources is essential for
ensuring strong and consistent earnings performance, maintaining adequate liquidity and
limiting exposure to risks caused by changing market conditions. The Corporation s
securities portfolio is structured to provide a source of liquidity through maturities and
to generate an income stream with relatively low levels of principal risk. The Corporation
does not engage in securities trading. Loans comprise the largest component of earning
assets and are the Corporation s highest yielding assets. Client deposits are the
primary source of funding for earning assets while short-term debt and other sources of
funds could be utilized if market conditions and liquidity needs change. 

The Corporation s total assets
averaged 315 million for 2002 exceeding 2001 s average of 307 million by 8 million
or 2.6 . Average loans comprised 68.5 of total average assets during 2002 compared to
65.9 in 2001. Loans grew 13.6 million on average with commercial loans leading the
advance by 14.9 million or 12.2 . The ratio of average non-interest bearing deposits to
total deposits was 16.2 in 2002 compared to 14.7 during 2001. Interest bearing deposits
comprised 99.1 of total average interest bearing liabilities during 2002, increased from
99.0 during 2001. The Corporation s year end total assets were 340 million for 2002
up from 309 million in 2001. The increase was due to the higher loan demand and an
increase in securities funded by deposit growth in 2002. 

SECURITIES PORTFOLIO Securities totaled 62,703,000 at
December 31, 2002 compared to 39,167,000 at December 31, 2001. This was an increase of
 23,536,000 or 60.1 . The increase in 2002 resulted principally from the purchasing new
securities to replace the securities sold in December 2001 and purchasing of new
securities throughout the year. At December 31, 2002 these securities comprised 21.4 of
earning assets, up from 14.1 at December 31, 2001. The Corporation considers all of its
securities as available for sale except for Michigan tax-exempt securities, which are
classified as held to maturity. Increases in loan balances from new loan growth in excess
of the amount of deposit growth, coupled with the increase in securities in 2002 accounts
for the decrease in federal funds sold. Fed funds sold were 10,300,000 at December 31,
2002 compared with 22,800,000 at December 31, 2001. 

The Corporation s present
policies with respect to the classification of securities are discussed in Note 1 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. As of December 31, 2002, the estimated aggregate fair
value of the Corporation s securities portfolio was 779,000 above amortized cost. At
December 31, 2002 gross unrealized gains were 816,000 and gross unrealized losses were
 36,000. A summary of estimated fair values and unrealized gains and losses for the major
components of the securities portfolio is provided in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. Yields on municipal securities presented in Table 5 below have not been tax
effected. 

TABLE 5
Analysis and Maturities of Securities
 Amortized Fair
(000's omitted) Cost Value Yield
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 AVAILABLE FOR SALE 

U.S. Agencies
 One year or less 4,018 4,085 3.65 
 Over one through five years 22,761 22,836 2.24 
 Over five through ten years 2,104 2,106 2.53 
 Over ten years 0 0 0.00 
 ---------------------------
 Total 28,883 29,027

Mortgage-Backed
 One year or less 0 0 0.00 
 Over one through five years 0 0 0.00 
 Over five through ten years 603 630 4.41 
 Over ten years 6,298 6,463 4.41 
 ---------------------------
 Total 6,901 7,093

41. 

State and Political
 One year or less 2,529 2,532 1.95 
 Over one through five years 2,887 2,911 2.08 
 Over five through ten years 265 271 2.70 
 Over ten years 3,640 3,674 2.70 
 ---------------------------
 Total 9,321 9,388

Corporate Bonds
 One year or less 2,014 2,025 3.63 
 Over one through five years 1,017 1,053 5.80 
 Over five through ten years 0 0 0.00 
 Over ten years 0 0 0.00 
 ---------------------------
 Total 3,031 3,078

Equity Securities 395 395

 HELD TO MATURITY 

State and Political
 One year or less 6,111 6,125 2.17 
 Over one through five years 3,547 3,720 4.15 
 Over five through ten years 2,267 2,366 4.74 
 Over ten years 1,797 1,840 4.93 
 ---------------------------
 Total 13,722 14,051

Total Securities 62,253 63,032

LOAN PORTFOLIO The Corporation extends credit
primarily within in its local markets in Genesee, Oakland, and Livingston counties. The
Corporation s commercial loan portfolio is widely diversified with no concentration
within a single industry that exceeds 10 of total loans. The Corporation s
respective loan portfolio balances are summarized in Table 6. 

Total loans increased 10,085,000 at
December 31, 2002, with total loans comprising 75.6 of earning assets as compared to
76.5 of December 31, 2001 earning assets. Local economic conditions remained reasonably
steady throughout 2002. The steadiness of the local economy supported continued commercial
business growth including commercial development. Accordingly, the Corporation experienced
strong demand for commercial loans. In 2002, commercial loans increased approximately
 10,668,000 to 129,562,000 or 9.0 . Additionally, real estate construction and
development loans increased 1,598,000 or 6.3 to 27,032,000 at December 31, 2002.
Consumer loans decreased in 2002 approximately 2,908,000 due to decrease in indirect
loans. In 2001, real estate construction and development loans increased 7,963,000 or 46 
to 25,434,000 at December 31, 2001. Consumer loans decreased modestly in 2001. 

Management expects the local economy
to support continued growth and development in 2003 and will aggressively seek out new
loan opportunities while continuing to maintain sound credit quality. 

42. 

TABLE 6
Loan Portfolio
December 31,
(000's omitted) 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Commercial 129,562 118,894 101,925 92,896 78,832
Real estate - construction 27,032 25,434 17,471 12,481 9,010
Real estate - mortgage 11,944 11,158 10,514 21,409 11,641
Consumer 55,683 58,644 65,198 64,280 62,423
 --------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total 224,221 214,130 195,108 191,066 161,906
 ====================================================================

The Corporation originates primarily
residential and commercial real estate loans, commercial, construction, and consumer
loans. The Corporation estimates that 80 of the loan portfolio is based in Genesee and
Livingston counties within southeast Michigan. The ability of the Corporation s
debtors to honor their contracts is dependent upon the real estate and general economic
conditions in the area 

TABLE 7
Maturities of the Loan Portfolio by Loan Type 

 December 31, 2002 Within One- After
(000's omitted) One Five Five
 Year Years Years Total
 ---- ----- ----- ----- 
Commercial 38,206 77,795 13,561 129,562
Real estate - construction 21,036 5,996 0 27,032
Real estate - mortgage 3,304 3,676 4,964 11,944
Consumer 8,294 28,872 18,517 55,683
 -------- --------- -------- ---------
 70,840 116,339 37,042 224,221
 ======== ========= ======== =========

 TABLE 8
Maturities of the Loan Portfolio by Rate Categories

December 31, 2002 Within One- After
(000's omitted) One Five Five
 Year Years Years Total
 ---- ----- ----- ----- 
Loans:
 Fixed Rate 27,924 78,693 19,070 125,687
 Variable Rate 42,916 37,646 17,972 98,534
 -------- --------- -------- ---------
 70,840 116,339 37,042 224,221
 ======== ========= ======== =========

Credit risk is managed via specific
credit approvals and monitoring procedures. The Corporation s outside loan review
function examines the loan portfolio on a periodic basis for compliance with credit
policies and for identification of problem loans. These procedures provide management with
information for setting appropriate direction and taking corrective action as needed. 

The Corporation closely monitors its
construction and commercial mortgage loan portfolios. Construction loans at December 31,
2002, which comprised 12.1 of total loans, totaled 27,032,000 as compared to 25,434,000
and 17,471,000 at the end of 2001 and 2000 respectively. 

The construction and commercial real
estate loan properties are located principally in the Corporation s local markets.
Included are loans to various industries and professional organizations. The Corporation
believes that these portfolios are well diversified and do not present a significant risk
to the institution. 

43. 

NON-PERFORMING ASSETS Non-performing assets include loans
on which interest accruals have ceased, loans which have been re-negotiated, real estate
acquired through foreclosure, and loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing. Table
9 represents the levels of these assets at December 31, 1998 through 2002. 

Total non-performing assets increased
slightly at December 31, 2002 compared to 2001 due to an increase in non-accrual loans and
an increase in other real estate owned and other non-performing assets. The improvement in
total non-performing assets at December 31, 2001 compared to 2000 is attributable to
reduction in non-accrual and past due loans accruing over 90 days. This is due to the
improvement in loan quality over the past few years. 

The level and composition of
non-performing assets are affected by economic conditions in the Corporation s local
markets. Non-performing assets, charge-offs, and provisions for loan losses tend to
decline in a strong economy and increase in a weak economy, potentially impacting the
Corporation s operating results. In addition to non-performing loans, management
carefully monitors other credits that are current in terms of principal and interest
payments but, in management s opinion, may deteriorate in quality if economic
conditions change. 

TABLE 9
Non-Performing Assets and Past Due Loans (000's omitted)
 December 31,
 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998
 ---------------------------------------------------------------- 
Non-Performing Loans:
 Loans Past Due 90 Days or More Still
 Accruing 72 186 489 240 168
 Non-Accrual Loans 512 321 731 859 1,102
 Renegotiated Loans 0 0 0 6 7
 ----------------------------------------------------------------
 Total Non-Performing Loans 584 507 1,220 1,105 1,277
 ----------------------------------------------------------------
Other Non-Performing Assets:
 Other Real Estate 110 0 0 288 172
 Other Real Estate Owned in Redemption 164 0 0 179 96
 Other Non-Performing Assets 92 10 159 56 39
 ----------------------------------------------------------------
 Total Other Non-Performing Assets 366 10 159 523 307
 ----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Non-Performing Assets 950 517 1,379 1,628 1,584
 ================================================================
Non-Performing Loans as a of
 Total Loans 0.26 0.24 0.63 0.58 0.79 
Non-Performing Assets as a of
 Total Loans and Other Real Estate 0.42 0.25 0.71 0.85 0.98 
Allowance for Loan Losses as a of
 Non-Performing Loans 545.21 616.37 240.33 267.96 217.93 
Accruing Loans Past Due 90 Days or
 More to Total Loans 0.03 0.09 0.25 0.13 0.10 
Non-performing Assets as a of
 Total Assets 0.28 0.17 0.47 0.57 0.58 

Table 10 reflects the allocation of
the allowance for loan losses and is based upon ranges of estimates and is not intended to
imply either limitations on the usage of the allowance or precision of the specific
amounts. The Corporation does not view the allowance for loan losses as being divisible
among the various categories of loans. The entire allowance is available to absorb any
future losses without regard to the category or categories in which the charged-off loans
are classified. Table 10 also reflects the percentage ratio of outstanding loans by
category to total loans at the end of the respective year. 

44. 

TABLE 10
Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses
 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998
December 31, Loan Loan Loan Loan Loan
(000's omitted) Amount Amount Amount Amount Amount 
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Commercial and 2,222 69.84 2,121 67.40 1,645 58.69 1,682 53.19 1,270 51.69 
construction
Real estate mortgage 65 5.33 60 5.21 94 7.89 144 13.17 130 9.76 
Consumer 897 24.83 819 27.39 890 33.42 963 33.64 983 38.49 
Unallocated 0 125 303 172 400
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total 3,184 100.00 3,125 100.00 2,932 100.00 2,961 100.00 2,783 100.00 
 ========================================================================================

The following describes the
Corporation s policy and related disclosures for impaired loans. The Corporation
maintains an allowance for impaired loans. A loan is considered impaired when management
determines it is probable that the principal and interest due under the contractual terms
of the loan will not be collected. In most instances, impairment is measured based on the
fair value of the underlying collateral. Impairment may also be measured based on the
present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective
interest rate. Interest income on impaired non-accrual loans is recognized on a cash
basis. Interest income on all other impaired loans is recorded on an accrual basis. 

Certain of the Corporation s
non-performing loans included in Table 9 are considered impaired. The Corporation measures
impairment on all large balance non-accrual commercial loans. Certain large balance
accruing loans rated substandard or worse are also measured for impairment. Impairment
losses are adequately covered by the provision for loan losses. The policy does not apply
to large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for
impairment. Loans collectively evaluated for impairment include certain smaller balance
commercial loans, consumer loans, residential real estate loans, and credit card loans,
and are not included in the impaired loan data in the following paragraphs. 

At December 31, 2002, loans
considered to be impaired totaled 2,403,000. All amounts included within impaired loans
required specific allowance. The average recorded investment in impaired loans was
 2,642,000 in 2002. The interest income recognized on impaired loans based on cash
collections totaled 72,000 during 2002. 

At December 31, 2001, loans
considered to be impaired totaled 2,880,000. All amounts included in impaired loans
required specific allowance. The average recorded investment in impaired loans was
 2,597,000 in 2001. The interest income recognized on impaired loans based on cash
collections totaled 142,000 during 2001. 

The Corporation maintains policies
and procedures to identify and monitor non-accrual loans. A loan is placed on non-accrual
status when there is doubt regarding collection of principal or interest, or when
principal or interest is past due 90 days or more. Interest accrued but not collected is
reversed against income for the current quarter and charged to the allowance for loan
losses for prior quarters when the loan is placed on non-accrual status. 

DEPOSITS
- --------
TABLE 11
Average Deposits
Years Ended December 31, 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998
 Average Average Average Average Average Average Average Average Average Average
(000's omitted) Balance Rate Balance Rate Balance Rate Balance Rate Balance Rate
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Non-int. bearing demand 43,908 39,014 35,711 29,912 27,202
Interest-bearing demand 42,637 0.95 36,457 1.62 40,199 1.82 41,996 1.70 35,982 2.12 
Savings 85,746 1.37 73,151 2.59 66,890 3.45 66,141 2.94 62,172 2.88 
Time 99,419 4.07 116,044 5.58 108,149 5.75 100,053 5.23 104,529 5.68 
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total 271,710 2.07 264,666 3.38 250,949 3.69 238,102 3.31 229,885 3.69 
 =========================================================================================

45. 

The Corporation s average
deposit balances and rates for the past five years are summarized in Table 11. Total
average deposits were 2.7 higher in 2002 as compared to 2001. Deposit growth was derived
primarily from increases in non-interest bearing demand, and savings deposits.
Interest-bearing demand deposits comprised 15.7 of total deposits while savings deposits
comprised 31.6 of total deposits. 

As of December 31, 2002 certificates
of deposit of 100,000 or more accounted for approximately 11.3 of total deposits
compared to 8.5 at December 31, 2001. The maturities of these deposits are summarized in
Table 12. 

TABLE 12
Maturity of Time Certificates of Deposit of 100,000 or More

 December 31, December 31,
(000's omitted) 2002 2001
- ---------------------------------------------------------- 
Three months or less 9,701 12,309
Over three through six months 3,110 4,004
Over six through twelve months 7,532 1,768
Over twelve months 13,197 4,516
 ---------------------------
 Total 33,540 22,597
 ===========================

FEDERAL INCOME TAXES The Corporation s effective tax
rate was 29.9 for 2002, 29.9 for 2001 and 29.1 for 2000. The principal difference
between the effective tax rates and the statutory tax rate of 34 is the
Corporation s investment in securities and loans, which provide income exempt from
federal income tax. Additional information relating to federal income taxes is included in
Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

LIQUIDITY AND INTEREST
RATE RISK MANAGEMENT Asset/Liability management is
designed to assure liquidity and reduce interest rate risks. The goal in managing interest
rate risk is to maintain a strong and relatively stable net interest margin. It is the
responsibility of the Asset/Liability Management Committee (ALCO) to set policy guidelines
and to establish short-term and long-term strategies with respect to interest rate
exposure and liquidity. The ALCO, which is comprised of key members of senior management,
meets regularly to review financial performance and soundness, including interest rate
risk and liquidity exposure in relation to present and prospective markets, business
conditions, and product lines. Accordingly, the committee adopts funding and balance sheet
management strategies that are intended to maintain earnings, liquidity, and growth rates
consistent with policy and prudent business standards. 

Liquidity maintenance, together with
a solid capital base and strong earnings performance are key objectives of the
Corporation. The Corporation s liquidity is derived from a strong deposit base
comprised of individual and business deposits. Deposit accounts of customers in the mature
market represent a substantial portion of deposits of individuals. The Corporation s
deposit base plus other funding sources (federal funds purchased, other liabilities and
shareholders equity) provided primarily all funding needs in 2002, 2001, and 2000.
While these sources of funds are expected to continue to be available to provide funds in
the future, the mix and availability of funds will depend upon future economic and market
conditions. The Corporation does not foresee any difficulty in meeting its funding
requirements. 

Primary liquidity is provided through
short-term investments or borrowings (including federal funds sold and purchased), while
the security portfolio provides secondary liquidity along with FHLB advances. As of
December 31, 2002 federal funds sold represented 3.0 of total assets, compared to 7.4 at
the end of 2001. The Corporation regularly monitors liquidity to ensure adequate cash
flows to cover unanticipated reductions in the availability of funding sources. 

46. 

Interest rate risk is managed by
controlling and limiting the level of earnings volatility arising from rate movements. The
Corporation regularly performs reviews and analyses of those factors impacting interest
rate risk. Factors include maturity and re-pricing frequency of balance sheet components,
impact of rate changes on interest margin and prepayment speeds, market value impacts of
rate changes, and other issues. Both actual and projected performance, are reviewed,
analyzed, and compared to policy and objectives to assure present and future financial
viability. 

The Corporation had cash flows from
financing activities resulting primarily from the inflow of savings deposits and
short-term borrowings. In 2002, these deposits increased 30,599,000 and these borrowings
decreased 600,000. Cash used by investing activities was 40,004,000 in 2002 compared to
cash provided of 5,321,000 in 2001. The change in investing activities is due to the
purchasing of securities in 2002 compared to sales and calls of securities in 2001. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES Management closely monitors capital
levels to provide for current and future business needs and to comply with regulatory
requirements. Regulations prescribed under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Improvement Act of 1991 have defined well capitalized institutions as those
having total risk-based ratios, tier 1 risk-based capital ratios and tier 1 leverage
ratios of at least 10 , 6 , and 5 respectively. At December 31, 2002, the Corporation was
well in excess of the minimum capital and leverage requirements necessary to be considered
a well capitalized banking company as defined by federal law. 

Total shareholders equity rose
3.9 to 39,928,000 at December 31, 2002, compared with 38,433,000 at December 31, 2001.
The Corporation s equity to asset ratio was 11.7 at December 31, 2002, compared to
12.4 at December 31, 2001. The increase in the amount of capital was obtained through
retained earnings. In 2002, the Corporation paid the same dividend as in 2001 at 1.01 per
share. 

At December 31, 2002, the
Corporation s tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios were 14.1 and 15.2 ,
respectively, compared with 15.0 and 16.2 in 2001. The decrease in the risk-based
capital ratios is largely due to the increase in loan volume and the increase in the
security portfolio. The Corporation s tier 1 leverage ratio was 12.6 at December 31,
2002 compared with 12.5 at December 31, 2001. This increase in the leverage ratio was due
to the increase in capital. 

QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Fentura Financial, Inc. faces market
risk to the extent that both earnings and the fair value of its financial instruments are
affected by changes in interest rates. The Corporation manages this risk with static GAP
analysis and has begun simulation modeling. Throughout 2002, the results of these
measurement techniques were within the Corporation s policy guidelines. The
Corporation does not believe that there has been a material change in the nature of the
Corporation s substantially influenced market risk exposures, including the
categories of market risk to which the Corporation is exposed and the particular markets
that present the primary risk of loss to the Corporation, or in how those exposures were
managed in 2002 compared to 2001. 

The Corporation s market risk
exposure is mainly comprised of its vulnerability to interest rate risk. Prevailing
interest rates and interest rate relationships in the future will be primarily determined
by market factors, which are outside of the Corporation s control. All information
provided in this section consists of forward-looking statements. Reference is made to the
section captioned Forward Looking Statements in this annual report for a
discussion of the limitations on the Corporation s responsibility for such
statements. 

The following table provides
information about the Corporation s financial instruments that are sensitive to
changes in interest rates as of December 31, 2002. The table shows expected cash flows
from market sensitive instruments for each of the next five years and thereafter. The
expected maturity date values for loans and securities (at amortized cost) were calculated
without adjusting the instruments contractual maturity dates for expected
prepayments. Maturity date values for interest bearing core deposits were not based on
estimates of the period over which the deposits would be outstanding, but rather the
opportunity for re-pricing. The Corporation believes that re-pricing dates, as opposed to
expected maturity dates, may be more relevant in analyzing the value of such instruments
and are reported as such in the following table. 

47. 

TABLE 13
 Rate Sensitivity of Financial Instruments
 (000's omitted) 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 Thereafter Total Fair
 Value
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 Rate Sensitive Assets:
 Fixed interest rate loans 27,924 23,447 22,125 19,706 13,415 19,070 125,687 128,510
 Average interest rate 6.39 7.43 6.84 5.35 6.25 4.82 
 Variable interest rate loans 48,425 10,987 7,568 7,708 11,383 17,972 104,043 106,794
 Average interest rate 5.89 5.56 5.60 5.22 5.01 5.09 
 Fixed interest rate securities 15,148 2,784 15,593 4,906 5,064 11,104 54,599 54,928
 Average interest rate 3.35 5.17 4.24 4.53 6.97 5.46 
Variable Interest rate securities 2,000 6,104 8,104 8,104
 Average interest rate 2.42 5.69 
 FHLB Stock 822 822 822
 Average interest rate 6.00 
 Other interest bearing assets 10,300 10,300 10,300
 Average interest rate 1.62 

 Rate Sensitive Liabilities:
 Interest-bearing checking 51,194 51,194 51,194
 Average interest rate 0.95 
 Savings 91,972 91,972 91,972
 Average interest rate 2.37 
 Time 58,246 19,462 11,982 1,431 16,579 128 107,828 109,178
 Average interest rate 2.77 3.23 4.53 4.83 4.67 3.03 
 Short term borrowings 1,500 1,500 1,500
 Average interest rate 1.21 
 FHLB advances 16 17 18 20 21 1,032 1,124 1,305
 Average interest rate 7.34 7.34 7.34 7.34 7.34 7.34 

INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY
MANAGEMENT Interest rate sensitivity management
seeks to maximize net interest income as a result of changing interest rates, within
prudent ranges of risk. The Corporation attempts to accomplish this objective by
structuring the balance sheet so that re-pricing opportunities exist for both assets and
liabilities in roughly equivalent amounts at approximately the same time intervals.
Imbalances in these re-pricing opportunities at any point in time constitute a bank s
interest rate sensitivity. The Corporation currently does not utilize derivatives in
managing interest rate risk. 

An indicator of the interest rate
sensitivity structure of a financial institution s balance sheet is the difference
between its interest rate sensitive assets and interest rate sensitive liabilities, and is
referred to as GAP . 

Table 14 sets forth the distribution
of re-pricing of the Corporation s earning assets and interest bearing liabilities as
of December 31, 2002, the interest rate sensitivity GAP, as defined above, the cumulative
interest rate sensitivity GAP, the interest rate sensitivity GAP ratio (i.e. interest rate
sensitive assets divided by interest rate sensitive liabilities) and the cumulative
sensitivity GAP ratio. The table also sets forth the time periods in which earning assets
and liabilities will mature or may re-price in accordance with their contractual terms. 

48. 

TABLE 14 Gap Analysis
 December 31, 2002
 Within Three One to After
 Three Months- Five Five
(000's Omitted) Months One Year Years Years Total
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 Interest Bearing Bank Deposits 0 0 0 0 0
 Federal Funds Sold 10,300 0 0 0 10,300
 Securities 4,124 13,245 30,347 14,987 62,703
 Loans 111,430 14,513 78,759 19,519 224,221
 Loans Held for Sale 5,509 0 0 0 5,509
 FHLB Stock 822 0 0 0 822
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Total Earning Assets 132,185 27,758 109,106 34,506 303,555
 ============================================================
Interest Bearing Liabilities:
 Interest Bearing Demand Deposits 51,194 0 0 0 51,194
 Savings Deposits 91,972 0 0 0 91,972
 Time Deposits Less than 100,000 11,126 26,777 36,257 128 74,288
 Time Deposits Greater than 100,000 9,701 10,642 13,197 0 33,540
 Short-term Borrowings 1,500 0 0 0 1,500
 FHLB Advances 0 16 776 1,032 1,124
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Total Interest Bearing Liabilities 165,493 37,435 49,530 1,160 253,618
 ============================================================
Interest Rate Sensitivity GAP 33,308) 9,677) 59,576 33,346 49,115
Cumulative Interest Rate
 Sensitivity GAP 33,308) 42,985) 16,591 49,937
Interest Rate Sensitivity GAP -0.80 -0.74 2.20 29.75
Cumulative Interest Rate
 Sensitivity GAP Ratio -0.80 -0.79 -1.07 1.20

As indicated in Table 14, the
short-term (one year and less) cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap is negative.
Accordingly, if market interest rates increase, this negative gap position could have a
short- term negative impact on interest margin. Conversely, if market interest rates
decrease, this negative gap position could have a short-term positive impact on interest
margin. However, gap analysis is limited and may not provide an accurate indication of the
impact of general interest rate movements on the net interest margin since the re-pricing
of various categories of assets and liabilities is subject to the Corporation s
needs, competitive pressures, and the needs of the Corporation s customers. In
addition, various assets and liabilities indicated as re-pricing within the same period
may in fact re-price at different times within such period and at different rate indices.
The limitations of gap described above impacted financial performance in 2002. The
Corporation s gap position was negative and there was a decline in market interest
rates; yet net interest income or margin dollars dropped. This occurred because assets,
both variable and fixed through maturity and refinance, re-priced more dramatically than
liabilities. The liabilities, largely deposits, either lagged market re-pricing due to the
maturity dates on time deposits or were not re-priced by the same amount as assets due to
competitive pressures. Interest bearing checking and savings deposits are generally lower
cost of funds products compared to time deposits. This lower level of interest rates
creates a smaller opportunity for re-pricing. For example certain asset products re-priced
downward 4.25 with the downward movement of national prime rates throughout 2002 while
most of interest bearing checking and savings were at rates lower than 1.00 at the start
of the year and accordingly, had a much lesser level of re-pricing opportunity. The
Corporation has implemented a more sophisticated model in 2002 to assist in monitoring and
measuring interest rate sensitivity to changing interest rate environments. The
Corporation will continue to make strides in managing interest rate sensitivity. 

ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING
DEVELOPMENTS New accounting standards on asset
retirement obligations, restructuring activities and exit costs, operating leases, and
early extinguishment of debt were issued in 2002. Management determined that when the new
accounting standards are adopted in 2003 they will not have a material impact on the
Company s financial condition or results of operations. 

49. 

FORWARD LOOKING
STATEMENTS This discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations, and other sections of the Consolidated
Financial Statements, contain forward looking statements that are based on
management s beliefs, assumptions, current expectations, estimates and projections
about the financial services industry, the economy, and about the Corporation itself.
Words such as anticipates, believes, estimates, 
 expects, forecasts, intends, is likely, 
 plans, projects, variations of such words and similar expressions
are intended to identify such forward looking statements. These statements are not
guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions Future Factors ), which are difficult to predict with regard to timing,
extent, likelihood and degree of occurrence. Therefore, actual results and outcomes may
materially differ from what may be expressed or forecast in such forward-looking
statements. The Corporation undertakes no obligation to update, amend or clarify forward
looking statements as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Future Factors that could cause a
difference between an ultimate actual outcome and a preceding forward looking statement
include, but are not limited to, changes in interest rate and interest rate relationships,
demands for products and services, the degree of competition by traditional and
non-traditional competitors, changes in banking laws or regulations, changes in tax laws,
change in prices, the impact of technological advances, government and regulatory policy
changes, the outcome of pending and future litigation and contingencies, trends in
customer behavior as well as their ability to repay loans, and the local economy. 

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC.
COMMON STOCK Table 15 sets forth the high and low
market information for each quarter of 2000 through 2002. These quotations reflect
inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown, or commission and may not represent
actual transactions. As of March 1, 2003, there were 739 shareholders of record, not
including participants in the Corporation s employee stock option program. 

TABLE 15
Common Stock Data
 Market Dividends
 Information Paid
 Year Quarter High Low Per Share
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 First Quarter 40.83 29.27 0.210
 2000 Second Quarter 37.00 24.99 0.210
 Third Quarter 30.00 24.63 0.210
 Fourth Quarter 26.50 22.00 0.340
 ------------
 0.970

First Quarter 27.38 25.13 0.220
 2001 Second Quarter 29.13 26.25 0.220
 Third Quarter 27.90 25.00 0.220
 Fourth Quarter 27.00 25.00 0.350
 ------------
 1.010

First Quarter 28.75 25.50 0.000
 2002 Second Quarter 34.00 27.00 0.230
 Third Quarter 32.45 29.50 0.230
 Fourth Quarter 34.75 31.25 0.550
 ------------
 1.010
 Note: Dividend per share figures have been adjusted to reflect a 20 stock dividend distributed
 on May 26, 2000. 

50. 

EXHIBIT 14 

FENTURA FINANCIAL, INC. CODE OF ETHICS FOR
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

In my role as a Director and/or
Executive Officer of Fentura Financial, Inc. (the Company ), I certify to the
Company and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, that I will
adhere to and advocate the following principles and responsibilities governing my
professional and ethical conduct to the best of my knowledge and ability: 

1. 
 
 I will act with honesty and integrity, avoiding actual or apparent conflicts of
 interest in all personal and professional relationships. 

2. 
 
 I will provide information that is accurate, complete, objective, relevant,
 timely and understandable. 

3. 
 
 I will comply with the rules and regulations of federal, state, and local
 governments, and other appropriate private and public regulatory agencies. 

4. 
 
 I will act in good faith, responsibly, and with due care. I will not
 misrepresent material facts or allow my independent judgment to be subordinated
 or otherwise compromised. 

5. 
 
 I will respect and maintain the confidentiality of information reviewed or
 acquired in carrying out my duties except when authorized or otherwise legally
 obligated to disclose. 

6. 
 
 I will share knowledge and maintain skills important and relevant to the needs
 of the Company. 

7. 
 
 I will proactively practice and promote ethical behavior as a professional in my
 role with the Company. 

8. 
 
 I will comply with and adhere to all of the Company s policies and
 practices, including those policies governing accounting and financial reporting
 practices and corporate governance. 

9. 
 
 I will promptly disclose to an appropriate person or persons any material
 transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to a
 conflict of interest, and/or violations of this Code. 

___________________________ 
(Signature) 
 ___________________________ 
(Date) 

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of the
Registrant 

Company 
 Ownership 
 State of Incorporation 

The State Bank 
 
Davison State Bank 
 
Community Bank Services, Inc. 
 
Fentura Mortgage Company, Inc. 
 100 
 
100 
 
100 by The State Bank 
 
100 by The State Bank 
 
Michigan 
 
Michigan 
 
Michigan 
 
Michigan 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
ACCOUNTANTS 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Fentura
Financial, Inc. on Form S-3D (File No.333-75194) of our report dated February 6, 2003 on
the 2002 Consolidated Financial Statements of Fentura Financial, Inc., which report is
included in the 2002 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fentura Financial, Inc. 

CROWE, CHIZEK AND COMPANY LLP 

Grand Rapids, Michigan March
21, 2003 

EXHIBIT 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
ACCOUNTANTS 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 

We have issued our report dated
January 26, 2001, accompanying the consolidated financial statements in the Annual Report
of Fentura Financial, Inc. (formerly Fentura Bancorp, Inc.) on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2000. We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of said
reports in the Registration Statements of Fentura Financial, Inc. on Form S-3 (File
No.333-75194). 

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP 

Southfield, Michigan March
21, 2003 

EXHIBIT 99-1 

 I, Donald L. Grill, Chief Executive Officer of Fentura Financial, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 which
 this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) 

 the information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2002 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of Fentura Financial, Inc. 

Dated: March 25, 2003 

/s/ Donald L. Grill 

Donald L. Grill 
Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT 99-2 

 I, Ronald L. Justice, Chief Financial Officer of Fentura Financial, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

 the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 which this
 statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) 

 the information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2002 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of Fentura Financial, Inc. 

Dated: March 25, 2003 

/s/ Ronald L. Justice 

Ronald L. Justice 
Chief Financial Officer 

