<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20040913_10-K_edgar_data_887359_0000950137-04-007675.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>732702</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>285876</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>317560</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950137-04-007675.hdr.sgml : 20040913
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040913164816
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950137-04-007675
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20040630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040913
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20040913

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AASTROM BIOSCIENCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000887359
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				943096597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22025
		FILM NUMBER:		041027921

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24 FRANKL LLOYD WRIGHT DR
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 376
		CITY:			ANN ARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7349305555

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 VuMEtp+V5O3TVZ+Q3+QdFPWTHuSMWHlkFvNYBefrEFl56BE7t21LKVKxkdDf98r+
 cTFnAcGjAf8a4eAlpaHAGw==

 0000950137-04-007675.txt : 20040913

10-K
 1
 a01800e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K PERIOD END JUNE 30, 2004

Aastrom Biosciences, Inc. 

Table of Contents 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended June 30,
 2004 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
 from to 

Commission file number 0-22025 

Aastrom Biosciences, Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Michigan 

94-3096597 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

24 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive 

P.O. Box 376 

Ann Arbor, MI 48106 

(Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: (734) 930-5555 

Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act: 

None 

Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common Stock, no par value 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past
75 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this
Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
an accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes No 

The approximate aggregate market value of the
registrant s Common Stock, no par value Common
Stock ), held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based on
the closing sales price of the Common Stock as reported on the
Nasdaq SmallCap Market) on December 31, 2003 was
approximately 94 million. This computation excludes shares
of Common Stock held by directors, officers and each person who
holds 5 or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock,
since such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the
registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not
necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.

As of August 31, 2004,
83,076,168 shares of Common Stock, no par value, were
outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Document 
 
 Form 10-K Reference 

Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
 Shareholders scheduled for November 10, 2004

Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of
 Part III

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

No. 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

2 

Item 2. 

Properties 

16 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

17 

Item 4. 

Submission of Matters to a
 Vote of Security Holders 

17 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s
 Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters 

18 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 

19 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

20 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk 

24 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data 

32 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

48 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

48 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

48 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors and Executive
 Officers of the Registrant 

49 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

49 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of
 Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

49 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and
 Related Transactions 

49 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees
 and Services 

49 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial
 Statement Schedule 

50 

Signatures 

51 

EXHIBIT 10.77 
 EXHIBIT 21 
 EXHIBIT 23.1 
 EXHIBIT 31 
 EXHIBIT 32 

1

Table of Contents 

Except for the historical information
presented, the matters discussed in this Report, including our
product development and commercialization goals and
expectations, revenue expectations, potential market
opportunities, our plans and anticipated results of clinical
development activities and the potential advantage of our
products and product candidates under development, include
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
Our actual results may differ significantly from the results
discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could
cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not
limited to, those discussed under the caption Business
Risks in Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Unless
the context requires otherwise, references to we, 
 us, our and Aastrom refer to
Aastrom Biosciences, Inc. 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

We are a late-stage development company focused
on the development of processes and products for the ex vivo
 production and sale of human cell products for use in cell
therapy and regenerative medicine. Our pre-clinical and clinical
product development programs utilize adult bone marrow stem and
progenitor cells for forming solid tissues such as bone,
vascular tissue, cartilage, and blood and immune system cells.

Cell therapy is the use of living cells in the
treatment of medical disorders. These cells can either be used
in conjunction with, or as a replacement for, traditional
therapies. Cell therapy began with simple, but very effective,
blood and platelet transfusions, expanding later to include
specialized procedures including hematopoietic stem cell
transplants obtained from the marrow or from the blood stream
after stem cell mobilization. In hematopoietic procedures, stem
cells are transplanted into patients to restore blood and immune
system function that is damaged or destroyed by aggressive
chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy used to treat the cancer.
In immunologic cell therapy, T-cells and dendritic cells are
administered to stimulate an immune response in patients with
various forms of cancers and infectious diseases, such as viral
infections. In recent years, pre-clinical and clinical
observations appear to extend the potential use of bone
marrow-derived stem cells to regenerate multiple tissues
including bone, blood vessels, cartilage, cardiac tissue, and
nerves.

While these forms of cell therapy are emerging as
potential new treatment options for several diseases and medical
disorders, the success of cellular therapy is based, in part, on
the need for care providers to be able to access therapeutic
quantities of biologically active cells necessary for patient
treatment, cost-effectively and in compliance with regulatory
requirements. Our patented AastromReplicell System and
single-pass perfusion technology are intended to enable the
manufacturing of patient specific cell products for clinical use.

In the expanding field of cell therapy, we
develop proprietary Prescription Cell Products (PCP) for the
regenerative repair of damaged human tissues and other medical
disorders, the first of which is now in the clinical stage. Our
lead PCP products are Tissue Repair Cells (TRCs), which are a
unique mixture of bone marrow-derived stem and progenitor cells,
produced ex vivo . In previous multi-center clinical
trials involving over 160 patients, our TRCs have been
demonstrated to be safe and reliable, and to regenerate certain
normal healthy human tissues.

We have also developed our proprietary
AastromReplicell System, which is a patented, integrated system
of instrumentation and single-use consumable kits for the
commercial production of human cells. The AastromReplicell
System was developed to provide a manufacturing platform for our
proprietary cell products, such as our TRCs. The
AastromReplicell System technology has recently been expanded
for the production of dendritic cells and dendritic cell
vaccines, and is the basis of our Cell Production Products (CPP)
business. The clinical use of dendritic cell vaccines is minimal
at this time, and as such the market is only just developing. We
are currently exploring the market for our CPP dendritic cell
vaccine products in the European Union (EU) and in the United
States by targeting academic and other third party therapeutic
cell developers requiring automated cell production with GMP
compliance.

2

Table of Contents 

Our commercial production pathway for our
Prescription Cell Products is enabled through the
AastromReplicell System platform. This proprietary and automated
clinical cell production system combines patented GMP-compliant
automated cell production with patented single-pass
perfusion. Single-pass perfusion is our technology for
growing large quantities of highly robust human cells outside
the body. These cells include adult stem and progenitor cell
mixtures cells required for forming solid tissues
such as bone, vascular tissue, cartilage, and blood and immune
system cells.

Stem cells are human cells that have the
capability to form many or all of an individual s tissues
and organs. Our PCP cell therapy programs currently utilize bone
marrow-derived stem cells, a class of adult stem cells that is
found in every individual s bone marrow. Access to adult
stem cells is obtained through a recognized procedure, without
controversy, and these cells have successfully grown to the
increased number of cells required for certain clinical
applications, using the patented technology embodied in the
AastromReplicell System. Our programs have used bone marrow,
cord blood and blood cells as starting sources of cells. As
such, federal support or other factors relating to embryonic
stem cell research have no direct impact on our current product
programs.

Our primary business model utilizes patented core
technology and processes for the manufacturing and distribution
of TRC cell products for use in multiple medical markets.
Initially, we will pursue TRCs for the following two therapeutic
areas:

Local bone regeneration in fractures, spinal
 fusion and jaw bone reconstruction for dental implants

Vascular (blood vessel) regeneration in limb
 ischemia resulting from diabetes and other diseases

In the future, we may develop, and/or support
third party development of TRC products for other areas such as
cartilage regeneration and cardiac tissue regeneration.

In the EU, our business and marketing activities
are directed through Zellera AG, our wholly-owned subsidiary
located in Berlin, Germany

Prescription Cell Products 

We are leveraging our ex vivo cell
production technology for a growing Prescription Cell Product
pipeline by focusing on our Tissue Repair Cells (TRCs) for stem
cell-derived tissue repair and regeneration.

Tissue Repair Cells 

The clinical trial direction of our development
effort has been influenced by observations that our bone marrow
cell products (TRCs) may be suitable as a treatment for bone and
vascular regeneration, each of which may represent a substantial
market opportunity. In reviewing the pre-clinical and clinical
data for our bone marrow cell products in various
Aastrom-supported trials and research, we have noted that the
cells produced contain a substantial increase in the cell types
that can generate connective tissues including bone and
cartilage. In addition, our bone marrow cell product has been
given to one patient, on a compassionate-use basis approved by
the FDA, with a congenital genetic defect (hypophosphatasia)
resulting in a lethal condition of abnormal bone and cartilage
formation. The results of this compassionate-use treatment, now
published in the Journal of Bone and Mineral Research ,
demonstrated bone formation in the child.

Using the AastromReplicell System, TRCs are grown
from a small sample of a patient s bone marrow. Once
administered back to the patient, the cells are intended to
generate normal healthy tissues. The primary TRC application we
are initially pursuing is bone grafting (large bone fractures,
spine fusions or jaw bone reconstruction). In August 2003, the
FDA approved our Investigational New Drug (IND) application to
begin a multi-center Phase I/II clinical trial for bone
grafting in severe leg fractures. Our bone grafting clinical
trials have recently been initiated in the U.S. and EU for the
treatment of tibial non-union fractures, and we expect to
announce additional clinical sites for this application. The
initiation of the EU clinical studies for jawbone reconstruction
needed for dental implants are pending the finalization of
applicable cell production licensing requirements. Once
sufficient data is obtained to show the safety and bone-forming

3

Table of Contents 

capability of TRCs in the fracture or jaw areas,
we expect to initiate a clinical plan for the use of TRCs in
spine fusion applications.

Under normal circumstances, bone has the ability
to maintain its integrity and repair itself when fractured or
damaged, due to its capacity to regenerate. Bone grafting is the
procedure of locally applying cells or other material to a bone
site to either build or repair needed bone tissue when the
clinical situation is such that the natural bone generation
process is either too slow or unable to occur. Through
scientific advances, it is now widely known that bone grafting
can accelerate the regenerative process.

There are different approaches to bone graft
procedures, and each carries with it certain disadvantages.
Traditionally, autograft material is surgically taken from the
patient s iliac crest (hip bone) and implanted where it is
needed. Sometimes extenders are added to this
material. There are a number of issues with this autograft
procedure, including:

Potential infection at the bone harvest site

Very painful harvest procedure and painful
 after-effects at the collection site

Chronic pain at the harvest site

Limited supply of autograft material

Additional time in surgery to collect the
 autograft material and additional time in the hospital to recover

As a substitute to traditional autograft,
allograft, synthetic, and osteoinductive (e.g. bone morphogenic
proteins) materials have recently been introduced to address
some of these market issues, and are now included in
approximately 50 of bone graft procedures in the U.S. However,
some of these substitute materials have not been able to produce
the same level of clinical efficacy as traditional autograft
(e.g. the tempo of formation and the quality of bone), and their
use has some other limitations. Additionally, the matrix
products (allograft and synthetics) are almost always combined
with some biological material, either as an extender of
autograft material, in combination with blood or plasma
material, or with bone marrow (typically less than 100 ml).

Our TRCs are being developed as an alternative to
the autograft harvest process. First, a physician collects a
small starting sample of a patient s bone marrow with a
needle aspiration in a simple outpatient procedure., Then our
TRCs are produced in the AastromReplicell System in about
12 days. The TRCs, containing an expanded amount of
bone-forming stem and progenitor cells, are mixed with a matrix
(allograft or synthetic), and may provide a viable alternative
to autograft without the painful after-effects. The total served
market for such a product is believed to be more than
1 million procedures annually in the U.S., EU and
Japan.

Additionally, published results from other
clinical studies have suggested that large volumes of a
patient s own bone marrow may be concentrated and injected
into the vascular tissue area of patients with limb ischemia.
Degenerated vascular tissue has a high occurrence in diabetic
patients, and can result in immobility, severe ulcerations, and
amputation. Bone marrow cells may rebuild this vascular tissue
and offer therapeutic benefit; therefore, we are pursuing
research to explore the capability of TRCs for vascular
regeneration.

We also believe that the stem and progenitor cell
components of our TRCs may be useful for other medical
indications, including the regeneration of cardiac tissue and
cartilage.

Cell Production Products 

Our Cell Production Products (CPP) operation
seeks to market and sell the AastromReplicell System and DC-I
(dendritic cells for fusion and transfection), DCV-I (complex
antigen-loaded dendritic cells) and DCV-II (peptide-loaded
dendritic cells) cell production kits to academic researchers
and companies that are developing dendritic cell-based cancer
vaccines. We expect that the recent collaborations with users of
these products may generate very modest amounts of revenues at
irregular intervals, although we are not yet able to project the
market size, potential revenues or revenue growth for these
products. The EU has recently issued

4

Table of Contents 

new directives that affect the manufacturing of
cell products and clinical trials. These changes have delayed
and in many cases temporarily halted dendritic cell vaccine
clinical trials in EU, which has reduced the number of customer
opportunities and adversely affected our progress in our CPP
business.

Aastrom s Proprietary Core
Technologies 

Our technology platform consists of two
components: (i) proprietary processes, single-pass
perfusion , and culture devices to enable certain types of
stem cells and other types of human cells to be produced with
superior biological capabilities as compared with standard cell
culture approaches, and (ii) the AastromReplicell System, a
clinical cell production platform that is designed to
standardize and enable an effective GMP-compliant
commercialization pathway for bringing therapeutic cell
production to medical practice. The AastromReplicell System
consists of an instrumentation platform, to be integrated within
the hospital or other centralized facilities, that can operate a
variety of single-use cell production kits that are specific to
the desired medical application. Through this product
configuration, we intend either to directly provide cells for
therapeutic use, or to enable customers or potential
collaborators with the capability to produce cells for
therapeutic applications through sale of the AastromReplicell
System product line and cell therapy products. This approach is
intended to provide a product pathway for each cell therapy that
is equivalent to a biological product including regulatory
approval, reimbursement, marketing and pricing. We believe that
the product design of the AastromReplicell System will allow us
to develop additional cell therapy products to provide
standardization for a number of emerging cell therapies being
developed by other researchers.

Aastrom s Single-Pass Perfusion for
 Human Cell Growth 

We have developed proprietary processes and
patented technologies for ex vivo production of
therapeutic stem and progenitor cells as well as other key cells
found in human bone marrow. This proprietary process is called
 single-pass perfusion and provides a cell culture
environment that attempts to mimic the biology and physiology of
natural bone marrow outside of the body. This process enables
the production of stem and early- and late-stage progenitor
cells needed for an effective bone marrow stem cell therapy
procedure. When this process is applied to other cell types, the
resulting cell product appears to have enhanced biologic
function as compared to cells produced through standard static
culture processes. In pre-clinical studies performed at Aastrom,
T-cells produced using our proprietary processes appear to have
a significantly higher replicative capability. Further,
dendritic cells produced using this process appear to have an
enhanced ability to present antigen to the immune system. We
believe that these benefits can improve the overall clinical
effectiveness of these procedures.

Growth factors can be added to stimulate specific
cell lineages to grow cells, or to increase cell growth, to meet
a particular therapeutic objective. We believe the stem cell
growth process can best be completed with little or no
additional stem cell selection or purification procedures. This
stem cell replication process can also enable or augment the
genetic modification of cells by providing the cell division
step needed for new genes to integrate into the stem cell DNA.
Other currently available cell culture methods tend to result in
a loss of stem cells, either through death or through
differentiation into mature cells. When compared with cells
grown using standard cell culture techniques, the perfusion
approach enables stem cells to grow, and improves the biological
features of other types of human cells as well. We have
exclusive rights to several issued U.S. patents that cover
these processes and cell compositions.

We have developed a proprietary cell culture
chamber to implement our process technology. The culture chamber
can produce cells on a clinical-scale and allows for recovery of
the cells for therapeutic use. Our pre-clinical and clinical
data indicate that our cell culture chamber may be used for
growing various types of human therapeutic cells, such as stem
cells, T-cells and dendritic cells used for immunotherapies,
chondrocytes for cartilage replacement, and mesenchymal cells
for bone and cartilage replacement. We hold exclusive rights to
issued U.S. patents and additional applications for our
cell culture chamber device technology.

5

Table of Contents 

The AastromReplicell System 

The AastromReplicell System is our proprietary
clinical-scale cell production platform to enable the large
scale ex vivo production of a variety of therapeutic
cells at healthcare facilities, independent laboratories,
transplant centers, blood banks, and centralized cell production
facilities. It has been designed to implement our stem cell
growth process as well as processes for the production of
certain other cell types. The AastromReplicell System is
comprised of several components, including
microprocessor-controlled instruments and single-use cell
production kits such as the TRC-I (for the production of our TRC
cell products), DC-I, DCV-I and DCV-II kits (for the production
of cells used in our CPP operation for sale to third parties).
The single-use cell production kits include an AastromReplicell
System Cell Cassette cartridge containing our proprietary cell
culture chamber, supply and waste reservoirs, and harvest bag
along with process specific software which provides the cell
production processing parameters to the AastromReplicell System
instruments. The microprocessor-controlled instruments include
the AastromReplicell System Incubator which controls the culture
conditions for the production of cells within the Cell Cassette,
and the AastromReplicell System Processor which automates the
procedure sequences such as the inoculation of cells into, and
harvesting of the cells from, the Cell Cassette. The
AastromReplicell System Manager provides user interface software
that monitors the cell production process in multiple
Incubators, records relevant process variables and operator
actions, and automatically generates cell production batch
records.

The AastromReplicell System is designed to be
operated with minimal operator activity by a qualified cell
production or cell processing technician to implement
clinical-scale cell production. The endpoint of the
AastromReplicell System process is a blood-bag containing the
specific cell product. The control and documentation features of
the AastromReplicell System have been designed to meet GMP
requirements for the production of cells for clinical use. The
System can be scaled-up producing simultaneous multiple
independent cell batches and is suitable for installation in a
regional or centralized cell production facility. This is
intended to provide a product pathway for each cell therapy that
is similar to a biological product including regulatory
approval, reimbursement, marketing and pricing. We believe that
the design of the AastromReplicell System may allow us to
develop additional cell production kits to provide a
commercialization pathway for a number of emerging cell
therapies being developed by other researchers.

The typical industry approach to growing human
cells has largely used manual research laboratory methods,
requiring substantial time and technical expertise. The
AastromReplicell System is designed to provide closed-system,
automated cell production capabilities in compliance with
regulatory standards, with high process reliability and reduced
requirements for specialized facilities and staffing.

Product Development 

Prescription Cell Products 

Our initial development efforts were focused on
the development of the SC-I kit for the production of bone
marrow stem cells for use in bone marrow transplantation. A
decreased market opportunity for the SC-I product led to the
discontinuance of further product development in this area. Our
current product development efforts are focused on the
development of bone marrow-derived stem and progenitor
cells Tissue Repair Cells (TRCs) for use
in orthopedic indications (bone grafting, spine fusion and jaw
bone reconstruction) and for use in vascular system
regeneration. These cells and processes are very similar to
those produced with the SC-I process which have been introduced
into human patients in previous trials. (See Clinical
Development. )Clinical trials are underway to demonstrate
bone formation in patients with large bone fractures, and
clinical protocols are in development for spine fusions and jaw
bone reconstruction, and for treating limb ischemia resulting
from peripheral vascular disease. All of these products use
Aastrom s proprietary process and device technologies. We
believe that additional products may be developed for use in a
variety of other emerging cell therapies.

Our research programs are currently developing
new variations of TRCs that are intended to improve either the
functionality for certain clinical indications, improve storage
and shelf life, or to decrease the cost of the manufacturing of
the TRC products. Programs are also exploring the capability of
TRCs to generate different types of human tissues, such as bone,
vascular, cartilage and cardiac tissues.

6

Table of Contents 

Cell Production Products 

The AastromReplicell System has the potential to
supplant current manual cell culture methods to produce
therapeutic quantities of cell types such as T-cells, dendritic
cells, cell-based cancer vaccines, chondrocytes, mesenchymal
stem cells, keratinocytes and neuronal cells. For example,
Aastrom developed the DC-I, DCV-I, and DCV-II kits for dendritic
cell production. Other than a limited application of chondrocyte
therapy, novel cell therapies are still in early stages of
development by third parties, and such other cell therapies may
not be successfully developed. Potential advantages of the
AastromReplicell System in these therapies may include:
(i) reducing labor and capital costs; (ii) enhancing
process reliability; (iii) automating quality assurance and
process record keeping; (iv) reducing the need for
specialized, environmentally controlled facilities;
(v) providing greater accessibility of these procedures to
care providers and patients; and, (vi) providing a more
biologically active cell product.

Modification of such processes and application of
our products to the expansion of other cell types will require
additional development of specialized cell culture capabilities
that may need to be incorporated within our existing product
platform. Such modifications may require us to raise substantial
additional funds, or to seek additional collaborative partners,
or both. We may not be able to successfully modify or develop
existing or future products to enable such additional cell
production processes. See Clinical Development and
 Business Risks. 

Research and development expenses for the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2002, 2003 and 2004 were 5,428,000,
 5,647,000 and 6,289,000, respectively.

Clinical Development 

Currently, our clinical trial direction is
focused on the utilization of our TRCs in the areas of bone
regeneration and vascular regeneration in limb ischemia
resulting from diabetes and other diseases. Both of these
therapeutic areas have substantial market opportunities. Our
current studies were also influenced by the limited scope of
hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.

Current Activities 

In reviewing the pre-clinical and clinical data
for our TRCs a substantial increase in the mesenchymal or
stromal stem and progenitor cell content was observed.
Mesenchymal stromal cells are integral for bone marrow to
generate non-hematopoietic tissues such as bone and cartilage.
Our TRCs have been administered to one patient under a
compassionate use request approved by the FDA, who had a
congenital bone disease called hypophosphatasia, which results
in a typically lethal condition of abnormal bone and cartilage
formation. This compassionate use treatment, now published in
the Journal of Bone and Mineral Research (April 2003,
Vol. 18, page 264), resulted in long-term systemic
bone formation in the child. Subsequently, we demonstrated in
the laboratory, and in mice, that our TRC product is capable of
forming bone lineage tissue.

Based on these and other pre-clinical and
clinical observations, we are currently enrolling patients in
U.S. and EU clinical trials for bone regeneration in
patients with severe limb fractures. The U.S. trial is
being conducted under an FDA approved Investigational New Drug
(IND) application, including up to three participating centers
and as many as 20 patients. The EU trials are now underway
at centers in Spain and Germany, under Ethical Committee
approvals. We are developing a protocol and an IND submission
for a clinical trial to evaluate TRCs in spine fusions. We
expect to have clinical result data from the first five
treatments in Spain during the quarter ended December 31,
2004. We are also planning to evaluate TRCs to augment jaw bone
reconstruction as a method to improve the well-being of patients
needing dental implants, and intend to initiate these studies
and provide proof of concept during fiscal year 2005 in the EU.

In addition to bone and hematopoietic tissues,
TRCs have been demonstrated in the laboratory to contain the
stem and progenitor cells capable of forming vascular tissue or
blood vessel growth. Based on clinical observations of the
efficacy obtained using large volumes of unexpanded bone marrow
cells, we are developing clinical protocols that will evaluate
our TRCs for the treatment of limb ischemia, such as occurs in
diabetes and other peripheral vascular diseases.

7

Table of Contents 

The preliminary results of our pre-pivotal trials
may not be indicative of results that will be obtained from
subsequent patients in the trials or from more extensive trials.
Further, our pre-pivotal or pivotal trials may not be
successful, and we may not be able to obtain the required
biologic license application (BLA) registration or required
foreign regulatory approvals for the AastromReplicell System in
a timely fashion, or at all. See Business Risks. 

Previous Activities 

The AastromReplicell System, and certain cell
products produced using our system, have been evaluated in
multi-site clinical trials in the U.S. under an Investigational
Device Exemption (IDE) from the FDA.

Results from these studies demonstrated the
ability of the AastromReplicell System to safely and reliably
produce stem and progenitor cells (called SC-I
cells that engraft and restore blood system function in
breast cancer patients who had undergone very aggressive
chemotherapy. Further, the small volume aspirate, along with a
purging of contaminated tumor cells during the stem cell
production, indicated a way to offer patients a transplant with
a lower risk of receiving back tumor cells.

Based on positive results from the feasibility
stage trials, we had initiated a randomized Phase III
U.S. clinical trial evaluating the SC-I cells produced with
the AastromReplicell System to compliment traditional therapies
by augmenting stem cells collected from a single Peripheral
Blood Stem Cell (PBSC) apheresis procedure. The objectives of
this study were to demonstrate that an optimal hematopoietic
recovery could be achieved using the SC-I cells with a
sub-optimal PBSC dose that otherwise would not provide this
desired outcome.

However, during the course of the Phase III
clinical trial of the SC-I cells, medical developments occurred
that have influenced our strategy. These developments included:

The demonstration that high-dose cytotoxic
 therapy requiring stem cell support did not result in increased
 survival benefit for patients with carcinoma of the breast
 compared with standard, less toxic chemotherapy, thus
 eliminating this medical approach

The demonstration that bone marrow stem cells
 collected from the PBSC after mobilization by cytokine(s) and/or
 chemotherapy resulted in more rapid hematopoietic engraftment
 compared to stem cells collected directly from the bone marrow

The demonstration that only a fraction of
 patients would be unable to be successfully mobilized for the
 collection of PBSC using a combination of chemotherapy with
 augmented dose hematopoietic cytokines

The demonstration that dose-dense chemotherapy
 followed by cytokine supported hematopoietic recovery may be an
 alternative to PBSC transplantation for patients with carcinoma
 of the breast

A change in the policy of the FDA that the
 AastromReplicell System cell products will now require a
 Biologics License Application (BLA) for product registration,
 which was not originally expected or planned

The results of these medical market developments
substantially reduced the ability to accrue patients in the
Phase III trial we had started. Further, these observations
indicated to us that the market value of the product studied by
the current clinical hematopoietic studies was becoming markedly
constrained and much reduced from estimates performed before
trial initiation. Given the limited market opportunity, the
newly added regulatory requirements, and our available
resources, we are no longer pursuing that Phase III trial.
With the greatly reduced market size for the SC-I cells, we
successfully obtained Orphan Product Designation.

We have also conducted clinical feasibility
trials to evaluate umbilical cord blood (CB) cells produced in
the AastromReplicell System to improve recoveries of pediatric
and adult patients requiring donor-derived (or allogeneic) stem
cell transplants. Results of the pediatric transplants indicated
that AastromReplicell System-produced cells were safe and well
tolerated by the patients. Results from our adult cord blood
trial may suggest that the AastromReplicell System could
increase the quantity of cord blood cells available but do not

8

Table of Contents 

significantly affect the rate of hematopoietic
recovery. We had extended these trials into a comparative adult
trial with concurrent controls. Recently, the clinical
enthusiasm for the use of CB for the treatment of adults has
diminished with the identification of increased morbidity and
mortality when compared to pediatric patients receiving CB
transplantation. The increased morbidity was due to delayed
hematopoietic and immunological recovery. The waning enthusiasm
for CB transplants for adults has caused Aastrom to halt its CB
comparative trial due to the very diminished market opportunity.
Our research has identified alternative approaches with our
technology using stromal cells for ex-vivo production of
CB cells. We may later pursue a clinical evaluation of one or
more of these approaches.

Strategic Relationships 

In June 2003, we announced a strategic alliance
with the Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation (MTF) to jointly
develop and commercialize innovative treatments for the
regeneration of tissues such as bone and cartilage. The
collaboration aligns us with the leading provider of allograft,
or donor-derived tissue, materials (matrices) with a focus on
forming a coordinated business and clinical approach for new
products and treatments needed in orthopedic medicine. Under the
terms of the alliance, Aastrom and MTF will coordinate and fund
the development of products that are based on combinations of
MTF s allograft matrices and our Tissue Repair Cells
(TRCs). The companies will both contribute in certain
development and clinical trial expenses of these treatment
approaches and products, and intend to adopt a coordinated
promotion and marketing strategy for future products.

Manufacturing 

We have established relationships with third
party manufacturers that are FDA registered as suppliers of
medical products to manufacture various components of the
AastromReplicell System.

In March 2003, we signed a three-year master
supply agreement with Astro Instrumentation, L.L.C., to
manufacture our products, component parts, subassemblies and
associated spare parts, used in the instrumentation platform of
our AastromReplicell System. We retain all proprietary rights to
our intellectual property that is utilized by Astro pursuant to
this agreement.

In March 1996, we entered into a License and
Supply Agreement with Immunex Corporation, now a wholly owned
subsidiary of Amgen Corporation, for an initial five-year term
to purchase and resell certain cytokines and ancillary materials
for use in conjunction with the AastromReplicell System.
Subsequently, this license agreement was extended through March
2003. We are currently negotiating a new agreement with Amgen.
In the event that Amgen elects to cease to supply to us
cytokines and ancillary materials or is prevented from supplying
such materials to us, there is no assurance that we could
successfully manufacture the compounds ourselves or identify
others that could manufacture these compounds to acceptable
quality standards and costs, if at all. However, we are
currently conducting pre-clinical research to evaluate the
elimination of these components.

In February 2004, we entered into a five-year
agreement continuing Moll Industries as our supplier of Cell
Cassettes. Under this agreement, Moll will perform commercial
manufacturing and assembly of our Cell Cassette, the main
single-use component of the AastromReplicell System. We retain
all proprietary rights to our intellectual property that is
utilized by Moll pursuant to this agreement.

There can be no assurance that we will be able to
continue our present arrangements with our suppliers, supplement
existing relationships or establish new relationships or that we
will be able to identify and obtain the ancillary materials that
are necessary to develop our product candidates in the future.
Our dependence upon third parties for the supply and manufacture
of such items could adversely affect our ability to develop and
deliver commercially feasible products on a timely and
competitive basis. See Business Risks. 

Patents and Proprietary Rights 

Our success depends in part on our ability, and
the ability of our licensors, to obtain patent protection for
our products and processes. We have exclusive rights to over 25
issued U.S. patents, and non-exclusive rights

9

Table of Contents 

to one other issued U.S. patent. These
patents present claims to: i) certain methods for ex
vivo stem cell division as well as ex vivo human
hematopoietic stem cell stable genetic transformation and
expanding and harvesting a human hematopoietic stem cell pool;
(ii) certain apparatus for cell culturing, including a
bioreactor suitable for culturing human stem cells or human
hematopoietic cells; (iii) certain methods of infecting or
transfecting target cells with vectors; and (iv) a cell
composition containing human stem cells or progenitor cells, or
genetically modified stem cells, when such cells are produced in
an ex vivo medium exchange culture. Certain patent
equivalents to the U.S. patents have also been issued in
other jurisdictions including Australia and Canada and under the
European Patent Convention. These patents are due to expire
beginning in 2008. In addition, we and our exclusive licensors
have filed applications for patents in the United States and
equivalent applications in certain other countries claiming
other aspects of our products and processes, including a number
of U.S. patent applications and corresponding applications
in other countries related to various components of the
AastromReplicell System.

The validity and breadth of claims in medical
technology patents involve complex legal and factual questions
and, therefore, may be highly uncertain. No assurance can be
given that any patents based on pending patent applications or
any future patent applications by us, or our licensors, will be
issued, that the scope of any patent protection will exclude
competitors or provide competitive advantages to us, that any of
the patents that have been or may be issued to us or our
licensors will be held valid if subsequently challenged or that
others will not claim rights in or ownership of the patents and
other proprietary rights held or licensed by us. Furthermore,
there can be no assurance that others have not developed or will
not develop similar products, duplicate any of our products or
design around any patents that have been or may be issued to us
or our licensors. Since patent applications in the United States
are maintained in secrecy until shortly before patents issue, we
also cannot be certain that others did not first file
applications for inventions covered by our, and our
licensors pending patent applications, nor can we be
certain that we will not infringe any patents that may be issued
to others on such applications.

We rely on certain licenses granted by the
University of Michigan and others for certain patent rights. If
we breach such agreements or otherwise fail to comply with such
agreements, or if such agreements expire or are otherwise
terminated, we may lose our rights in such patents, which would
have a material adverse affect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. See Research and
License Agreements. 

We also rely on trade secrets and unpatentable
know-how that we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality
agreements. It is our policy to require our employees,
consultants, contractors, manufacturers, outside scientific
collaborators and sponsored researchers, board of directors,
technical review board and other advisors to execute
confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment
or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide
that all confidential information developed or made known to the
individual during the course of the individual s
relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not
disclosed to third parties except in specific limited
circumstances. We also require signed confidentiality or
material transfer agreements from any company that is to receive
our confidential information. In the case of employees,
consultants and contractors, the agreements generally provide
that all inventions conceived by the individual while rendering
services to us shall be assigned to us as the exclusive property
of Aastrom. There can be no assurance, however, that these
agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate
remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets or
unpatentable know-how will not otherwise become known or be
independently developed by competitors.

Our success will also depend in part on our
ability to develop commercially viable products without
infringing the proprietary rights of others. We have not
conducted freedom of use patent searches and no assurance can be
given that patents do not exist or could not be filed which
would have an adverse affect on our ability to market our
products or maintain our competitive position with respect to
our products. If our technology components, devices, designs,
products, processes or other subject matter are claimed under
other existing United States or foreign patents or are otherwise
protected by third party proprietary rights, we may be subject
to infringement actions. In such event, we may challenge the
validity of such patents or other proprietary rights or we may
be required to obtain licenses from such companies in order to
develop, manufacture or market our products. There can be no
assurances that we would be able to obtain such licenses or that
such licenses, if available, could be obtained on commercially
reasonable terms. Furthermore, the

10

Table of Contents 

failure to either develop a commercially viable
alternative or obtain such licenses could result in delays in
marketing our proposed products or the inability to proceed with
the development, manufacture or sale of products requiring such
licenses, which could have a material adverse affect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. If we
are required to defend ourselves against charges of patent
infringement or to protect our proprietary rights against third
parties, substantial costs will be incurred regardless of
whether we are successful. Such proceedings are typically
protracted with no certainty of success. An adverse outcome
could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties and
force us to curtail or cease our development and sale of our
products and processes.

Certain of our, and our licensors , research
has been or is being funded in part by the Department of
Commerce and by a Small Business Innovation Research Grant
obtained from the Department of Health and Human Services. As a
result of such funding, the U.S. Government has certain
rights in the technology developed with the funding. These
rights include a non-exclusive, paid-up, worldwide license under
such inventions for any governmental purpose. In addition, the
government has the right to require us to grant an exclusive
license under any of such inventions to a third party if the
government determines that: (i) adequate steps have not
been taken to commercialize such inventions, (ii) such
action is necessary to meet public health or safety needs, or
(iii) such action is necessary to meet requirements for
public use under federal regulations. Additionally, under the
federal Bayh Dole Act, a party which acquires an exclusive
license for an invention that was partially funded by a federal
research grant is subject to the following government rights:
(i) products using the invention which are sold in the
United States are to be manufactured substantially in the United
States, unless a waiver is obtained; (ii) the government
may force the granting of a license to a third party who will
make and sell the needed product if the licensee does not pursue
reasonable commercialization of a needed product using the
invention; and (iii) the U.S. Government may use the
invention for its own needs.

Research and License
 Agreements 

In March 1992, we entered into a License
Agreement with the University of Michigan, as contemplated by a
Research Agreement executed in August 1989 relating to the ex
vivo production of human cells. Pursuant to this License
Agreement, as amended: (i) we acquired exclusive worldwide
license rights to the patents and know-how for the production of
blood cells and bone marrow cells as described in the University
of Michigan s research project or which resulted from
certain further research conducted through December 1994; and
(ii) we are obligated to pay to the University of Michigan
a royalty equal to 2 of the net sales of products which are
covered by the University of Michigan s patents. Unless it
is terminated earlier at our option, or due to a material breach
by us, the License Agreement will continue in affect until the
latest expiration date of the patents to which the License
Agreement applies.

In December 2002, we entered into an agreement
with Corning Incorporated that granted them an exclusive
sublicense relating to our cell transfection technology for
increased efficiency in loading genetic material into cells. We
own the intellectual property rights to methods, compositions
and devices that increase the frequency and efficiency of
depositing particles into cells to modify their genetic code.
Under terms of the agreement, Corning s Life Sciences
business will utilize our unique technology to enhance the
development of their molecular and cell culture applications in
areas that are not competitive to our core business interest. We
retain exclusive rights to the applications of the technologies
involving cells for therapeutic applications, and received an
upfront payment in addition to future royalties from Corning.

Government Regulation 

Our research and development activities and the
manufacturing and marketing of our products are subject to the
laws and regulations of governmental authorities in the United
States and other countries in which our products will be
marketed. Specifically, in the United States, the FDA, among
other activities, regulates new product approvals to establish
safety and efficacy of these products. Governments in other
countries have similar requirements for testing and marketing.
In the United States, in addition to meeting FDA regulations, we
are also subject to other federal laws, such as the Occupational
Safety and Health Act and the Environmental Protection Act, as
well as certain state laws.

11

Table of Contents 

Regulatory Process in the United
 States 

Our products are subject to regulation as
biological products under the Public Health Service Act.
Different regulatory requirements may apply to our products
depending on how they are categorized by the FDA under these
laws. The FDA has indicated that it intends to regulate the
cells produced in the AastromReplicell System as a licensed
biologic through the Center for Biologics Evaluation and
Research. However, there can be no assurance that the FDA will
ultimately regulate the AastromReplicell System in this manner.

As current regulations exist, the FDA will
require regulatory approval for certain human cellular or tissue
based products, including cells produced in the AastromReplicell
System, through a biologic license application (BLA).

The FDA has published regulations which require
registration of certain facilities, which may include our
customers, and is in the process of publishing regulations for
the manufacture or manipulation of human cellular or tissue
based products which may impact our customers. We believe that
the fixed validated process in a sterile disposable provided by
our products will assist our customers in meeting these
requirements, but the regulations may change prior to final
release.

Approval of new biological products is a lengthy
procedure leading from development of a new product through
pre-clinical and clinical testing. This process takes a number
of years and the expenditure of significant resources. There can
be no assurance that Aastrom s product candidates will
ultimately receive regulatory approval.

Regardless of how our product candidates are
regulated, the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and other
Federal statutes and regulations govern or influence the
research, testing, manufacture, safety, labeling, storage,
record-keeping, approval, distribution, use, reporting,
advertising and promotion of such products. Noncompliance with
applicable requirements can result in civil penalties, recall,
injunction or seizure of products, refusal of the government to
approve or clear product approval applications or to allow us to
enter into government supply contracts, withdrawal of previously
approved applications and criminal prosecution.

Product Approval 

In order to obtain FDA approval of a new medical
product, sponsors must generally submit proof of safety and
efficacy. In some cases, such proof entails extensive
pre-clinical and clinical laboratory tests. The testing,
preparation of necessary applications and processing of those
applications by the FDA is expensive and may take several years
to complete. There can be no assurance that the FDA will act
favorably or in a timely manner in reviewing submitted
applications, and we may encounter significant difficulties or
costs in our efforts to obtain FDA approvals, in turn, which
could delay or preclude us from marketing any products we may
develop. The FDA may also require post-marketing testing and
surveillance of approved products, or place other conditions on
the approvals. These requirements could cause it to be more
difficult or expensive to sell the products, and could therefore
restrict the commercial applications of such products. Product
approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with applicable
regulations are not maintained or if problems occur following
initial marketing. For patented technologies, delays imposed by
the governmental approval process may materially reduce the
period during which we will have the exclusive right to exploit
such technologies.

If human clinical trials of a proposed medical
product are required, the manufacturer or distributor of the
product will have to file an Investigational Device Exemption
(IDE) or Investigational New Drug (IND) submission with the FDA
prior to commencing human clinical trials. The submission must
be supported by data, typically including the results of
pre-clinical and laboratory testing. Following submission of the
IDE or IND, the FDA has 30 days to review the application
and raise safety and other clinical trial issues. If we are not
notified of objections within that period, clinical trials may
be initiated, and human clinical trials may commence at a
specified number of investigational sites with the number of
patients approved by the FDA. We have submitted several IDEs and
INDs for the AastromReplicell System, and have conducted
clinical studies under these IDEs and INDs.

12

Table of Contents 

We believe that the cells produced in the
AastromReplicell System will be regulated by the FDA as a
licensed biologic, although there can be no assurance that the
FDA will not choose to regulate this product in a different
manner. The FDA categorizes human cell or tissue based products
as either minimally manipulated or more than minimally
manipulated, and has proposed that more than minimally
manipulated products be regulated through a tiered
approach intended to regulate human cellular and tissue based
products only to the extent necessary to protect public
health. For products which may be regulated as biologics,
the FDA requires: (i) pre-clinical laboratory and animal
testing; (ii) submission to the FDA of an IND or IDE
application which must be effective prior to the initiation of
human clinical studies; (iii) adequate and well-controlled
clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the
product for its intended use; (iv) submission to the FDA of
a biologic license application (BLA); and (v) review and
approval of the BLA as well as inspections of the manufacturing
facility by the FDA prior to commercial marketing of the product.

Pre-clinical testing covers laboratory evaluation
of product chemistry and formulation as well as animal studies
to assess the safety and efficacy of the product. The results of
these tests are submitted to the FDA as part of the IND.
Following the submission of an IND, the FDA has 30 days to
review the application and raise safety and other clinical trial
issues. If we are not notified of objections within that 30-day
period, clinical trials may be initiated. Clinical trials are
typically conducted in three sequential phases. Phase I
represents the initial administration of the drug or biologic to
a small group of humans, either healthy volunteers or patients,
to test for safety and other relevant factors. Phase II
involves studies in a small number of patients to assess the
efficacy of the product, to ascertain dose tolerance and the
optimal dose range and to gather additional data relating to
safety and potential adverse affects. Once an investigational
drug is found to have some efficacy and an acceptable safety
profile in the targeted patient population, multi-center
Phase III studies are initiated to establish safety and
efficacy in an expanded patient population and multiple clinical
study sites. The FDA reviews both the clinical plans and the
results of the trials and may request us to discontinue the
trials at any time if there are significant safety issues.

The results of the pre-clinical tests and
clinical trials are submitted to the FDA in the form of a BLA
for marketing approval. The testing and approval process is
likely to require substantial time and effort and there can be
no assurance that any approval will be granted on a timely
basis, if at all. Additional animal studies or clinical trials
may be requested during the FDA review period that may delay
marketing approval. After FDA approval for the initial
indications, further clinical trials may be necessary to gain
approval for the use of the product for additional indications.
The FDA requires that adverse affects be reported to the FDA and
may also require post-marketing testing to monitor for adverse
affects, which can involve significant expense.

Under current requirements, facilities
manufacturing biological products must be licensed. To
accomplish this, a BLA must be filed with the FDA. In addition
to the pre-clinical and clinical tests, the BLA includes a
description of the facilities, equipment and personnel involved
in the manufacturing process. An establishment license is
granted on the basis of inspections of the applicant s
facilities in which the primary focus is on compliance with GMPs
and the ability to consistently manufacture the product in the
facility in accordance with the BLA. If the FDA finds the
inspection unsatisfactory, it may decline to approve the BLA,
resulting in a delay in production of products.

As part of the approval process for human
biological products, each manufacturing facility must be
registered and inspected by the FDA prior to marketing approval.
In addition, state agency inspections and approvals may also be
required for a biological product to be shipped out of state.

Regulatory Process in Europe 

The AastromReplicell System instruments and
disposables are currently being regulated in Europe as a
Class I Sterile, Class IIb or Class III medical
device, under the authority of the Medical Device Directive
(MDD) implemented by EU member countries. These classifications
apply to medical laboratory equipment and supplies including,
among other products, many devices that are used for the
collection and processing of blood for patient therapy. Certain
ancillary products (e.g., biological reagents) used as part of
the AastromReplicell System are treated as Class III
medical devices.

13

Table of Contents 

The MDD vests the authority to permit affixing of
the CE Mark with various Notified Bodies. These are private and
state organizations which operate under license from the
Competent Authority of the member states within the EU to
certify that appropriate quality assurance standards and
compliance procedures are followed by developers and
manufacturers of medical device products or, alternatively, that
a manufactured medical product meets a more limited set of
requirements. Notified Bodies are also given the responsibility
for determination of the appropriate standards to apply to a
medical product. Receipt of permission to affix the CE Mark
enables a company to sell a medical device in all EU member
countries. Other registration requirements may also need to be
satisfied in certain countries.

We have received permission from our Notified
Body (The British Standards Institute) to affix the CE Mark
to the AastromReplicell System instrumentation and components
for the SC-I kit, CB-I kit, DC-I kit, DCV-I kit and DCV-II kit.
This has allowed us to market these products in the EU. There
can be no assurance that the AastromReplicell System will
continue to be regulated under its current status, any change in
which would affect our ability to sell the product and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

New directives (laws) have recently become
effective in the EU that may affect the manufacturing of cell
products and clinical trials. These changes have delayed or in
some cases temporarily halted dendritic cell clinical trials in
the EU, which has reduced the number of customer opportunities
and affected our progress in our Cell Production Products
business. The recent changes to the European Union Medicinal
Products Prime Directive shifted patient-derived cells to the
medicinal products category. These new laws may delay some of
our current planned clinical trials in the EU.

Competitive Environment 

The biotechnology and medical device industries
are characterized by rapidly evolving technology and intense
competition. Aastrom s competitors include major
multinational medical device companies, pharmaceutical
companies, specialty biotechnology companies and chemical and
medical products companies operating in the fields of tissue
engineering, tissue regeneration, orthopedics and in a small
number of instances, cell-based therapies. Many of these
companies are well-established and possess technical, research
and development, financial, and sales and marketing resources
significantly greater than Aastrom. In addition, many smaller
biotech and specialty medical products companies have formed
strategic collaborations, partnerships and other types of joint
ventures with larger, well established industry competitors that
afford these companies potential research and development and
commercialization advantages in product areas currently being
pursued by Aastrom. Academic institutions, governmental agencies
and other public and private research organizations are also
conducting and financing research activities which may produce
products directly competitive to those being commercialized by
Aastrom. Moreover, many of these competitors may be able to
obtain patent protection, obtain FDA and other regulatory
approvals and begin commercial sales of their products before
Aastrom.

Aastrom s potential commercial products
address a broad range of existing and emerging markets, in which
cell-based therapy is a new and as of yet, unproven, commercial
strategy. In a large part, Aastrom faces primary competition
from existing devices and products. Some of Aastrom s
competitors in orthopedic device and tissue engineered
orthopedic applications have longer operating histories and
substantially greater resources. These include Stryker Corp.,
Medtronic, Wright Medical, Smith & Nephew, Biomet,
Osteotech, J&J/ DePuy, Zimmer and Synthes/ Mathys Medical.
Other well-established competitors, such as CONMED, Arthrex and
Implex Corporation compete in orthopedics with a variety of
other tissue substitution products. A number of other companies
have developed tissue-derived products for these markets,
including Regeneration Technologies, Allosource, Lifecell
Corporation, NovaBone, IsoTis Orthobiologics, Co.don and
OrthoVita.

In the general area of cell-based therapies,
including orthopedics and other tissue regeneration
applications, Aastrom competes with a variety of companies, most
of whom are specialty medical products or biotechnology
companies. Some of these, such as Genzyme Corporation and Fidia
SA are well-established and have substantial technical and
financial resources compared to Aastrom. However, as cell-based
products are only just emerging as viable medical therapies,
many of Aastrom s direct competitors are smaller

14

Table of Contents 

biotechnology and specialty medical products
companies. These include Orthologic/ Chrysalis Biotechnologies,
Biosyntech, Inc., Osiris Therapeutics, Isto Technologies,
Interface Biologics, MacroPore Biosurgery and Raymedica.

Domestic product sales and rentals for the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2002, 2003 and 2004 were 0, 0 and
 10,000, respectively. Foreign product sales and rentals for the
fiscal years ended June 30, 2002, 2003 and 2004 were
 80,000, 314,000 and 39,000, respectively.

General 

We cannot project when we will generate positive
cash flows from our consolidated operations. In the next several
years, we expect that our revenue sources will consist of modest
sales at irregular intervals from our CPP business to academic
and commercial research centers, grant revenue, research funding
and licensing fees from potential future corporate
collaborators, and potentially the sale of TRCs in certain
non-U.S. countries. To date, we have financed our
operations primarily through public and private sales of our
equity securities. As a development-stage company, we have never
been profitable and do not anticipate having net income unless
and until significant product sales commence. Achieving this
objective will require significant additional funding. Our
ability to achieve profitability on a sustained basis, if at
all, or to obtain the required funding to achieve our operating
objectives, or complete additional corporate partnering
transactions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.
Please see the section entitled Business Risks .

Employees 

As of August 31, 2004, we employed
approximately 50 individuals on a full time equivalent basis. A
significant number of our management and professional employees
have had prior experience with pharmaceutical, biotechnology or
medical product companies. None of our employees are covered by
collective bargaining agreements, and management considers
relations with our employees to be good.

Executive Officers of Aastrom 

Our executive officers, and their respective ages
as of August 31, 2004, are as follows:

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

R. Douglas Armstrong, Ph.D.

51 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 of Directors

James A. Cour

48 

President and Chief Operating Officer

Brian S. Hampson

47 

Vice President Product Development

Alan M. Wright

59 

Senior Vice President Administrative and
 Financial Operations and Chief Financial Officer

R. Douglas
Armstrong, Ph.D. joined Aastrom
in June 1991 as its President and Chief Executive Officer, and
as a Director. In 1999, Dr. Armstrong was elected Chairman
of Aastrom s Board of Directors. In July 2004, the duties
and responsibilities of President were transferred to the
Company s new Chief Operating Officer, allowing
Dr. Armstrong, as CEO, to increase focus on strategic
activities and issues, investor relations, the Board of
Directors, and Aastrom s European subsidiary, Zellera AG,
for which he is also Chairman of the Supervisory Board. From
1987 to 1991, Dr. Armstrong served as Executive Vice
President and Trustee at the La Jolla Cancer Research
Foundation (LJCRF), now named the Burnham Institute, a
scientific research institute located in San Diego, CA.
Prior to joining the Burnham Institute, Dr. Armstrong held
various faculty and staff positions at the Yale University
School of Medicine, University of California,
San Francisco, LJCRF and the University of Michigan.
Dr. Armstrong received a Bachelor s of Arts degree in
Chemistry from the University of Richmond in Richmond, VA, and
completed his Doctorate in Pharmacology and Toxicology from the
Medical College of Virginia. Additionally, Dr. Armstrong
was a participant in the formation of Telios Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., has served on the boards of both biotechnology and venture
capital organizations, and currently serves as the Chairman of
the Board for the Center for Cell Therapy.

15

Table of Contents 

James A. Cour joined
Aastrom in July 2004 as its President and Chief Operating
Officer. Prior to joining Aastrom Mr. Cour held executive
level management positions with several companies, including
Baxter International, Windsor VanGelder Limited and Cytomedix.
Mr. Cour brings to Aastrom over twenty years of business
success and accomplishments, ranging from strong expertise in
operations and business development to strategic planning and
international business. His broad range of experiences includes
the management of major multinational healthcare operations, as
well as a biotech/medical device company. Mr. Cour is
skilled in the areas of medical products, biologic
pharmaceuticals, business development, strategic alliances,
analysis of new technologies and licensing. Mr. Cour
received a Bachelor of Business Administration, with honors,
from the University of Notre Dame, and an MBA from the
University of Chicago, with concentrations in Marketing and
International Business, with a specialization in Finance. He was
also licensed as a Certified Public Accountant.

Brian S. Hampson 
joined the Company in July 1993 as Director, Product Engineering
and became Vice President Product Development in June 2000. He
has been a principal leader in the development and engineering
of the AastromReplicell Cell Production System. Previously,
Mr. Hampson served as Manager, In Vitro Systems at Charles
River Laboratories and held other positions after joining that
company in January 1986. While at Charles River, he managed a
number of programs to develop and commercialize novel bioreactor
systems to support large-scale cell culture and biomolecule
production. Prior to that, Mr. Hampson held several
engineering positions at Corning Incorporated from September
1979 to January 1986, including assignments with KC Biological,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Corning at the time.
Mr. Hampson received his Bachelor of Science and Master of
Engineering degrees in Electrical Engineering from Cornell
University.

Alan M. Wright 
joined Aastrom in September 2000 as a member of the Board of
Directors until August 2002 when he joined the Company s
management team as Senior Vice President Administrative and
Financial Operations and Chief Financial Officer. From 1991 to
2002, Mr. Wright held several executive positions at CMS
Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy, most
recently as its Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Administrative Officer, where he was
responsible for raising 17 billion in capital during his
tenure. Prior to joining CMS Energy, Mr. Wright held
various financial management positions at Entergy Corporation,
including Vice President of Finance. He served on the Finance
Committee and the Finance and Regulation Executive Advisory
Committee of the Edison Electric Institute (EEI), the Conference
Board Council of CFOs, the Committee on Corporate Reporting of
the Financial Executives Institute, and on Jenkins Special
Committee to the Financial Accounting Standards Board.
Mr. Wright earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics
from Cornell University under a General Motors national
scholarship. He has also completed Stanford University s
Executive Program, the EEI Executive Leadership Program and
post-graduate studies in Accounting at the University of West
Florida. In addition, Mr. Wright serves on the Board of
Directors of Ensure Technologies, a privately held company.

Available Information 

Additional information about Aastrom is contained
at our website, www.aastrom.com . Information on our
website is not incorporated by reference into this report.

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

We lease approximately 23,700 square feet of
office and research and development space in Ann Arbor, Michigan
under a lease agreement expiring in December 2004. We are
currently negotiating an extension to our current lease and
expect to complete this negotiation prior to its expiration. We
believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs.
Additional facilities may be required to support expansion for
research and development abilities or to assume manufacturing
operations that are currently fulfilled through contract
manufacturing relationships. We also lease office space in
Berlin, Germany for our European Operations, Zellera AG.

16

Table of Contents 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently party to any material legal
proceedings, although from time to time we may become involved
in disputes in connection with the operation of our business.

Item 4. 
 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
 Holders 

None

17

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity
 and Related Shareholder Matters 

Beginning on February 4, 1997 our common
stock was quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
 ASTM . Since June 11, 2002, our common stock has
been quoted on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market under the symbol
 ASTM . The following table sets forth the high and
low closing prices per share of common stock as reported on the
Nasdaq SmallCap Market:

Price Range of Common Stock 

High 
 
 Low 

Year ended June 30, 2003:

1st Quarter

.46 

.27 

2nd Quarter

.66 

.23 

3rd Quarter

.53 

.25 

4th Quarter

1.45 

.30 

Year ended June 30, 2004:

1st Quarter

1.83 

.79 

2nd Quarter

1.66 

1.25 

3rd Quarter

1.76 

1.27 

4th Quarter

1.36 

.80 

As of August 31, 2004, there were
approximately 594 holders of record of the common stock. We
have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock and we do
not anticipate paying such cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future
earnings, if any, for use in the development of our business.

The following table sets forth information as of
June 30, 2004 with respect to compensation plans (including
individual compensation arrangements) under which equity
securities are authorized for issuances:

Number of Securities 

Number of Securities to be 
 
 Weighted Average 
 
 Remaining Available for 

Issued upon Exercise of 
 
 Exercise Price of 
 
 Future Issuance 

Outstanding Options, 
 
 Outstanding Options, 
 
 Under Equity 

Warrants and Rights 
 
 Warrants and Rights 
 
 Compensation Plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security
 holders (employees and directors)

4,956,426 

1.33 

2,228,626 

Equity compensation plans not approved by
 security holders (financings or services related)

1,483,529 

1.18 

Balance, June 30, 2004

6,439,955 

1.30 

2,228,626 
 (1) 

(1) 
 
 Includes shares issuable under the 2001 Stock
 Option Plan and the 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

18

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

The statement of operations data for the years
ended June 30, 2002, 2003 and 2004 and for the period from
March 24, 1989 (Inception) to June 30, 2004 and the
balance sheet data at June 30, 2003 and 2004, are derived
from, and are qualified by reference to, the audited
consolidated financial statements included in this report on
Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with those
financial statements and notes thereto. The statement of
operations data for the years ended June 30, 2000 and 2001,
and the balance sheet data at June 30, 2000, 2001 and 2002,
are derived from audited consolidated financial statements not
included herein. The data set forth below are qualified by
reference to, and should be read in conjunction with, the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Year Ended June 30, 
 
 March 24, 1989 

(Inception) to 

2000 
 
 2001 
 
 2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2004 
 
 June 30, 2004 

Statement of Operations Data: 

Revenues:

Product sales and rentals

169,000 

85,000 

80,000 

314,000 

49,000 

731,000 

Research and development agreements

10,000 

75,000 

2,105,000 

Grants

981,000 

814,000 

797,000 

520,000 

1,178,000 

7,526,000 

Total revenues

1,150,000 

899,000 

877,000 

844,000 

1,302,000 

10,362,000 

Costs and expenses:

Cost of product sales and rentals(1)

1,251,000 

13,000 

202,000 

893,000 

280,000 

2,645,000 

Research and development

6,289,000 

4,983,000 

5,428,000 

5,647,000 

6,289,000 

93,437,000 

Selling, general and administrative

3,364,000 

2,482,000 

3,528,000 

4,017,000 

5,390,000 

33,517,000 

Total costs and expenses

10,904,000 

7,478,000 

9,158,000 

10,557,000 

11,959,000 

129,599,000 

Loss from operations

(9,754,000) 

(6,579,000) 

(8,281,000) 

(9,713,000) 

(10,657,000) 

(119,237,000) 

Other income (expense):

Other income

1,237,000 

Interest income

364,000 

653,000 

342,000 

134,000 

169,000 

5,371,000 

Interest expense

(267,000) 

Net loss

(9,390,000) 

(5,926,000) 

(7,939,000) 

(9,579,000) 

(10,488,000) 

(112,896,000) 

Net loss applicable to common shares

(9,598,000) 

(5,926,000) 

(7,939,000) 

(9,579,000) 

(10,488,000) 

Net loss per common share (basic and diluted)

(.41) 

(.17) 

(.19) 

(.19) 

(.14) 

Weighted average number of common shares
 outstanding (basic and diluted)

23,344,000 

34,030,000 

42,121,000 

50,984,000 

73,703,000 

June 30, 

2000 
 
 2001 
 
 2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2004 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments

12,745,000 

10,659,000 

9,605,000 

10,512,000 

16,926,000 

Working capital

12,143,000 

10,715,000 

10,597,000 

11,273,000 

17,274,000 

Total assets

13,437,000 

11,905,000 

11,553,000 

12,155,000 

18,166,000 

Deficit accumulated during the development stage

(79,932,000) 

(85,858,000) 

(93,797,000) 

(103,376,000) 

(113,864,000) 

Total shareholders equity

12,435,000 

10,894,000 

10,803,000 

11,575,000 

17,608,000 

(1) 
 
 Cost of product sales and rentals for the year
 ended June 30, 2000 includes an inventory write off of
 1,027,000 and for the years ended June 30, 2002,
 June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2004 includes a charge of
 202,000, 748,000 and 253,000 for obsolete and excess
 inventory, respectively.

19

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

We are a late-stage development company focused
on the development of processes and products for the ex vivo
 production and sale of human cell products for use in cell
therapy and regenerative medicine. Our pre-clinical and clinical
product development programs utilize adult bone marrow stem and
progenitor cells for forming solid tissues such as bone,
vascular tissue, cartilage, and blood and immune system cells.
We currently operate our business in one reportable
segment research and product development, conducted
both on our own behalf and in connection with various
collaborative research and development agreements with others,
involving the development and sale of processes and products for
the ex vivo production of human cells for use in cell
therapy.

While cell therapies are emerging as potential
new treatment options for several diseases and medical
disorders, the success of cellular therapy is based, in part, on
the need for care providers to be able to access therapeutic
quantities of biologically active cells necessary for patient
treatment, cost-effectively and in compliance with regulatory
requirements. Our patented AastromReplicell System and
single-pass perfusion technology are intended to enable the
manufacturing of patient specific cell products for clinical use.

In the expanding field of cell therapy, we
develop proprietary Prescription Cell Products (PCP) for the
regenerative repair of damaged human tissues and other medical
disorders, the first of which is now in the clinical stage. Our
lead PCP products are Tissue Repair Cells (TRCs), which are a
unique mixture of bone marrow-derived stem and progenitor cells,
produced ex vivo. In previous multi-center clinical
trials involving over 160 patients, our TRCs have been
demonstrated to be safe and reliable, and to regenerate certain
normal healthy human tissues.

We have also developed our proprietary
AastromReplicell System, which is a patented, integrated system
of instrumentation and single-use consumable kits for the
commercial production of human cells. The AastromReplicell
System was developed to provide a manufacturing platform for our
proprietary cell products, such as our TRCs. The
AastromReplicell System technology has recently been expanded
for the production of dendritic cells and dendritic cell
vaccines, and is the basis of our Cell Production Products (CPP)
business. The clinical use of dendritic cell vaccines is minimal
at this time, and as such the market is only just developing. We
are currently exploring the market for our CPP dendritic cell
vaccine products in the EU and in the United States by targeting
academic and other third party therapeutic cell developers
requiring automated cell production with GMP compliance.

Our commercial production pathway for our
Prescription Cell Products is enabled through the
AastromReplicell System platform. This proprietary and automated
clinical cell production system combines patented GMP-compliant
automated cell production with patented single-pass
perfusion. Single-pass perfusion is our technology for
growing large quantities of highly robust human cells outside
the body. These cells include adult stem and progenitor cell
mixtures cells required for forming solid tissues
such as bone, vascular tissue, cartilage, and immune system
cells.

Our primary business model utilizes a core
infrastructure for the manufacturing and distribution of TRC
cell products for use in multiple medical markets. Initially, we
will pursue TRCs for the following two therapeutic areas:

Local bone regeneration in fractures, spinal
 fusion and jaw bone reconstruction, and

Vascular (blood vessel) regeneration in limb
 ischemia resulting from diabetes and other diseases.

In the future, we may develop, and/or support the
development by third parties, TRC products for other areas such
as cartilage regeneration and cardiac tissue regeneration.

In the EU, our business and marketing activities
are directed through Zellera AG, our wholly-owned subsidiary
located in Berlin, Germany.

Since our inception, we have been in the
development stage and engaged in research and product
development, conducted principally on our own behalf, but also
in connection with various collaborative

20

Table of Contents 

research and development agreements with others.
We commenced our initial pilot-scale product launch in the EU of
the AastromReplicellSystem with the SC-I kit in April 1999.
At approximately this same time, data was released at
international meetings that resulted in the majority of the
patients who would otherwise have been candidates for the
SC-I product, to no longer require the use of the product.
This loss of market for the SC-I caused us to reorganize our
operations and suspend all marketing activities in October 1999,
pending the receipt of additional financing and the completion
of the reorganization process. While we have initiated marketing
activities in the EU for the CE Marked SC-I, DC-I, DCV-I and the
DCV-II products, we do not expect to generate positive cash
flows from our consolidated operations for at least the next
several years and then only if more significant product sales
commence. Until that time, we expect that our revenue sources
will consist of sales from our Cell Production Product operation
to academic and commercial research centers, grant revenue and
research funding and licensing fees from potential future
corporate collaborators. To date, we have financed our
operations primarily through public and private sales of our
equity securities and we expect to continue. As a
development-stage company, we have never been profitable and do
not anticipate having net income unless and until significant
product sales commence, which is unlikely to occur until we
obtain significant additional funding and complete the required
clinical trials for regulatory approvals. Through June 30,
2004, we have accumulated losses of approximately
 114 million. We cannot provide any assurance that we will
be able to achieve profitability on a sustained basis, if at
all, obtain the required funding, obtain the required regulatory
approvals, or complete additional corporate partnering or
acquisition transactions.

Critical Accounting Policies 

There are several accounting policies that we
believe are significant to the presentation of our consolidated
financial statements. Note 1 to our consolidated financial
statements Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies summarizes each of our significant accounting
policies. The most significant accounting policies include those
related to inventory, revenue recognition and accounts
receivable.

Revenue recognition. 
We generate revenue from grants and research agreements,
collaborative agreements, product sales and rentals and
licensing arrangements. Revenue from grants and research
agreements is recognized on a cost reimbursement basis
consistent with the performance requirements of the related
agreements. Revenue from collaborative agreements is recognized
when the scientific or clinical results stipulated in the
agreement have been met and there are no other ongoing
obligations on our part. We recognize revenue from product sales
when title to the product transfers and there are no remaining
obligations that will affect the customer s final
acceptance of the sale. If there are remaining obligations,
including training and installation (which we believe to be
significant), we recognize revenue upon completion of these
obligations. We recognize revenue from licensing fees under
licensing agreements when there are no future performance
obligations remaining with respect to such fees. Payments
received before all obligations are fulfilled are classified as
deferred revenue.

Accounts receivable. 
We make estimates evaluating collectibility of accounts
receivable. We continuously monitor collections and payments
from our customers and maintain an allowance for estimated
credit losses based on any specific customer collection issues
we have identified. While such credit issues have not been
significant, there is no assurance that we will continue to
experience the same credit losses in the future. As of
June 30, 2004, our allowance for doubtful accounts was
 7,000.

Inventory. We value
our inventory that consists primarily of finished components of
our lead product, the AastromReplicell System and our disposable
cell production cassettes, at the lower of cost (specific
identification using first in, first out) or market. We
regularly review inventory quantities on hand and record a
provision to write down obsolete and excess inventory to its
estimated net realizable value. Based on the aging of inventory
at each period end, we utilize a systematic approach to
determine our reserve for obsolete and excess inventory. Under
this systematic approach, AastromReplicell System inventory that
is less than twelve months old, based on the receipt date, will
be carried at full value. Inventory quantities in excess of
twelve months old are reserved over a six-month period, until
the items are either sold or fully reserved. We review cell
production cassette inventory relative to its age and our
expected sales and, where quantities exceed expected sales
utilization, we reduce the recorded value of cell cassette
inventory. We feel this approach is appropriate given our
limited product sales history and the risk associated with our
ability to recover the

21

Table of Contents 

inventory as we are still in the process of
establishing our product market. Future technological changes,
new product development and actual sales could result in
additional obsolete and excess inventory on hand. This could
have a significant impact on the value of our inventory and our
reported operating results.

The summary of significant accounting policies
should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements and related notes and this discussion of our results
of operations.

Results of Operations 

Total revenues were 1,302,000 in 2004, 844,000
in 2003, and 877,000 in 2002 Grant revenues increased to
 1,178,000 in 2004 from 520,000 in 2003 and from 797,000 in
2002. Grant revenues in 2004 have increased from prior years as
a result of increased activity on the collaborative grant with
the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) and
additional grant awards from the National Institutes of Health.
Grant revenues accounted for 90 of total

revenues for the year ended June 30, 2004
and 62 for the year ended June 30, 2003 and 91 for the
year ended June 30, 2002 and are recorded on a
cost-reimbursement basis. Product sales and rentals decreased to
 49,000 in 2004 from 314,000 in 2003 and 80,000 in 2002. This
decrease is primarily the result of extended internal
evaluations at potential customer sites that have delayed sales
of our instrumentation and cell production kits for the year
ended June 30, 2004. Revenues for the year ended
June 30, 2004, also include 75,000 in research and
development agreements compared to 10,000 for year ended
June 30, 2003 and none for the year ended June 30,
2002. This increase is the result of a 50,000 fee from our
sublicense agreement with Corning Inc. compared to a 10,000 fee
for the year ended June 30, 2003, and an additional fee of
 25,000 from a development agreement with a European institution.

Total costs and expenses were 11,959,000 in
2004, 10,557,000 in 2003 and 9,158,000 in 2002. The increase
in costs and expenses is primarily the result of increased
selling, general and administrative expenses to 5,390,000 in
2004 from 4,017,000 in 2003 and 3,528,000 in 2002, reflecting
the continued expansion of marketing activities in the EU to
further our commercialization efforts and additional capital
raising costs not related to specific transactions. Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2004 also includes a non-cash charge of 53,000
relating to certain warrants issued in August 2003 for public
and investor relations services and a 372,000 non-cash charge
related to an employee performance-based stock option that
vested in September 2003. Research and development expenses
increased to 6,289,000 in 2004 from 5,647,000 in 2003 and
 5,428,000 in 2002, reflecting increased research and product
development activities in the area of tissue regeneration and
our on-going and planned bone grafting clinical trials in the
United States and the EU. Research and development expenses in
2004 include 256,000 of cell cassettes allocated for use in
clinical trials, research and product development studies. Cost
of product sales and rentals were 27,000 in 2004, 145,000 in
2003 and none in 2002. This decrease is due to the decline in
the volume of product sales. The non-cash provision for obsolete
and excess AastromReplicell System inventory was 253,000 in
2004, 748,000 in 2003 and 202,000 in 2002. The decrease in
2004 is the result of the carrying value of our AastromReplicell
System inventory that was written down to zero by
September 30, 2003.

Interest income was 169,000 in 2004, 134,000 in
2003 and 342,000 in 2002. The fluctuations in interest income
are due primarily to corresponding changes in the levels of
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and decreasing
yields from our investments during the periods.

Our net loss was 10,488,000, or .14 per
common share in 2004, 9,579,000, or .19 per common share
in 2003, and 7,939,000, or .19 per common share in 2002.
These increases in net loss are primarily the result of
increased costs and expenses as the result of expanded research
and marketing activities and, for the purposes of computing per
share amounts, were offset by an increase in the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding resulting from
additional equity financings. We expect to report additional
significant net losses until such time as more substantial
product sales commence.

We have not generated any net taxable income
since our inception and therefore have not paid any federal
income taxes since inception. We issued shares of common stock
in prior years, which resulted in multiple ownership changes
under taxation rules (Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code). Consequently, pursuant to these taxation rules, the
utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
will be

22

Table of Contents 

significantly limited in future periods, even if
we generate taxable income. At June 30, 2004, we have
generated cumulative Federal tax net operating loss and tax
credit carryforwards of, 45,000,000 and 500,000, respectively,
which will expire in various periods between 2005 and 2025, if
not utilized. Our ability to utilize our net operating loss and
tax credit carryforwards may become subject to further annual
limitation in the event of future changes in ownership events.

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have financed our operations since inception
primarily through public and private sales of our equity
securities, which, from inception through June 30, 2003,
have totaled approximately 131 million and, to a lesser
degree, through grant funding, payments received under research
agreements and collaborations, interest earned on cash, cash
equivalents, and short-term investments, and funding under
equipment leasing agreements. These financing sources have
generally allowed us to maintain adequate levels of cash and
other liquid investments.

Our combined cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments totaled 16,926,000 at June 30,
2004, an increase of 6,414,000 from June 30, 2003. During
the year ended June 30, 2004, we raised net proceeds of
 16,096,000 through the sale of our equity securities. The
primary uses of cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments during the year ended June 30, 2004 included
 9,525,000 to finance our operations and working capital
requirements, and 157,000 in capital equipment additions.

Our combined cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments totaled 10,512,000 at June 30,
2003, an increase of 907,000 from June 30, 2002. During
the year ended June 30, 2003, we raised net proceeds of
 10,016,000 through the sale of our equity securities. The
primary uses of cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments during the year ended June 30, 2003 included
 8,990,000 to finance our operations and working capital
requirements, and 119,000 in capital equipment additions.

We expect that our capital expenditures for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2005 will be 145,000, in total.
The primary use of these expenditures will be for cell
production equipment.

Our future cash requirements will depend on many
factors, including continued scientific progress in our research
and development programs, the scope and results of clinical
trials, the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory
approvals, the costs involved in filing, prosecuting and
enforcing patents, competing technological and market
developments and the cost of product commercialization. We do
not expect to generate a positive cash flow from operations for
at least the next several years due to the expected spending for
research and development programs and the cost of
commercializing our product candidates. We intend to seek
additional funding through research and development agreements
or grants, distribution and marketing agreements and through
public or private financing transactions. Successful future
operations are subject to several technical and business risks,
including our continued ability to obtain future funding,
satisfactory product development, obtaining regulatory approval
and market acceptance for our products. We expect that our
available cash and expected interest income will be sufficient
to finance currently planned activities at least through the end
of fiscal year 2005 (ending June 30, 2005). These estimates
are based on certain assumptions which could be negatively
impacted by the matters discussed under this heading and under
the caption Business Risks , included herein. In
order to grow and expand our business, and to introduce our
product candidates into the marketplace, we will need to raise
additional funds. We will also need additional funds or a
collaborative partner, or both, to finance the research and
development activities of our product candidates for the
expansion of additional cell types. We expect that our primary
sources of capital for the foreseeable future will be through
collaborative arrangements and through the public or private
sale of our debt or equity securities. There can be no assurance
that such collaborative arrangements, or any public or private
financing, will be available on acceptable terms, if at all, or
can be sustained. Several factors will affect our ability to
raise additional funding, including, but not limited to, market
volatility of our common stock, continued stock market listing
and economic conditions affecting the public markets generally
or some portion or all of the technology sector. If our common
stock is delisted from The Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the liquidity
of our common stock could be impaired, and prices for the shares
of our common stock could be lower than might otherwise prevail.

23

Table of Contents 

On July 28, 2004, we received a letter from
the Nasdaq Stock Market indicating that for 30 consecutive
trading days the bid price for our common stock had closed below
the 1.00 minimum continued listing requirement established by
Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(4). Pursuant to applicable
Nasdaq rules, we have been provided a grace period until
January 24, 2005, to regain compliance by having our stock
price close at 1.00 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive
business days. Under the current Nasdaq rules, if the stock
price does not satisfy the minimum bid price requirement by
January 24, 2005, we may also be granted at least one
additional 180 day grace period to regain compliance if we
meet the required initial listing criteria. Our most material
initial listing requirement is the minimum shareholders 
equity balance of 5,000,000. As of June 30, 2004, out
shareholders equity balance was 17,608,000.

If adequate funds are not available, we may be
required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more
of our research and development programs, which may have a
material adverse affect on our business. See Business
Risks and Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included herein.

Long-Term Contractual Obligations and
Commitments 

The following table sets forth Aastrom s
contractual obligation along with cash payments due each period.

Payments Due 

through Fiscal Year 

Ended June 30, 2005 

Operating lease obligations

316,000 

Purchase order commitments

579,000 

Total obligations and commitment

895,000 

New Accounting Standards 

In December 2003, the FASB issued a revision of
FIN 46 (FIN 46R), which clarified certain complexities
of FIN 46 and generally requires the adoption of all
special-purpose entities that qualify as variable interest
entities no later than the end of the first reporting period
ending after December 15, 2003 and to all non
special-purpose entities that qualify as variable interest
entities no later than the end of the first reporting period
ending after March 15, 2004. At June 30, 2004, Aastrom
did not have any entities that require disclosure or new
consolidation as a result of adopting the provisions of
FIN 46R.

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
 About Market Risk 

As of June 30, 2004, our cash and cash
equivalents included money market securities. Due to the short
duration of our investment portfolio, an immediate 10 change in
interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair
market value of our portfolio, therefore, we would not expect
our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any
significant degree by the effect of a sudden change in market
interest rates on our securities portfolio.

Our sales to customers in foreign countries are
denominated in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, we are not
directly exposed to market risks from currency exchange rate
fluctuations. We believe that the interest rate risk related to
our accounts receivable is not significant. We manage the risk
associated with these accounts through periodic reviews of the
carrying value for non-collectibility and establishment of
appropriate allowances in connection with our internal controls
and policies. We do not enter into hedging transactions and do
not purchase derivative instruments.

24

Table of Contents 

BUSINESS RISKS 

Our business is subject to a number of
uncertainties, including those discussed below. 

Our past losses and expected future losses
cast doubt on our ability to operate profitably. 

We were incorporated in 1989 and have experienced
substantial operating losses since inception. As of
June 30, 2004, we have incurred cumulative net losses
totaling approximately 114 million. These losses have
resulted principally from costs incurred in the research and
development of our cell culture technologies and the
AastromReplicell System, general and administrative expenses,
and the prosecution of patent applications. We expect to incur
significant operating losses until product sales increase,
primarily owing to our research and development programs,
including pre-clinical studies and clinical trials, and the
establishment of marketing and distribution capabilities
necessary to support commercialization efforts for our products.
We cannot predict with any certainty the amount of future
losses. Our ability to achieve profitability will depend, among
other things, on successfully completing the development of our
product candidates, obtaining regulatory approvals, establishing
manufacturing, sales and marketing arrangements with third
parties, and raising sufficient funds to finance our activities.
We may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability.

Failure to obtain and maintain required
regulatory approvals would severely limit our ability to sell
our products. 

We must obtain the approval of the FDA before
commercial sales of our cell product candidates may commence in
the United States, which we believe will ultimately be the
largest market for our products. We may also be required to
obtain additional approvals from foreign regulatory authorities
to continue or increase our sales activities of cells and
equipment in those jurisdictions. If we cannot demonstrate the
safety, reliability and efficacy of our product candidates, or
of the cells produced in such products, we may not be able to
obtain required regulatory approvals. If we cannot demonstrate
the safety or efficacy of our technologies and product
candidates, including long-term sustained engraftment, or if one
or more patients die or suffer severe complications, the FDA or
other regulatory authorities could delay or withhold regulatory
approval of our product candidates.

Finally, even if we obtain regulatory approval of
a product, that approval may be subject to limitations on the
indicated uses for which it may be marketed. Even after granting
regulatory approval, the FDA and regulatory agencies in other
countries continue to review and inspect marketed products,
manufacturers and manufacturing facilities, which may create
additional regulatory burdens. Later discovery of previously
unknown problems with a product, manufacturer or facility may
result in restrictions on the product or manufacturer, including
a withdrawal of the product from the market. Further, regulatory
agencies may establish additional regulations that could prevent
or delay regulatory approval of our products.

Any changes in the governmental regulatory
classifications of our products could prevent, limit or delay
our ability to market or develop our products. 

The FDA establishes regulatory requirements based
on the classification of a product. Although the
AastromReplicell System is considered to be unregulated
manufacturing equipment in the U.S., the FDA may reconsider this
and classify the System as a Class III medical device, or
the FDA may ultimately choose to regulate the AastromReplicell
System under another category. Because our product development
programs are designed to satisfy the standards applicable to
medical devices and biological licensure for our cellular
products, any change in the regulatory classification or
designation would affect our ability to obtain FDA approval of
our products. The AastromReplicell System is used to produce
different cell mixtures, and each of these cell mixtures will,
under current regulations be regulated as biologic products,
which require a biologic license application (BLA).

New directives (laws) have recently become
effective in the EU that may affect the manufacturing of cell
products and clinical trials. These changes have delayed or in
some cases temporarily halted dendritic cell clinical trials in
the EU, which has reduced the number of customer opportunities
and affected our progress in our Cell Production Products
business. The recent changes to the European Union Medicinal
Products Prime

25

Table of Contents 

Directive shifted patient-derived cells to the
medicinal products category. These new laws may delay some of
our current planned clinical trials in the EU.

Our inability to complete our product
development activities successfully would severely limit our
ability to operate or finance operations. 

Commercialization in the United States of our
cell product candidates will require substantial clinical
trials. We may not be able to successfully complete development
of our product candidates, or successfully market our
technologies or product candidates. We, and any of our potential
collaborators, may encounter problems and delays relating to
research and development, regulatory approval and intellectual
property rights of our technologies and product candidates. Our
research and development programs may not be successful, and our
cell culture technologies and product candidates may not
facilitate the production of cells outside the human body with
the expected result. Our technologies and product candidates may
not prove to be safe and efficacious in clinical trials, and we
may not obtain the requisite regulatory approvals for our
technologies or product candidates and the cells produced in
such products. If any of these events occur, we may not have
adequate resources to continue operations for the period
required to resolve the issue delaying commercialization and we
may not be able to raise capital to finance our continued
operation during the period required for resolution of that
issue.

We may not be able to raise the required
capital to conduct our operations and develop our
products. 

We will require substantial capital resources in
order to conduct our operations and develop our products. In
October 1999, we were forced to reduce operations based on our
declining level of capital resources and our limited financing
alternatives available at that time. The previous reduction in
our operating activities has delayed our product development
programs. We expect that our available cash and financing will
be sufficient to fund currently planned activities through our
2005 fiscal year (ending June 30, 2005). However, in order
to grow and expand our business, and to introduce our new
product candidates into the marketplace, we will need to raise
additional funds. We will also need additional funds or a
collaborative partner, or both, to finance the research and
development activities of our product candidates for the
expansion of additional cell types. Accordingly, we are
continuing to pursue additional sources of financing.

Our future capital requirements will depend upon
many factors, including:

continued scientific progress in our research and
 development programs;

costs and timing of conducting clinical trials
 and seeking regulatory approvals;

competing technological and market developments;

our ability to establish additional collaborative
 relationships; and

the effect of commercialization activities and
 facility expansions if and as required.

Because of our long-term funding requirements, we
are likely to access the public or private equity markets if and
whenever conditions are favorable, even if we do not have an
immediate need for additional capital at that time. Further, we
may enter into financing transactions at prices, which are at a
substantial discount to market. This additional funding may not
be available to us on reasonable terms, or at all. If adequate
funds are not available in the future, we may be required to
further delay or terminate research and development programs,
curtail capital expenditures, and reduce business development
and other operating activities.

The issuance of additional common stock for
funding has the potential for substantial dilution. 

As noted above, we will need additional equity
funding to provide us with the capital to reach our objectives.
At current market prices, such an equity issuance would cause a
substantially larger number of shares to be outstanding and
would dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders.

26

Table of Contents 

Our stock price has been volatile and future
sales of substantial numbers of our shares could have an adverse
affect on the market price of our shares. 

The market price of shares of our common stock
has been volatile, ranging in closing price between 0.79 and
 1.83 during the twelve month period ended June 30, 2004.
The price of our common stock may continue to fluctuate in
response to a number of events and factors, such as:

clinical trial results;

the amount of our cash resources and our ability
 to obtain additional funding;

announcements of research activities, business
 developments, technological innovations or new products by us or
 our competitors;

entering into or terminating strategic
 relationships;

changes in government regulation;

disputes concerning patents or proprietary rights;

changes in our revenues or expense levels;

public concern regarding the safety, efficacy or
 other aspects of the products or methodologies we are developing;

reports by securities analysts; and

status of the investment markets.

Any of these events may cause the price of our
shares to fall, which may adversely affect our business and
financing opportunities. In addition, the stock market in
general and the market prices for biotechnology companies in
particular have experienced significant volatility that often
has been unrelated to the operating performance or financial
conditions of such companies. These broad market and industry
fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our
stock, regardless of our operating performance or prospects.

Our stock may be delisted from Nasdaq, which
could affect its market price and liquidity. 

We are required to meet certain financial tests
(including a minimum bid price for our common stock of 1.00) to
maintain the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock
Market. Our common stock may be recommended for delisting
(subject to any appeal we would file) if we do not maintain
compliance with the Nasdaq requirements within specified periods
and subject to permitted extensions. If our common stock were
delisted, it could be more difficult to buy or sell our common
stock and to obtain accurate quotations, and the price of our
stock could suffer a material decline. Delisting would also
impair our ability to raise capital.

On July 28, 2004, we received a letter from
the Nasdaq Stock Market indicating that for 30 consecutive
trading days the bid price for our common stock had closed below
the 1.00 minimum continued listing requirement established by
Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(4). Pursuant to applicable
Nasdaq rules, we have been provided a grace period until
January 24, 2005, to regain compliance by having our stock
price close at 1.00 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive
business days. Under the current Nasdaq rules, if the stock
price does not satisfy the minimum bid price requirement by
January 24, 2005, we may also be granted at least one
additional 180 day grace period to regain compliance if we
meet the required initial listing criteria. Our most material
initial listing requirement is the minimum shareholders 
equity balance of 5,000,000. As of June 30, 2004, out
shareholders equity balance was 17,608,000.

We must successfully complete our clinical
trials to be able to market certain of our products. 

To be able to market Prescription Cell Products
in the United States, we must demonstrate, through extensive
preclinical studies and clinical trials, the safety and efficacy
of our processes and product candidates, for application in the
treatment of humans. If our clinical trials are not successful,
our products may not be marketable.

27

Table of Contents 

Our ability to complete our clinical trials in a
timely manner depends on many factors, including the rate of
patient enrollment. Patient enrollment can vary with the size of
the patient population, the proximity of suitable patients to
clinical sites, perceptions of the utility of cell therapy for
the treatment of certain diseases and the eligibility criteria
for the study. We have experienced delays in patient accrual in
our previous and current clinical trials. If we experience
future delays in patient accrual, we could experience increased
costs and delays associated with clinical trials, which would
impair our product development programs and our ability to
market our products. Furthermore, the FDA monitors the progress
of clinical trials and it may suspend or terminate clinical
trials at any time due to patient safety or other considerations.

Even if we obtain regulatory approvals to sell
our products, lack of commercial acceptance could impair our
business. 

We are seeking to obtain regulatory approval to
market stem cell tissue repair and regeneration treatments, and
cancer and infectious disease treatments. Even if we obtain all
required regulatory approvals, we cannot be certain that our
products and processes will be adopted at a level that would
allow us to operate profitably. Our tissue repair products will
face competition from existing, and/or potential other new
treatments in the future which could limit revenue potential. It
may be necessary to increase the yield and/or cell type purity,
for certain of our AastromReplicell System cell processes to
gain commercial acceptance. Our technologies or product
candidates may not be employed in all potential applications
being investigated, and any reduction in applications would
limit the market acceptance of our technologies and product
candidates and our potential revenues.

The market for our products will be heavily
dependent on third party reimbursement policies. 

Our ability to successfully commercialize our
product candidates will depend on the extent to which government
healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, as well as
private health insurers, health maintenance organizations and
other third party payors will pay for our products and related
treatments. Reimbursement by third party payors depends on a
number of factors, including the payor s determination that
use of the product is safe and effective, not experimental or
investigational, medically necessary, appropriate for the
specific patient and cost-effective. Reimbursement in the United
States or foreign countries may not be available or maintained
for any of our product candidates. If we do not obtain approvals
for adequate third party reimbursements, we may not be able to
establish or maintain price levels sufficient to realize an
appropriate return on our investment in product development. Any
limits on reimbursement available from third party payors may
reduce the demand for, or negatively affect the price of, our
products. For example, in the past, published studies have
suggested that stem cell transplantation for breast cancer, that
constituted a significant portion of the overall stem cell
therapy market, at the time, may have limited clinical benefit.
The lack of reimbursement for these procedures by insurance
payors would negatively affect the marketability of our products.

Failure of third parties to manufacture
component parts or provide limited source supplies, or
imposition of additional regulation, would impair our new
product development and our sales activities. 

We rely solely on third parties such as Astro,
Moll, Cambrex and Amgen to manufacture our product candidates,
component parts and growth factors and other materials used in
the cell expansion process. We would not be able to obtain
alternate sources of supply for many of these items on a
short-term basis. If any of our key manufacturers or suppliers
fail to perform their respective obligations or if our supply of
growth factors, components or other materials is limited or
interrupted, we would not be able to conduct clinical trials or
market our product candidates on a timely and cost-competitive
basis, if at all.

Finally, we may not be able to continue our
present arrangements with our suppliers, supplement existing
relationships, establish new relationships or be able to
identify and obtain the ancillary materials that are necessary
to develop our product candidates in the future. Our dependence
upon third parties for the supply and manufacture of these items
could adversely affect our ability to develop and deliver
commercially feasible products on a timely and competitive basis.

28

Table of Contents 

Use of animal-derived materials could harm our
product development and commercialization efforts. 

Some of the compounds we use in our current bone
marrow or cord blood cell expansion processes involve the use of
animal-derived products. Suppliers or regulatory authorities may
limit or restrict the availability of such compounds for
clinical and commercial use. Any restrictions on these compounds
would impose a potential competitive disadvantage for our
products. Regulatory authorities in the EU are reviewing the
safety issues related to the use of animal derived materials
which we currently use in our production process. It is unknown
at this time what actions, if any, the authority may take as to
animal derived materials specific to medicinal products
distributed in the EU. Our inability to develop or obtain
alternative compounds would harm our product development and
commercialization efforts.

Given our limited internal sales and marketing
capabilities, we need to develop increased internal capability
or collaborative relationships to sell, market and distribute
our products. 

While we have commenced marketing on a limited
basis of the AastromReplicell System and SC-I, DC-I, DCV-I and
DCV-II cell production kits in the EU and domestically for
research and industrial use, we have only limited internal
sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. We intend to get
assistance to market our products through collaborative
relationships with companies with established sales, marketing
and distribution capabilities. While we have entered into such
arrangements with respect to Switzerland, Turkey and Italy, we
will need to establish additional relationships to be able to
achieve the market coverage we desire. Our inability to develop
and maintain those relationships would limit our ability to
market, sell and distribute our products. Our inability to enter
into successful, long-term relationships could require us to
develop alternate arrangements at a time when we need sales,
marketing or distribution capabilities to meet existing demand.

If we do not keep pace with our competitors
and with technological and market changes, our products may
become obsolete and our business may suffer. 

The market for our products is very competitive,
is subject to rapid technological changes and varies for
different candidates and processes that directly compete with
our products. Our competitors may have developed, or could in
the future develop, new technologies that compete with our
products or even render our products obsolete. As an example, in
the past, published studies have suggested that hematopoietic
stem cell therapy use for bone marrow transplantation, following
marrow ablation due to chemo-therapy, may have limited clinical
benefit in the treatment of breast cancer, which was a
significant portion of the overall hematopoietic stem cell
transplant market. This resulted in a substantial decline in the
market for the AastromReplicell System with our SC-I kit.

Our products are designed to improve and automate
the processes for producing cells used in therapeutic
procedures. Even if we are able to demonstrate improved or
equivalent results, the cost or process of treatment and other
factors may cause researchers and practitioners to not use our
products and we will suffer a competitive disadvantage. As a
result, we may be unable to recover the net book value of our
inventory. Finally, to the extent that others develop new
technologies that address the targeted application for our
products, our business will suffer.

If we cannot attract and retain key personnel,
then our business will suffer. 

Our success depends in large part upon our
ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific and
management personnel. We face competition for such personnel
from other companies, research and academic institutions and
other entities. Further, in an effort to conserve financial
resources, we have implemented reductions in our work force on
two separate occasions. As a result of these and other factors,
we may not be successful in hiring or retaining key personnel.
The Company has a key man life insurance policy for
R. Douglas Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of Aastrom. Our inability to replace any other lost key employee
could harm our operations.

29

Table of Contents 

If our patents and proprietary rights do not
provide substantial protection, then our business and
competitive position will suffer. 

Our success depends in large part on our ability
to develop or license and protect proprietary products and
technologies. However, patents may not be granted on any of our
pending or future patent applications. Also, the scope of any of
our issued patents may not be sufficiently broad to offer
meaningful protection. In addition, our issued patents or
patents licensed to us could be successfully challenged,
invalidated or circumvented so that our patent rights would not
create an effective competitive barrier. Furthermore, we rely on
three exclusive, world-wide licenses relating to the production
of human cells granted to us by the University of Michigan for
certain of our patent rights. If we materially breach such
agreements or otherwise fail to materially comply with such
agreements, or if such agreements expire or are otherwise
terminated by us, we may lose our rights under the patents held
by the University of Michigan. At the latest, these licenses
will terminate when the patent underlying the license expires.
The first of these underlying patents will expire on
March 21, 2012. We also rely on trade secrets and
unpatentable know-how that we seek to protect, in part, by
confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants,
suppliers and licensees. These agreements may be breached, and
we might not have adequate remedies for any breach. If this were
to occur, our business and competitive position would suffer.

Intellectual property litigation could harm
our business. 

Our success will also depend in part on our
ability to develop commercially viable products without
infringing the proprietary rights of others. Although we have
not been subject to any filed infringement claims, other patents
could exist or could be filed which would prohibit or limit our
ability to market our products or maintain our competitive
position. In the event of an intellectual property dispute, we
may be forced to litigate. Intellectual property litigation
would divert management s attention from developing our
products and would force us to incur substantial costs
regardless of whether we are successful. An adverse outcome
could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties,
and force us to curtail or cease the development and sale of our
products and processes.

The government maintains certain rights in
technology that we develop using government grant money and we
may lose the revenues from such technology if we do not
commercialize and utilize the technology pursuant to established
government guidelines. 

Certain of our and our licensors research
have been or are being funded in part by government grants. As a
result of such funding, the U.S. Government has certain
rights in the technology developed with the grant. These rights
include a non-exclusive, paid-up, world-wide license to use the
technology for any governmental purpose. In addition, the
government has the right to require us to grant an exclusive
license to use the developed technology to a third party if the
government determines that:

we have not taken adequate steps to commercialize
 such technology;

such action is necessary to meet public health or
 safety needs; or

such action is necessary to meet requirements for
 public use under federal regulations.

In these instances, we would not receive revenues
on the products we developed. Additionally, technology that was
partially funded by a federal research grant is subject to the
following government rights:

products using the technology which are sold in
 the United States are to be manufactured substantially in the
 United States, unless a waiver is obtained;

the government may force the granting of a
 license to a third party who will make and sell the needed
 product if we do not pursue reasonable commercialization of a
 needed product using the technology; and

the U.S. Government may use the technology
 for its own needs.

30

Table of Contents 

If we fail to meet these guidelines, we would
lose our exclusive rights to these products and we would lose
potential revenue derived from the sale of these products.

Potential product liability claims could
affect our earnings and financial condition. 

We face an inherent business risk of exposure to
product liability claims in the event that the use of the
AastromReplicell System during research and development efforts,
including clinical trials, or after commercialization results in
adverse affects. As a result, we may incur significant product
liability exposure, which could exceed existing insurance
coverage. We may not be able to maintain adequate levels of
insurance at reasonable cost and/ or reasonable terms. Excessive
insurance costs or uninsured claims would increase our operating
loss and affect our financial condition.

Our corporate documents and Michigan law
contain provisions that may make it more difficult for us to be
acquired. 

Our Board of Directors has the authority, without
shareholder approval, to issue additional shares of preferred
stock and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and
restrictions of these shares without any further vote or action
by our shareholders. This authority, together with certain
provisions of our charter documents, may have the affect of
making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of
discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire control of
our company. This affect could occur even if our shareholders
consider the change in control to be in their best interest.

Forward-Looking Statements 

This report contains certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act. These forward-looking statements include statements
regarding:

potential strategic collaborations with others;

future capital needs;

product development and marketing plan;

clinical trial plans and anticipated results;

anticipation of future losses;

replacement of manufacturing sources;

commercialization plans; and

revenue expectations and operating results.

These statements are subject to risks and
uncertainties, including those set forth in this Business Risks
section, and actual results could differ materially from those
expressed or implied in these statements. All forward-looking
statements included in this registration statement are made as
of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to update any such
forward-looking statement or reason why actual results might
differ.

31

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm

33 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30,
 2003 and 2004

34 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
 years ended June 30, 2002, 2003 and 2004 and for the Period
 from March 24, 1989 (Inception) to June 30, 2004

35 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders 
 Equity from March 24, 1989 (Inception) to June 30, 2004

36 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
 years ended June 30, 2002, 2003 and 2004 and for the Period
 from March 24, 1989 (Inception) to June 30, 2004

37 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

38 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

32

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of

Aastrom Biosciences, Inc.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Aastrom
Biosciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries (a development stage
company) at June 30, 2003 and 2004, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended June 30, 2004, and for
the period from March 24, 1989 (Inception) to June 30,
2004 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion,
the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying
index present fairly, in all material respects, the information
set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related
consolidated financial statements. These financial statements
and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and financial statement
schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these
statements in accordance with the standards of Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

Minneapolis, MN

August 6, 2004

33

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 

2003 
 
 2004 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS:

Cash and cash equivalents

10,512,000 

16,926,000 

Receivables, net

350,000 

246,000 

Inventory

806,000 

389,000 

Other current assets

185,000 

271,000 

Total current assets

11,853,000 

17,832,000 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET

302,000 

334,000 

Total assets

12,155,000 

18,166,000 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

406,000 

382,000 

Accrued employee benefits

174,000 

176,000 

Total current liabilities

580,000 

558,000 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 5 and
 6) 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY:

Common Stock, no par value; shares
 authorized 150,000,000; shares issued and
 outstanding 64,812,422 and 81,373,191, respectively

114,951,000 

131,472,000 

Deficit accumulated during the development stage

(103,376,000) 

(113,864,000) 

Total shareholders equity

11,575,000 

17,608,000 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

12,155,000 

18,166,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements

34

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS 

Year Ended June 30, 
 
 March 24, 1989 

(Inception) to 

2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2004 
 
 June 30, 2004 

REVENUES:

Product sales and rentals

80,000 

314,000 

49,000 

731,000 

Research and development agreements

10,000 

75,000 

2,105,000 

Grants

797,000 

520,000 

1,178,000 

7,526,000 

Total revenues

877,000 

844,000 

1,302,000 

10,362,000 

COSTS AND EXPENSES:

Cost of product sales and rentals

145,000 

27,000 

415,000 

Cost of product sales and rentals 
 provision for obsolete and excess inventory

202,000 

748,000 

253,000 

2,230,000 

Research and development

5,428,000 

5,647,000 

6,289,000 

93,437,000 

Selling, general and administrative

3,528,000 

4,017,000 

5,390,000 

33,517,000 

Total costs and expenses

9,158,000 

10,557,000 

11,959,000 

129,599,000 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS

(8,281,000) 

(9,713,000) 

(10,657,000) 

(119,237,000) 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE):

Other income

1,237,000 

Interest income

342,000 

134,000 

169,000 

5,371,000 

Interest expense

(267,000) 

Total other income

342,000 

134,000 

169,000 

6,341,000 

NET LOSS

(7,939,000) 

(9,579,000) 

(10,488,000) 

(112,896,000) 

NET LOSS PER SHARE (Basic and Diluted)

(.19) 

(.19) 

(.14) 

Weighted average number of common shares
 Outstanding (Basic and Diluted)

42,121,000 

50,984,000 

73,703,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements.

35

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Deficit 

Accumulated 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 During the 
 
 Total 

Development 
 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Stage 
 
 Equity 

BALANCE, MARCH 24, 1989 (Inception)

Net loss and comprehensive loss

(84,890,000) 

(84,890,000) 

Issuance of common stock for cash, services and
 license rights

1,195,124 

2,336,000 

2,336,000 

Issuance of Series A through Series E
 Preferred Stock for cash, net of issuance costs of 342,000

9,451,766 

34,218,000 

34,218,000 

Issuance of Series E Preferred Stock at
 17.00 per share

205,882 

3,500,000 

(3,500,000) 

Exercise of stock options and warrants

2,947,185 

893,000 

893,000 

Issuance of Stock Purchase Rights for cash in
 September 1995 and March 1996

3,500,000 

3,500,000 

Principal payment received under shareholder note
 Receivable

31,000 

31,000 

Initial public offering of common stock at
 7.00 per share, net of issuance costs of 2,865,000

3,250,000 

19,885,000 

19,885,000 

Conversion of preferred stock

(11,865,648) 

(55,374,000) 

21,753,709 

55,374,000 

Compensation expense related to stock options
 granted

654,000 

654,000 

Issuance of 5.5 Convertible Preferred Stock
 at 5.00 per share, net of issuance costs of 1,070,000

2,200,000 

9,930,000 

9,930,000 

Issuance of 1998 Series I Convertible
 Preferred Stock at 1,000 per share, net of issuance costs
 of 460,000

5,000 

4,540,000 

40,404 

149,000 

4,689,000 

Issuance of 1999 Series III Convertible
 Preferred Stock at 1,000 per share, net of issuance costs
 of 280,000

3,000 

2,720,000 

49,994 

90,000 

2,810,000 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs
 of 239,000

8,328,422 

16,911,000 

16,911,000 

Dividends and yields on preferred stock

466,000 

148,568 

502,000 

(968,000) 

Repurchase and retirement of Common Shares
 Outstanding

(32,171) 

(73,000) 

(73,000) 

BALANCE, JUNE 30, 2001

37,681,235 

96,752,000 

(85,858,000) 

10,894,000 

Net loss and comprehensive loss

(7,939,000) 

(7,939,000) 

Exercise of stock options and issuance of stock
 under Employee Stock Purchase Plan

42,075 

34,000 

34,000 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs
 of 19,000

6,003,247 

7,814,000 

7,814,000 

BALANCE, JUNE 30, 2002

43,726,557 

104,600,000 

(93,797,000) 

10,803,000 

Net loss and comprehensive loss

(9,579,000) 

(9,579,000) 

Exercise of stock options and issuance of stock
 under Employee Stock Purchase Plan

38,723 

15,000 

15,000 

Compensation expense related to stock warrants
 granted

335,000 

335,000 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs
 of 342,000

21,047,142 

10,001,000 

10,001,000 

BALANCE, JUNE 30, 2003

64,812,422 

114,951,000 

(103,376,000) 

11,575,000 

Net loss and comprehensive loss

(10,488,000) 

(10,488,000) 

Exercise of stock purchase warrants

236,534 

121,000 

121,000 

Exercise of stock options and issuance of stock
 under Employee Stock Purchase Plan

45,919 

24,000 

24,000 

Issuance of stock under Direct Stock Purchase Plan

5,453 

5,000 

5,000 

Compensation expense related to stock options and
 warrants granted

425,000 

425,000 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs
 of 1,294,000

16,272,863 

15,946,000 

15,946,000 

BALANCE, JUNE 30, 2004

81,373,191 

131,472,000 

(113,864,000) 

17,608,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements.

36

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS 

Year Ended June 30, 
 
 March 24, 1989 

(Inception) to 

2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2004 
 
 June 30, 2004 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net loss

(7,939,000) 

(9,579,000) 

(10,488,000) 

(112,896,000) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
 used for operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

126,000 

119,000 

125,000 

3,571,000 

Loss on property held for resale

110,000 

Amortization of discounts and premiums on
 investments

(543,000) 

Stock compensation expense

335,000 

425,000 

1,424,000 

Inventory write downs and reserves

202,000 

748,000 

253,000 

2,230,000 

Stock issued pursuant to license agreement

3,300,000 

Provision for losses on accounts receivable

4,000 

156,000 

Changes in assets and liabilities:

Receivables

9,000 

(230,000) 

100,000 

(426,000) 

Inventory

(874,000) 

(253,000) 

164,000 

(2,715,000) 

Other current assets

(12,000) 

40,000 

(86,000) 

(271,000) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

(267,000) 

(183,000) 

(24,000) 

382,000 

Accrued employee benefits

6,000 

13,000 

2,000 

176,000 

Net cash used for operating activities

(8,749,000) 

(8,990,000) 

(9,525,000) 

(105,502,000) 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Organizational costs

(73,000) 

Purchase of short-term investments

(5,500,000) 

(62,124,000) 

Maturities of short-term investments

4,500,000 

1,000,000 

62,667,000 

Property and equipment purchases

(153,000) 

(119,000) 

(157,000) 

(3,072,000) 

Proceeds from sale of property held for resale

400,000 

Net cash provided by (used for) investing
 activities

(1,153,000) 

881,000 

(157,000) 

(2,202,000) 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock

51,647,000 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock

7,848,000 

10,016,000 

16,096,000 

70,675,000 

Repurchase of common stock

(49,000) 

Payments received for stock purchase rights

3,500,000 

Payments received under shareholder notes

31,000 

Principal payments under capital lease obligations

(1,174,000) 

Net cash provided by financing activities

7,848,000 

10,016,000 

16,096,000 

124,630,000 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH
 EQUIVALENTS

(2,054,000) 

1,907,000 

6,414,000 

16,926,000 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD

10,659,000 

8,605,000 

10,512,000 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD

8,605,000 

10,512,000 

16,926,000 

16,926,000 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Interest paid

267,000 

Equipment acquired under capital lease obligations

1,174,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements.

37

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

1. 
 
 Organization and Summary of Significant
 Accounting Policies 

Aastrom Biosciences, Inc. was incorporated in
March 1989 (Inception), began employee-based operations in 1991,
and is in the development stage. The Company operates its
business in one reportable segment research and
product development, conducted both on its own behalf and in
connection with various collaborative research and development
agreements with others, involving the development and sale of
processes and products for the ex vivo production of
human cells for use in cell therapy.

Successful future operations are subject to
several technical and business risks, including satisfactory
product development, obtaining regulatory approval and market
acceptance for its products and the Company s continued
ability to obtain future funding.

The Company is subject to certain risks related
to the operation of its business and development of its products
and product candidates. While available cash and investments are
expected to finance currently planned activities at least
through the end of fiscal year 2005, it will need to raise
additional funds in order to complete its product development
programs and commercialize its first product candidates. The
Company cannot be certain that such funding will be available on
favorable terms, if at all. Some of the factors that will impact
the Company s ability to raise additional capital and its
overall success includes, the rate and degree of progress for
its product development programs, the liquidity and volatility
of its equity securities, regulatory and manufacturing
requirements and uncertainties, technological developments by
competitors and other factors. If the Company cannot raise such
funds, it may not be able to develop or enhance products, take
advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive
pressures or unanticipated requirements, which would negatively
impact its business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Significant Revenue
Relationships One
collaborator accounted for 17 of total revenues for the period
from Inception to June 30, 2004. However, for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2004, there was no revenue recognized
from this source. Grant revenues consist of grants received from
federal and state agencies.

Suppliers 
The Company is dependent on a single contract manufacturer and
some of the key components in the Company s products come
from single or limited sources of supply.

Principles of
Consolidation The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
Aastrom and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Zellera AG (Zellera)
which is located in Berlin, Germany, (collectively, the
Company). All significant inter-company transactions and
accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. As of
June 30, 2004, Zellera has only limited operations and is
not currently a significant component of the consolidated
financial statements.

Cash and Cash
Equivalents Cash and cash
equivalents include cash and highly liquid short-term
investments with original maturities or original maturities of
three months or less at the time of purchase.

Short-Term
Investments Short-term
investments consist of U.S. government securities and
commercial paper with original maturities of over three months
and less than one year. Short-term investments are classified as
available-for-sale, and are presented at fair value, with
unrealized gains and losses on investments reflected as a
component of accumulated other comprehensive income within
shareholders equity. Through June 30, 2004, the
Company has not experienced unrealized gains or losses on its
investments.

Diversity of Credit
Risk The Company invests
its excess cash in U.S. government securities and
commercial paper, maintained in U.S. financial
institutions, and has established guidelines relative to
diversification and maturities in an effort to limit risk. These
guidelines are periodically reviewed and modified to take
advantage of trends in yields and interest rates. The Company
has not experienced any significant realized losses on its cash
equivalents or short-term investments.

38

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Inventory 
 The Company values its inventory that
consists primarily of finished components, the AastromReplicell
System and our disposable cell production cassettes, at the
lower of cost (specific identification using first in, first
out) or market. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand
and record a provision to write down obsolete and excess
inventory to its estimated net realizable value. Based on the
aging of inventory at each period end, we utilize a systematic
approach to determine our reserve for obsolete and excess
inventory. Under this systematic approach, AastromReplicell
System inventory that is less than twelve months old, based on
the receipt date, will be carried at full value. Inventory
quantities in excess of twelve months old are reserved over a
six-month period, until the items are either sold or fully
reserved. We review cell production cassette inventory relative
to its age and our expected sales and, where quantities exceed
expected sales utilization, we reduce the recorded value of cell
cassette inventory. We feel this approach is appropriate given
our limited product sales history and the risk associated with
our ability to recover the inventory as we are still in the
process of establishing our product market. Future technological
changes, new product development and actual sales results could
result in additional obsolete and excess inventory on hand. This
could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory
and our reported operating results. The Company charged 748,000
and 253,000, for the years, ended June 30, 2003 and 2004,
respectively to cost of product sales and rentals 
provision for obsolete and excess inventory.

Property and
Equipment Property and
equipment is recorded at cost and depreciated or amortized using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the
asset (primarily three to five years) or the lease term,
whichever is shorter. Depreciation expense was 126,000,
 119,000, 125,000 and 3,571,000 for the years ended
June 30, 2002, 2003, 2004 and for the period from Inception
to June 30, 2004, respectively. When assets are disposed
of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
accounts. Repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as
incurred.

Revenue
Recognition Revenue from
grants and research agreements is recognized on a cost
reimbursement basis consistent with the performance requirements
of the related agreement. Revenue from product sales is
recognized when title to the product transfers to customers and
there are no remaining obligations that will affect the
customer s final acceptance of the sale. If there are
remaining obligations, including training and installation,
revenue is recognized upon completion of these obligations.
Revenue from achievement of milestone events, which to date has
not been material, is recognized when the funding party agrees
that the scientific or clinical results stipulated in the
agreement have been met and there are no other ongoing
obligations on the Company s part. Revenue from licensing
fees under licensing agreements is recognized as revenue when
there are no future performance obligations remaining with
respect to such fees.

Research and Development
Costs Research and
development costs are expensed as incurred. Such costs and
expenses related to programs under collaborative agreements with
other companies totaled 418,000 for the year ended
June 30, 2004 and 2,063,000 for the period from Inception
to June 30, 2004. There were no such costs and expenses for
years ended June 30, 2002 and 2003.

Stock
Compensation The Company
has adopted the disclosure provisions of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123, Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation (SFAS 123) applicable to
stock-based compensation. As permitted by SFAS 123, the
Company continues to apply Accounting Principles Board Opinion
No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees, (APB 25) and related interpretations and
does not recognize compensation expense for its employee
stock-based compensation plans as allowed by SFAS 123.

39

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

If Aastrom had elected to recognize compensation
cost based on the fair value of the options granted to employees
as prescribed by SFAS No. 123, the following proforma
operating results would have occurred using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model to determine the fair value of the options:

Year Ended June 30, 

2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2004 

Reported net loss

(7,939,000) 

(9,579,000) 

(10,488,000) 

Add: Stock-based employee compensation expense
 included in reported net loss

372,000 

Deduct: Stock-based employee compensation expense
 determined under fair value based method for all awards

(1,253,000) 

(829,000) 

(1,352,000) 

Pro forma net loss

(9,192,000) 

(10,408,000) 

(11,468,000) 

Earnings per share:

As reported

(.19) 

(.19) 

(.14) 

Pro forma

(.22) 

(.20) 

(.16) 

The fair value of options was estimated at the
date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with
the following assumptions;

Year Ended June 30, 

2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2004 

Dividend rate

None 

None 

None 

Expected stock price volatility

100 

120 

60 

Risk-free interest rate

4.0 - 4.8 

2.5 - 3.3 

3.1 - 3.9 

Expected life of options

5 years 

5 years 

5 years 

The weighted average fair value of options
granted during the years ended June 30, 2002, 2003 and 2004
was .80, .28 and 1.60 per share, respectively.

Income Taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for in
accordance with SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income
Taxes. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible
temporary differences and tax credit carryforwards and deferred
tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary
differences. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized, or the application of SFAS 109 does
not permit management to conclude thereunder that it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
assets will be realized.

Net Loss Per Share 
 Net loss per common share is computed
using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
during the period. Common equivalent shares are not included in
the per share calculation where the effect of their inclusion
would be anti-dilutive. The aggregate number of common
equivalent shares that have been excluded from the computations
of net loss per common share for the periods ended June 30,
2002, 2003 and 2004 is approximately 6,143,000, 5,144,000 and
10,104,661, respectively.

Use of
Estimates The preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses
during the reported period. Actual results could differ from
those estimates.

40

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Financial Instruments 
 The Company s financial
instruments include cash equivalents, accounts receivable and
accounts payable for which the current carrying amounts
approximate fair market value based upon their short term nature.

Long-Lived
Assets The Company reviews
its long-lived assets for impairment whenever an event or change
in circumstances indicates that the carrying values of an asset
may not be recoverable. If such an event or change in
circumstances occurs and potential impairment is indicated
because the carrying values exceed the estimated future
undiscounted cash flows of the asset, the Company would measure
the impairment loss as the amount by which the carrying value of
the asset exceeds its fair value. No significant impairment
losses have been identified by the Company for any of the
periods presented in the accompanying financial statements.

New Accounting
Standards In December
2003, the FASB issued a revision of FIN 46 (FIN 46R),
which clarified certain complexities of FIN 46 and
generally requires the adoption of all special-purpose entities
that qualify as variable interest entities no later than the end
of the first reporting period ending after December 15,
2003 and to all non special-purpose entities that qualify as
variable interest entities no later than the end of the first
reporting period ending after March 15, 2004. At
June 30, 2004, the Company did not have any entities that
require disclosure or new consolidation as a result of adopting
the provisions of FIN 46R.

2. 
 
 Selected Balance Sheet Information 

Receivables 
 Receivables are presented, net of
allowance for doubtful accounts of 31,000 and 7,000 at
June 30, 2003 and 2004, respectively.

Property and Equipment 
 Property and equipment consists of the
following:

June 30, 

2003 
 
 2004 

Machinery and equipment

1,538,000 

1,610,000 

Office equipment

965,000 

1,050,000 

Leasehold improvements

622,000 

622,000 

Equipment under lease to third parties

217,000 

217,000 

3,342,000 

3,499,000 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization

(3,040,000) 

(3,165,000) 

302,000 

334,000 

41

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Accounts Payable and Accrued
Expenses Accounts payable
and accrued expenses consists of the following:

June 30, 

2003 
 
 2004 

Accounts payable

251,000 

186,000 

Accrued expenses:

Clinical studies

13,000 

8,000 

Professional services

71,000 

87,000 

Manufacturing and engineering

5,000 

47,000 

Deferred revenue

9,000 

42,000 

Other

57,000 

12,000 

406,000 

382,000 

3. 
 
 Shareholders Equity 

Stock Option Plans 
 The Company has various stock option
plans (Option Plans) and agreements that provide for the
issuance of nonqualified and incentive stock options to acquire
up to 9,963,615 shares of common stock. Such options may be
granted by the Company s Board of Directors to certain of
the Company s employees, directors and consultants. The
exercise price of incentive stock options shall not be less than
the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. In the
case of individuals who are also holders of 10 or more of the
outstanding shares of common stock, the exercise price of
incentive stock options shall not be less than 110 of the fair
market value of the shares on the date of grant. The exercise
price of non-qualified stock options shall not be less than 85 
of the fair market value on the date of grant. Options granted
under these plans expire no later than ten years from the date
of grant and generally become exercisable ratably over a
four-year period following the date of grant. The Company also
grants non-qualified options to purchase 10,000 shares of
common stock to each outside director on the day following the
Annual Shareholders meeting or upon their appointment as a
director. These options generally vest over a one-year period
and expire ten years after the date of grant.

Following shareholder approval of the 2001 Stock
Option Plan the Company agreed that it would not grant
additional options under the 1992 Stock Option Plan or the 1996
Outside Director Stock Option Plan. Any shares that are issuable
upon expiration or cancellation of options previously granted
under the 1992 Stock Option Plan or the 1996 Outside Director
Stock Option Plan will not be available for future grants under
those plans or the 2001 Stock Option Plan.

The following table summarizes option activity:

Options Available 
 
 Weighted Average 
 
 Options 

Options 
 
 for Grant Under 
 
 Exercise Price 
 
 Exercisable 

Outstanding 
 
 Option Plans 
 
 Per Share 
 
 at Period End 

March 24, 1989 (Inception)

Options authorized

5,949,927 

Options canceled

(2,131,920) 

2,031,920 

4.25 

Options granted

6,027,401 

(5,927,401) 

2.33 

Options exercised

(1,847,619) 

.43 

Balance, June 30, 2001

2,047,862 

2,054,446 

2.03 

880,171 

42

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Options Available 
 
 Weighted Average 
 
 Options 

Options 
 
 for Grant Under 
 
 Exercise Price 
 
 Exercisable 

Outstanding 
 
 Option Plans 
 
 Per Share 
 
 at Period End 

Options authorized

2,100,000 

Options terminated with approval of 2001 Plan

(808,206) 

Options canceled

(412,324) 

412,324 

1.41 

Options granted

1,893,564 

(1,893,564) 

1.05 

Balance, June 30, 2002

3,529,102 

1,865,000 

1.58 

1,331,815 

Options authorized

Options terminated with approval of 2001 Plan

(254,080) 

Options canceled

(402,830) 

402,830 

1.56 

Options granted

1,223,650 

(1,223,650) 

.38 

Options exercised

(4,163) 

1.15 

Balance, June 30, 2003

4,345,759 

790,100 

1.24 

1,925,884 

Options authorized

2,000,000 

Options terminated with approval of 2001 Plan

(3,333) 

Options canceled

(203,333) 

203,333 

.41 

Options granted

819,000 

(819,000) 

1.60 

Options exercised

(5,000) 

1.20 

Balance, June 30, 2004

4,956,426 

2,171,100 

1.33 

3,118,094 

The following table summarizes information about
stock-based compensation plans as of June 30, 2004:

Weighted 

Average Exercise 

Number of 
 
 Remaining 

Price of 

Options 
 
 Contractual 
 
 Weighted Average 
 
 Number 
 
 Exercisable 

Range of Exercise Prices 
 
 Outstanding 
 
 Life Years 
 
 Exercise Price 
 
 Exercisable 
 
 Options 

.31 - .99

1,669,050 

7.5 

.56 

1,219,180 

.58 

1.05 - 1.91

2,443,776 

7.8 

1.29 

1,093,339 

1.15 

2.44 - 2.94

676,400 

6.2 

2.91 

638,375 

2.91 

3.20 - 4.75

167,200 

5.4 

3.24 

167,200 

3.24 

4,956,426 

1.33 

3,118,094 

1.41 

Effective July 1, 2000, the Company adopted
Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation Number 44 to
APB 25 (Interpretation No. 44) as it related to
options to purchase 759,000 shares of common stock
issued by the Company in December 1999 to certain employees.
Under this rule, a charge to expense is recorded for subsequent
increases in the market price of the Company s common stock
above 2.41. This charge continues until such options have been
exercised, forfeited or otherwise expire. During fiscal years
2002, 2003 and 2004, there was no charge to expense because the
Company s stock price did not exceed 2.41. At
June 30, 2004, options to purchase 317,000 of these
shares remain outstanding.

Employee Stock Purchase
Plan The Company has an
employee stock purchase plan under which eligible employees may
purchase common stock, at a discount to the market price,
through payroll deductions

43

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of up to 10 of the employee s base
compensation, subject to certain limitations, during sequential
24-month offering periods. Each offering period is divided into
four consecutive six-month purchase periods beginning on
March 1 and September 1 of each year. Unless otherwise
provided by the Board of Directors prior to the commencement of
an offering period, the price at which stock may be purchased
under the plan for such offering period is equal to 85 of the
lesser of the fair market value of the common stock on the first
day of such offering period or the last day of the purchase
period of such offering period. During the years ended
June 30, 2002, 2003 and 2004, 42,075 shares,
34,560 shares and 40,919 shares, respectively, of
common stock were purchased under this plan. From inception to
June 30, 2004, 192,474 shares were purchased under
this plan.

Stock Purchase Warrants Issued for
Services In August 2003,
the Company issued warrants to two individuals who performed
public and investor relation s services. Under the terms of
this agreement, the holders are entitled to
purchase 100,000 shares of common stock at 0.50
through August 4, 2004. As a result of this agreement the
Company recorded 53,000 in selling, general and administrative
expenses during the year ended June 30, 2004 which
represents the fair value of the warrants.

In August 2002, the Company issued a warrant to
SBI USA, LLC for investment banking services. The warrant
entitled the holder to purchase 2,000,000 shares of
common stock at 0.75 per share through August 23,
2003. As a result of the issuance of this warrant we recorded
 159,000 in selling, general and administrative expenses which
represents the fair value of the warrants. Subsequently, in
February 2003, by mutual agreement of both parties this warrant
was canceled. The Company has also agreed to issue warrants in
connection with two separate agreements for public and investor
relation s services. Under the terms of these agreements
one holder is entitled to purchase 600,000 shares of
common stock at 0.75 per share through December 19,
2004, and the other holder is entitled to
purchase 100,000 shares of common stock at 0.50
through February 4, 2004. As a result of these agreements
the Company recorded 176,000 in selling, general and
administrative expenses during the year ended June 30, 2003
which represents the fair value of the warrants. In addition,
the Company agreed, subject to a placement agreement to issue a
warrant to purchase 97,595 shares of common stock at
 0.91 through June 6, 2005. A placement was completed in
June 2003. The estimated fair value of these warrants was
 54,000 and they were recorded as common stock issuance costs
for the year ended June 30, 2003.

The fair value of all warrants issued in fiscal
year 2003 were determined at the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model at an expected stock price
volatility of 120 and risk-free interest rates that ranged from
1.25 to 1.87 . The fair value of all warrants issued in fiscal
year 2004 were determined at the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model at an expected stock price
volatility of 120 and a risk-free interest rate of 1.26 . These
warrants are issued in private transactions to investors who
agreed to acquire the warrants for investment purposes, such
that the transactions were exempt from shareholder approval and
registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.

Stock Purchase
Warrants In September
2003, we issued 5,058,824 shares of our common stock to
multiple private placement investors, for gross proceeds of
approximately 4,300,000. As part of this transaction, we issued
warrants to the private placement investors, exercisable for
4 years, or until July 9, 2007, to purchase up to
1,264,706 shares of common stock at 1.23, as well as
warrants to purchase up to 1,011,765 shares of common stock
at 1.50 per share prior to October 31, 2003. These
later warrants expired unexercised. In addition, warrants to
purchase 303,529 shares of common stock were issued to
a private placement agent, exercisable for 4 years, or
until July 9, 2007, at a price of 1.23.

In April 2004, we issued 8,000,000 shares of
our common stock through a registered direct offering to
institutional investors, for gross proceeds of approximately
 9,100,000. As part of this transaction, we issued warrants to
the institutional investors, exercisable for 5 years, or
until April 5, 2009, subject to mandatory exercise at our
option, in certain circumstances of stock price escalation after
April 5, 2006, to purchase up to

44

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2.4 million shares of common stock at an
exercise price of 1.65 per share. In addition, we issued
warrants to the placement agent, exercisable for 5 years,
or until April 5, 2009, subject to mandatory exercise at
our option, in certain circumstances of stock price escalation
after April 5, 2005, to purchase up to 560,000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of 1.65 per share.

Common Shares
Reserved As of
June 30, 2004, the Company has reserved shares of common
stock for future issuance as follows:

Issuance under stock option and stock purchase
 plans

30,657,707 

Issuance under stock purchase warrants

5,148,235 

35,805,942 

No cash dividends have ever been declared or paid.

4. 
 
 Income Taxes 

A reconciliation of income taxes computed using
the federal statutory rate to the taxes reported in our
consolidated statements of operations is as follows:

Year Ended June 30, 

2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2004 

Loss before income taxes

7,939,000 

9,579,000 

10,488,000 

Federal statutory rate

34 

34 

34 

Taxes computed at federal statutory rate

(2,699,000) 

(3,257,000) 

(3,566,000) 

State taxes, net of federal taxes

Increase (decrease) in taxes from:

Stock compensation

114,000 

145,000 

Other, net

5,000 

5,000 

5000 

Valuation allowance

2,694,000 

3,138,000 

3,416,000 

Reported income taxes

Deferred tax assets consist of the following:

June 30, 

2003 
 
 2004 

Net operating loss carryforwards

18,500,000 

16,650,000 

Research and development credit carryforwards

320,000 

485,000 

Inventory

368,000 

451,000 

Property and equipment

(180,000) 

(145,000) 

Other, net

(88,000) 

(84,000) 

Net deferred tax assets

18,920,000 

17,357,000 

Valuation allowance

(18,920,000) 

(17,357,000) 

Net deferred tax asset

Due to the historical losses incurred by the
Company, a full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets has
been provided. If the Company achieves profitability, these
deferred tax assets may be available to offset future income
taxes.

45

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company has issued shares of common stock in
prior years, which resulted in multiple ownership changes under
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Consequently, the
utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
is significantly limited due to the multiple ownership changes,
which have occurred. At June 30, 2004 the Company estimates
the maximum Federal tax net operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards, which could be utilized were 45,000,000 and
 500,000, respectively, which will expire from 2005 through
2025, if not utilized. The Company s ability to utilize its
net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may become
subject to further annual limitation in the event of future
change in ownership events.

5. Licenses,
Royalties and Collaborative Agreements and Commitments 

University of
Michigan In August 1989,
the Company entered into a research agreement with the
University of Michigan (the University). In March 1992, and as
provided for under the research agreement, the Company also
entered into a license agreement for the technology developed
under the research agreement. The license agreement, as amended,
provides for a royalty to be paid to the University equal to 2 
of net sales of products containing the licensed technology sold
by the Company. Such royalties have totaled approximately 1,300
since inception.

Corning
Incorporated In December
2002, the Company entered into an agreement with Corning
Incorporated that granted them an exclusive sublicense relating
to the Company s cell transfection technology. Under the
terms of the agreement, the Company retains exclusive rights to
the applications of the technologies involving cells for
therapeutic applications. The sublicense agreement also provided
for the Company to receive an up-front fee of 10,000 and a
one-time fee of 50,000 due thirty days after the one-year
anniversary of the effective date of the agreement. The upfront
fee was received in fiscal year 2003 and the anniversary fee was
received in fiscal year 2004. These fees were recorded as
research and development agreements revenue. In addition, the
agreement provides for future royalty payments on net sales of
licensed products sold under the sublicense amounting to 5 of
such sales up to 50 million. However, we do not expect to
receive material revenue from this source for several years, if
ever.

Musculoskeletal Transplant
Foundation In June 2003,
the Company entered into a strategic alliance with
Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation (MTF) to jointly
develop and commercialize treatments for the regeneration of
tissues such as bone and cartilage. Under the terms of the
alliance, the companies will provide each other with rights to
their technologies for treatments and products that are based on
combinations of MTF s matrices and Aastrom s Tissue
Repair Cells. The companies will share in development and
clinical trial expenses for these treatment approach products,
and will adopt a coordinated promotion and marketing strategy
for future products.

Manufacture, Supply and Other
Agreements The Company has
entered into various agreements relating to the manufacture of
its products and the supply of certain components. Pursuant to
one such agreement, the Company made annual renewal payments of
 1,000,000, due in advance, in March of each year during the
initial term of the agreement, which ended in 2001. The license
agreement was extended through March 2003, with no additional
annual renewal fees due. If the manufacturing or supply
agreements expire or otherwise terminated, we may not be able to
identify and obtain ancillary materials that are necessary to
develop our product and as such would have a material affect on
our business.

46

Table of Contents 

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

(a development stage company) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

6. 
 
 Operating Lease 

The Company leases its office and research
facility under an operating lease that expires December 31,
2004. Future minimum lease payments due under the non-cancelable
operating leases are as follows:

Operating 

Year Ending June 30, 
 
 Leases 

2005

316,000 

Rent expense for the years ended June 30,
2002, 2003 and 2004, was 547,000, 602,000 and 616,000,
respectively, and 5,079,000 for the period from Inception to
June 30, 2004.

7. 
 
 Employee Savings Plan 

The Company has a 401(k) savings plan that allows
participating employees to contribute up to 15 of their salary,
subject to annual limits and minimum qualifications. The Board
may, at its sole discretion, approve Company matching
contributions to the plan. The Company has made contributions of
 146,000, 109,000 and 121,000 for the years ended
June 30, 2002, 2003 and 2004, respectively and 376,000 for
the period Inception to June 30, 2004.

8. 
 
 Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 

Year Ended June 30, 2004 
 
 First Quarter 
 
 Second Quarter 
 
 Third Quarter 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 
 Fiscal Year 

Revenues

300,000 

376,000 

416,000 

210,000 

1,302,000 

Loss from operations

(2,886,000) 

(2,440,000) 

(2,528,000) 

(2,803,000) 

(10,657,000) 

Net loss

(2,838,000) 

(2,403,000) 

(2,500,000) 

(2,747,000) 

(10,488,000) 

Net loss per common share

(.04) 

(.03) 

(.03) 

(.03) 

(.14) 

Year Ended June 30, 2003 
 
 First Quarter 
 
 Second Quarter 
 
 Third Quarter 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 
 Fiscal Year 

Revenues

93,000 

296,000 

280,000 

175,000 

844,000 

Loss from operations

(2,493,000) 

(2,320,000) 

(2,132,000) 

(2,768,000) 

(9,713,000) 

Net loss

(2,452,000) 

(2,287,000) 

(2,102,000) 

(2,738,000) 

(9,579,000) 

Net loss per common share

(.05) 

(.05) 

(.04) 

(.05) 

(.19) 

The summation of quarterly earnings per share
computations may not equate to the year-end computation as the
quarterly computations are performed on a discrete basis.

47

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with
 Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There are none to report.

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman, and our Senior Vice President Administrative and
Financial Operations and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as
such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, and our
Senior Vice President Administrative and Financial Operations
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the
period covered by this annual report. During the fourth quarter
ended June 30, 2004, there has been no change in our
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that has materially
affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our
internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

Not applicable.

48

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Certain information required by Part III is
omitted from this Report, and is incorporated by reference to
our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in
connection with our 2004 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be
held on November 10, 2004.

Item 10. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the
 Registrant 

The information relating to our directors is
incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement as set forth
under the caption Election of Directors. Information
relating to our executive officers is set forth in Part I
of this Report under the caption Executive Officers of
Aastrom. 

Information with respect to delinquent filings
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is incorporated
by reference to the Proxy Statement as set forth under the
caption Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance. 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

The information relating to executive
compensation is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement
under the caption Executive Compensation and Other
Matters. 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
 Owners and Management 

The information relating to ownership of our
equity securities by certain beneficial owners and management is
incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement as set forth
under the caption General Information Stock
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related
 Transactions 

The information relating to certain relationships
and related transactions is incorporated by reference to the
Proxy Statement under the captions Certain
Transactions and Compensation Committee Interlocks
and Insider Participation. 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and
 Services 

The information relating to certain relationships
and related transactions is incorporated by reference to the
Proxy Statement under the caption Ratification of
Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm. 

49

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement
 Schedule 

(a) The following documents are filed as
part of this Report:

1. Financial Statements (see Item 8).

2. All information is included in the
 Financial Statements or Notes thereto.

3. Exhibits:

See Exhibit Index.

50

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant
has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC.

By: 
 
 /s/ R. DOUGLAS ARMSTRONG, PH.D.

R. Douglas Armstrong, Ph.D.

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: September 9, 2004

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below on
September 9, 2004 by the following persons in the
capacities indicated.

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ R. DOUGLAS ARMSTRONG, PH.D. 
 R. Douglas Armstrong, Ph.D.

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ ALAN M. WRIGHT 
 Alan M. Wright

Senior Vice President Administrative and
 Financial 
 Operations and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

/s/ LINDA M. FINGERLE 
 Linda M. Fingerle

Director

/s/ ARTHUR F. STAUBITZ 
 Arthur F. Staubitz

Director

/s/ JOSEPH A. TAYLOR 
 Joseph A. Taylor

Director

/s/ SUSAN L. WYANT 
 Susan L. Wyant

Director

51

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Number 
 
 Notes 

3 
 .1 

H 

Restated Articles of Incorporation of Aastrom, as
 amended

3 
 .2 

A 

Bylaws, as amended.

10 
 .1# 

A 

Form of Indemnification Agreement.

10 
 .2# 

A 

Amended and Restated 1992 Incentive and
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan and forms of agreements
 thereunder.

10 
 .3# 

A 

1996 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan and
 forms of agreements thereunder.

10 
 .4# 

A 

1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and form of
 agreement thereunder.

10 
 .20# 

A 

Form of Employment Agreement.

10 
 .21 

A 

License Agreement, dated July 17, 1992,
 between J.G. Cremonese and Aastrom and related addenda thereto
 dated July 14, 1992 and July 7, 1993.

10 
 .24+ 

A 

License and Supply Agreement, dated April 1,
 1996, between Immunex Corporation and Aastrom.

10 
 .26 

A 

License Agreement, dated March 13, 1992,
 between Aastrom and the University of Michigan and amendments
 thereto dated March 13, 1992, October 8, 1993 and
 June 21, 1995.

10 
 .27# 

A 

Employee Proprietary Information and Invention
 Agreement, effective June 1, 1991, between Aastrom and R.
 Douglas Armstrong, Ph.D.

10 
 .40 

B 

Amendment to License and Supply Agreement, dated
 August 25, 1997, between Immunex Corporation and Aastrom.

10 
 .46# 

C 

Executive Retention and Severance Agreement,
 dated February 2, 1999, between Aastrom and R. Douglas
 Armstrong.

10 
 .55# 

D 

Pay to Stay Severance Agreement between R.
 Douglas Armstrong, Ph.D. and Aastrom dated October 15,
 1999.

10 
 .63# 

E 

Agreement Regarding Pay-to-Stay, by and between
 Aastrom and R. Douglas Armstrong, Ph.D. dated
 April 28, 2000.

10 
 .65# 

E 

Agreement Regarding Pay-to-Stay, by and between
 Aastrom and Brian S. Hampson dated April 28, 2000.

10 
 .66# 

E 

Form of Retention Bonus Agreement, by and between
 Aastrom and Brian S. Hampson

10 
 .67# 

E 

Form of Relocation Bonus Agreement, by and
 between Aastrom and Brian S. Hampson

10 
 .70 

F 

Seventh Amendment to Office Lease.

10 
 .72# 

F 

Aastrom Biosciences 2001 Stock Option Plan.

10 
 .73# 

G 

Employment Agreement with Alan Wright

10 
 .74# 

G 

Retention Bonus Agreement with Alan Wright

10 
 .76 

G 

Master Supply Agreement with Astro
 Instrumentation, LLC

10 
 .77 

Supply Agreement between Aastrom and Moll
 Industries, Inc., dated December 16, 2003

21 

Subsidiaries of Registrant.

23 
 .1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm.

31 

Rules 13a-14(a) and 14d-14(a) Certifications.

32 

Section 1350 Certifications.

A

Incorporated by reference to Aastrom s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-15415),
 declared effective on February 3, 1997.

B

Incorporated by reference to Aastrom s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
 1997, as filed on September 25, 1997.

C

Incorporated by reference to Aastrom s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
 1999, as filed on September 20, 1999.

D

Incorporated by reference to Aastrom s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 December 31, 1999, as filed on February 14, 2000.

Table of Contents 

E

Incorporated by reference to Aastrom s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
 2000, as filed on September 22, 2000.

F

Incorporated by reference to Aastrom s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
 2002, as filed on September 30, 2002.

G

Incorporated by reference to Aastrom s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
 2003, as filed on September 17, 2003.

H

Incorporated by reference to Aastrom s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 September 30, 2003

+

Confidential treatment has been requested as to a
 portion of this exhibit.

#

Management contract or compensatory plan or
 arrangement covering executive officers or directors of Aastrom.

Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE II 

VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

Years Ended June 30, 

2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2004 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: 

Balance at beginning of year

34,000 

34,000 

31,000 

Additions charged to income

4,000 

Write-offs, net of recoveries

(3,000) 

(28,000) 

Balance at end of year

34,000 

31,000 

7,000 

Years Ended June 30, 

2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2004 

Reserve for Obsolescence and Excess
 Inventory: 

Balance at beginning of year

202,000 

950,000 

Additions charged to income

202,000 

748,000 

253,000 

Reductions

Balance at end of year

202,000 

950,000 

1,203,000 

<EX-10.77>
 2
 a01800exv10w77.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.77

EXHIBIT 10.77

 SUPPLY AGREEMENT

 BETWEEN

 AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC.

 AND

 MOLL INDUSTRIES, INC.
 
 SUPPLY AGREEMENT

 THIS SUPPLY AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made effective as of February
28, 2004 (the "Effective Date") by and between Aastrom Biosciences, Inc., a
Michigan corporation with principal offices at Domino's Farms, Lobby L, Ann
Arbor, Michigan 48106 ("AASTROM") and Moll Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation with offices at 13455 Noel Rd., Suite 1420, Dallas, TX 75240 37086
("MOLL").

 W I T N E S S E T H:

 WHEREAS, AASTROM is developing medical devices to implement proprietary
cell production processes for cellular therapy procedures;

 WHEREAS, such development work has led to the development by AASTROM of
the AastromReplicell System(R), a proprietary medical device for the production
of human stem cells (the "AastromReplicell System"), consisting in part of
single-use, sterile culture chambers;

 WHEREAS, MOLL has expertise and experience in plastic injection molding,
in general, and in the production and assembly of plastic parts for products
that are classified as medical devices under the regulations of the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration (the "FDA"), in particular;

 WHEREAS, AASTROM and MOLL were parties to the Prior Agreement (as defined
below) under which MOLL manufactured and supplied Cell Cassettes (as defined
below) and Components (as defined below) to AASTROM that were manufactured in
accordance with the Specifications (as defined below);

 WHEREAS, in consideration of MOLL's expertise and stated intention to be a
cost effective and a capable manufacturer and supplier of Cell Cassettes and
Components, AASTROM desires for MOLL to be a manufacturer of such Cell Cassettes
and Components throughout the Term of this Agreement, and MOLL desires to be
such supplier for such period.

 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and the mutual
undertakings hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable
consideration given by AASTROM and MOLL to each other, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, AASTROM and MOLL, intending to be
legally bound, agree as follows:

SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS.

 The terms set forth below when used with capital letters shall have the
meanings set forth below. Other terms are defined in the Sections of this
Agreement pertinent to their definitions.

(a) "The Act" The Act shall mean the Federal Food, Drug and
 Cosmetics Act, 21 U.S.C. 301, et seq. (1938), as
 amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
 thereunder.

 1
 
(b) "Cell Cassette(s)" Cell Cassette shall mean a single-use, sterile
 cell culture chamber consisting of plastic
 injection molded and other parts made, assembled
 and encased in a plastic injection molded cassette
 manufactured in accordance with the DMR and as
 more particularly described in the Specifications
 and used in the AastromReplicell System or similar
 products made by or for AASTROM, and all
 improvements and modifications to Components
 thereof that are intended to replace the then
 current Components.

(c) "Component(s)" Component shall mean any component part of a Cell
 Cassette (e.g., the individual injection molded
 pieces, bioreactor assembly or fluid pathway
 tubing assembly) as more particularly described in
 the Specifications.

(d) "Confidential
 Information" Confidential Information shall mean any and all
 technical and non-technical information,
 (including information disclosed by AASTROM under
 the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement between
 the Parties dated December 22, 1993 or in
 furtherance of the Prior Agreement), data,
 techniques, manufacturing procedures, know-how,
 discoveries, inventions, trade secrets,
 improvements or innovations that are maintained as
 proprietary and confidential by the Party owning
 or controlling the same; but Confidential
 Information shall not include information that (i)
 the Recipient can clearly demonstrate to have been
 in its possession at the time Confidential
 Information is disclosed to it, provided that,
 such information is not known by the Recipient to
 be subject to another confidentiality agreement
 with, or under other obligation of secrecy to, the
 Disclosing Party or another party, or (ii) becomes
 generally available to the public other than as a
 result of a disclosure by the Recipient, its
 agents or employees, or (iii) becomes available to
 the Recipient on a non-confidential basis from a
 source other than the Disclosing Party, provided
 that, the Recipient does not know, or have reason
 to know, that such source is bound by a
 confidentiality agreement with, or other
 obligation of secrecy to the Disclosing Party or
 another party, or (iv) the Recipient can clearly
 demonstrate to have developed itself independent
 of the Confidential Information, or (v) the
 Disclosing Party consents in writing may be
 disclosed by the Recipient.

(e) "Disclosing Party" Disclosing Party shall mean the Party disclosing
 Confidential Information.

(f) "DMR" DMR shall mean the Device Master Record for the
 Cell Cassette consisting of a compilation of
 records containing the procedures and
 specifications for a finished device including the
 complete

 2
 
 manufacturing procedures and specification with
 the necessary quality assurance requirements and
 labeling and packaging requirements.

(g) "Equipment" Equipment shall mean the molds and other equipment
 listed on Appendix I, annexed hereto, and
 categorized as being provided either by AASTROM or
 by MOLL. AASTROM Equipment shall also include any
 equipment procured by MOLL for manufacture of the
 Cell Cassettes in accordance with Section
 21(b)(1).

(h) "cGMPs" cGMPs shall mean the then-current Good
 Manufacturing Practices (QSR) set out in 21 CFR
 Part 820, et seq. applicable to a Class III
 medical device that -- --- govern the methods used
 in, and the facilities and controls used for the
 design, manufacturing, packaging, labeling,
 storage, installation, and servicing of all
 finished devices intended for human use.

(i) "Initial Term" Initial Term shall have the meaning set forth in
 Section 17.

(j) "ISO" ISO (the International Standards Organization) is
 a worldwide federation of national standards
 bodies (ISO member bodies).

(k) "Party or "Parties" Party shall mean either AASTROM or MOLL, and
 Parties shall mean both AASTROM and MOLL.

(l) "Prior Agreement" Prior Agreement shall mean that certain
 Collaborative Supply Agreement dated December 16,
 1996 between the Parties.

(m) "Recipient" Recipient shall mean the Party receiving
 Confidential Information.

(n) "Requirements" Requirements shall mean the rolling four-month
 firm forecast to be provided by AASTROM under
 Section 3(a), below, of AASTROM's then-current
 requirements for Cell Cassettes during the Term.

(o) "Shipment Lot" On a quarterly basis, concurrently with the
 provision by AASTROM of its rolling twelve-month
 forecast, the Parties shall mutually review and by
 mutual written consent will specify the number of
 Cell Cassettes that constitute a Shipment Lot, for
 the purchase order to be submitted by AASTROM
 during such quarter, considering volume
 requirements and anticipated delivery schedules.
 The mutually agreed upon quantity constituting the
 Shipment Lot shall be reflected in each purchase
 order submitted by AASTROM.

(p) "Specifications" Specifications shall mean the written
 specifications for the manufacture of Cell
 Cassettes and Components (including without
 limitation the criteria for labeling and
 packaging, including

 3
 
 graphics, and quality assurance requirements)
 annexed hereto as Appendix II, as such
 Specifications may be changed pursuant to Section
 6, below.

(q) "Term" Term shall mean the period of time from the
 Effective Date until the date upon which this
 Agreement expires or is earlier terminated
 pursuant to Section 17, below.

(r) "UCC" UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted
 by the State of New York and in effect during the
 Term.

SECTION 2. PURCHASE AND SALE.

 AASTROM shall purchase from MOLL AASTROM's Requirements of Cell Cassettes,
and MOLL shall manufacture, assemble and sell to AASTROM all of AASTROM's
purchase orders for Cell Cassettes and Components, subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement including, without limitation, AASTROM's rights to
terminate this Agreement in whole or in part pursuant to Sections 6 or 17,
below, and its rights to utilize alternate suppliers of Cell Cassettes and
Components pursuant to Sections 3(b), 4(d), 17 or 18 below.

SECTION 3. FORECASTS; DELIVERY; SHIPMENT.

(a) Rolling Forecasts. At the beginning of each calendar quarter during the
Term, AASTROM shall provide MOLL with a rolling forecast of the anticipated
quantity of each model of Cell Cassettes AASTROM intends to purchase from MOLL
during each month of the following twelve-month period. The quantities given for
the first four months of each twelve-month rolling forecast shall be firm orders
for the immediately succeeding four months (i.e., a forecast given on January
1st would be deemed firm for the period May 1 - August 31) and AASTROM shall
issue its purchase order therefor and note on such purchase order the number of
units it will require for lot testing in accordance with Section 3(g), the
method of shipment and AASTROM destination for delivery, the scheduled delivery
date and the required documentation to be included with the Shipment Lot. MOLL
shall have no obligation to purchase materials or supplies without a purchase
order from AASTROM except as is necessary to meet AASTROM's forecasted
requirements. AASTROM shall pay MOLL for labor, materials, supplies and direct
costs (as set forth in Appendix III) expended by MOLL to fill purchase orders by
AASTROM for Cell Cassettes in the event that they are not used to fulfill such
purchase orders. Quantities forecasted beyond the four-month firm-order period
are for planning purposes only.

(b) No Limit on Sales. MOLL has no right to limit its sales of Cell Cassettes or
Components to AASTROM to a maximum number of units for any period; provided
that, the volume of Cell Cassettes and Components ordered is reasonable in the
light of forecasted amounts and previous delivery schedules. MOLL shall have
adequate capacity to meet AASTROM's then-current total firm-order requirements
as forecasted pursuant to Section 3(a), above. MOLL will take all steps to put
in place additional adequate capacity, if needed, to meet AASTROM's future
requirements as forecasted by AASTROM in accordance with Section 3(a), above;
provided that, the Parties shall cooperate to afford a reasonable transition to
the availability of such additional capacity. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement (specifically including Sections 2 and

 4
 
18), if MOLL is unable to meet AASTROM's requirements for Cell Cassettes
(including any request for an increase in production by AASTROM at any time
during the Term of this Agreement), AASTROM may thereafter utilize one or more
third party manufacturers for all or a portion of AASTROM's requirements for
Cell Cassettes. Furthermore, even if Moll is unable to produce entire Cell
Cassettes, Moll shall be obligated to supply components to AASTROM's Alternate
Supplier.

(c) No Liens. MOLL will deliver Cell Cassettes to AASTROM free and clear of all
liens, claims and encumbrances.

(d) Delivery. MOLL shall deliver Cell Cassettes, and upon AASTROM's request, any
certifications, manufacturing records and test reports as are required for
AASTROM to accept or reject Cell Cassettes under this Section 3, pursuant to
delivery schedules in AASTROM's purchase orders; provided, that, such schedules
are reasonable in light of forecasted amounts and previous delivery schedules.
Delivery schedules in AASTROM's purchase orders shall not be less than fifteen
(15) days after the date of submission by AASTROM of the purchase order without
MOLL's consent. In the event that AASTROM submits a purchase order in excess of
its forecasted requirements for said quarter, MOLL agrees to employ good faith
efforts to supply such larger quantity of Cell Cassettes within such a
reasonable period of time, as the Parties shall mutually agree. MOLL shall not
deliver Cell Cassettes more than ten (10) days prior to scheduled delivery dates
without AASTROM's prior consent. MOLL shall not be responsible for failure to
meet agreed-upon delivery dates if due to reasons of force Majeure as set forth
in Section 20, below or if delays are caused by Aastrom-specified
material/component suppliers or service providers outside of Moll's control.. In
the event of partial failure to deliver, MOLL will have the right to receive
payment pro rata for Cell Cassettes in fact delivered and not rejected by
AASTROM under Section 3(f), below.

(e) Shipment. MOLL shall make shipment to AASTROM's designated U.S. locations,
in accordance with AASTROM's purchase orders, F.O.B. destination. Risk of loss
or damage in transit shall remain with MOLL until delivered to the destination
specified by AASTROM. AASTROM shall notify MOLL within five (5) business days
after receipt if there are any shortages or evidence of damage in transit and
will cooperate with MOLL in any claim for loss or damage in transit that MOLL
makes against a carrier. The method and route of shipment are at AASTROM's
discretion as set forth in its purchase order. MOLL will prepay all costs,
insurance premiums, freight and other expenses incurred in shipment until
delivered to the destination specified by AASTROM and such shipping costs shall
be reimbursed by AASTROM at MOLL's cost without mark-up. If AASTROM defaults in
payment for Cell Cassettes, MOLL may suspend further shipments; however,
continuation of shipments does not constitute a waiver of such default.

(f) Acceptance Procedures. Delivery of each Cell Cassette unit shall be deemed
accepted by AASTROM unless MOLL is notified in writing of AASTROM's rejection of
such delivery within ninety (90) days after the delivery date (the "Acceptance
Period") due to non-conformance with the Specifications. In such case, AASTROM
shall provide MOLL with a written notice of rejection setting forth in detail
the reason for rejection and return the rejected Shipment Lot, or portion
thereof, to MOLL at MOLL's expense for repair or replacement. Upon receipt of
AASTROM's notice of rejection and return of such Shipment Lot of part thereof,

 5
 
MOLL shall (i) within ten (10) business days thereafter, provide AASTROM with a
root-cause analysis and suggested corrective/preventative actions; and (ii)
diligently replace the nonconforming Shipment Lot or part thereof by delivery of
non-defective conforming units within a reasonable time (not to exceed thirty
(30) calendar days after notification) and endeavor to resolve the issues
related to the rejection. MOLL shall credit against the purchase price of Cell
Cassettes and Components, AASTROM's out of pocket costs of testing, including,
without limitation, destructive testing of failed Shipment Lots. AASTROM shall
invoice MOLL for such costs, which shall be subject to reasonable audit by MOLL
or its representative. MOLL reserves the right, at MOLL's expense, to have one
or more representatives present at any inspection conducted by AASTROM and to
verify the results of any such inspection and rejection of Shipment Lots. MOLL
shall have the right to use conforming units or parts therefrom as replacement
units provided that such units or parts therefrom are in conformance with
Specifications. In the event MOLL cannot resolve all nonconformities and deliver
conforming replacement Cell Cassettes as required herein MOLL shall issue to
AASTROM a credit for the price of each unit rejected and AASTROM may pursue its
remedies pursuant to this Agreement, including but not limited to Section 17,
below. AASTROM shall pay for repair or replacement for defective Cell Cassettes
(or shall not receive a credit therefor) only to the extent that rejection is
due to a defective component supplied directly by AASTROM. In the event that
MOLL's delivery of Cell Cassettes fails to conform to the quantity specified in
AASTROM's purchase order, AASTROM may, but shall not be obligated to, accept
such partial shipment and MOLL shall deliver any shortfall in delivery quantity
within five (5) calendar days. Notwithstanding the foregoing, AASTROM agrees to
accept partial shipments from MOLL provided that the quantity delivered is at
least ninety percent (90 of the quantity specified in AASTROM's purchase
order, but only if AASTROM may readily use such partial shipment for its
intended purposes, and AASTROM also agrees to use commercially reasonable
efforts to accept partial shipments of quantities of less than ninety percent
(90 of the quantity specified in AASTROM's purchase order, but only if AASTROM
may readily use such partial shipment for its intended purpose(s). Any
acceptance of partial shipments by AASTROM shall not be deemed to waive
AASTROM's remedies under Section 17(d) and AASTROM shall be entitled to a
payment credit reflecting the extent of such unit shortfall under a partial
shipment. In the event MOLL fails to deliver any shortfall in quantity within
such five (5) day period, AASTROM may pursue its remedies pursuant to this
Agreement.

(g) Lot Testing. During the Acceptance Period, AASTROM shall have the right, but
not the obligation, to conduct lot testing on a statistically significant number
of units from each Shipment Lot. At the time of submission of AASTROM's purchase
orders in accordance with Section 3(a), AASTROM shall note on such purchase
order the number of units it requires for lot testing. Notwithstanding Section
4(a), MOLL agrees to provide such testing units to AASTROM at MOLL's cost to
manufacture such units (without mark-up) provided that the number of units
requested does not exceed 10 of the number of units ordered, and provided
further that any units provided by MOLL for lot testing shall not be resold by
AASTROM. Any lot testing conducted by AASTROM pursuant to this Section shall not
be deemed to relieve MOLL of any of its warranties or obligations hereunder.

 6
 
SECTION 4. PRICES.

(a) Cell Cassette Prices. Prices for Cell Cassettes purchased during the Term
shall be determined as shown in Appendix III, hereto. Prices are exclusive of
all taxes of any nature imposed by any governmental authority, except taxes
imposed on the income or profits of MOLL. All such taxes shall be for AASTROM's
account, whether or not collected, advanced or paid by MOLL, and shall be paid
by AASTROM, without mark-up, upon MOLL's invoice, unless AASTROM timely provides
proper tax exemption documents.

(b) Component Order and Prices. From time to time throughout the Term, AASTROM
may submit to MOLL purchase orders for Components and MOLL shall manufacture and
sell to AASTROM such Components in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
for the manufacture of Cell Cassettes, as they may be applicable, excepting only
the provisions of Sections 3(a) with regard to references to AASTROM's
obligation to forecast and purchase its specific Requirements from MOLL. Prices
for any Components purchased by AASTROM during the Term shall be quoted
separately by MOLL at the time of order with such quoted price not to exceed
MOLL's actual manufacturing costs to produce such Components, multiplied by the
applicable Mark-Up Rates (as set forth in Appendix III) then in effect for the
forecasted annual volume of Cell Cassettes to be purchased by AASTROM.

(c) Best Diligent Efforts. At all times during the Term of this Agreement, MOLL
shall use its best diligent efforts to manufacture Cell Cassettes, procure
components and perform other services as provided in this Agreement at the
lowest cost reasonably practicable. Furthermore, subject to Section 21 below, it
is the explicit understanding of the parties that MOLL will, on a proactive
basis and at no additional cost to AASTROM, seek out additional methods and
means that will lead to reduced costs, quality improvements and increased
efficiency with regard to the manufacture of Cell Cassettes. AASTROM will
reasonably cooperate with MOLL on such cost saving efforts.

(d) Cost Competitive. If AASTROM reasonably believes that MOLL is not remaining
cost competitive, AASTROM may obtain a quote from another qualified supplier to
manufacture the Cell Cassettes (AASTROM will provide MOLL with the source and
supporting information for the price quote for MOLL's review). If such a quote
is ten percent (10 or more lower than MOLL's price under this Agreement, MOLL
shall either reduce the price to the quoted price within a reasonable time
period (not to exceed sixty (60) days) or AASTROM may thereafter utilize one or
more third party manufacturers for all or a portion of AASTROM's Requirements
for Cell Cassettes (notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 2 and 18). In
order to be considered "qualified", an alternate supplier must be an
established, viable medical contract manufacturer with a multi-year track record
of good performance with respect to FDA regulations, cGMP's, and ISO
certification and must guarantee the new lower price throughout the period
covered by this contract. Aastrom will be limited to a maximum of two of these
competitive price challenge events during the period covered by this contract
and must have placed orders for at least 150 cassettes/month for six consecutive
months before initiating the first competitive price challenge.

 7
 
SECTION 5. PAYMENT AND COLLECTION.

(a) Payment. AASTROM shall pay MOLL the full amount of the purchase price of
Cell Cassettes upon the due date set forth on MOLL's invoice; provided, however
invoices for Cell Cassettes rightfully rejected by AASTROM shall not be due
unless and until repair or replacement units are provided by MOLL. With respect
to Cell Cassettes and Components, terms of payment shall be net 30 days from the
date of delivery by MOLL pursuant to Section 3, above, and the submission by
MOLL of an itemized invoice in the form attached hereto in Appendix IV including
the purchase price for such Cell Cassettes calculated in accordance with
Appendix III, together with such supporting documents as AASTROM may reasonably
request. Accounts unpaid beyond their due date will bear interest at 1 per
month on the unpaid balance. If payment by AASTROM is improperly withheld and
MOLL retains an agency and/or attorneys to collect amounts overdue, all
collection costs, including without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees,
shall be payable by AASTROM.

(b) Deductions from Invoice. AASTROM will promptly notify MOLL of any disputed
invoice. It is the intention of the Parties that disputed invoices will be
settled by the Parties in good faith negotiations prior to the invoice due date.
However, unless MOLL issues a credit memo, or unless AASTROM rightfully rejects
Cell Cassettes or notifies MOLL of its acceptance of a partial shipment pursuant
to Section 3(f), AASTROM shall make full payment of MOLL invoices for accepted
Cell Cassettes without deduction and regardless of any claim, counterclaim or
setoff AASTROM may have against MOLL, except as such setoff may otherwise be
permitted under Appendix III, Section 3(f) or Section 12(d). Any such claim,
counterclaim or setoff shall be resolved exclusively as a separate matter
pursuant to Section 24, below.

(c) Relief for Non-Payment. In the event payment for Cell Cassettes becomes past
due, MOLL will have the option, in addition to any other rights it may have
under the UCC or otherwise, in its sole, absolute discretion, to cancel or delay
shipment or orders of AASTROM previously accepted, to declare all sums owing
from AASTROM to be immediately due and payable, and to cancel credit previously
extended.

SECTION 6. SPECIFICATIONS, DMR AND CHANGES.

(a) Specifications. MOLL shall manufacture and assemble Cell Cassettes to the
then-current Specifications and no part of MOLL's responsibility may be
subcontracted without the prior written consent of AASTROM.

(b) Establish DMR. As further described in Section 9, MOLL shall prepare and
maintain a DMR covering the manufacture of the Cell Cassettes from the
Specifications, other requirements and technical information to be provided by
AASTROM, and manufacturing and quality processes and procedures established by
MOLL. AASTROM shall review and approve the DMR to assure that it accurately
reflects the Specifications.

(c) Specification and DMR Changes. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, MOLL shall not have the right to change the
Specifications without the prior written consent of AASTROM. If AASTROM desires
to change the Specifications or any part of the DMR, AASTROM shall submit the
proposed change to MOLL, setting forth a detailed

 8
 
description and drawings thereof. Subject to Section 6(d), the Parties shall
work in good faith as expeditiously as is reasonable to reach a determination on
the effect that such change will have, if any, on quantities, quality criteria,
price and delivery dates.

(d) Implementation of Specifications Changes. If AASTROM proposes a change to
the Specifications and if such change is currently able to be manufactured, then
MOLL will either (i) implement such change into its manufacture of the Cell
Cassettes and/or Components, with an appropriate increase or decrease to the
price thereof based upon the effect of such change, or (ii) refuse to implement
such change, in which case AASTROM shall have the right, without liability, in
accordance with Section 17(b), below, to terminate this Agreement on a
prospective basis for all Requirements incorporating the changed Specifications
that have not yet been submitted on purchase orders. The Parties will cooperate
to implement changes to Specifications in an orderly manner and to afford MOLL a
reasonable transition time to the extent necessary to effect such Specification
changes.

(e) Other Changes. AASTROM may cancel or change quantities or delivery dates
under any purchase order upon terms that make MOLL whole for its costs in
respect of materials and work-in-process as set forth in Section 3(a).

(f) Returns. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement including, without
limitation, as provided in Sections 3(f) and 12(a), below, in no case may Cell
Cassettes be returned to MOLL without first obtaining MOLL's written consent
which will not be unreasonably withheld.

SECTION 7. MOLL'S FACILITIES AND MANUFACTURING ENVIRONMENT.

 With respect to its manufacturing facilities and assembly obligations
applicable to the production of Cell Cassettes, MOLL shall:

(a) be registered with the FDA as a Medical Device Establishment to the extent
required by the Act. As such, MOLL will maintain facility registrations and
inspection records required by the FDA;

(b) have and maintain a Class 100,000 certified assembly area operating at less
than 20,000 particulate-count and arrange for annual certification to be
conducted by an independent testing service. A routine monitoring plan, to
include at least monthly testing, will also be established and performed by MOLL
(the foregoing routine monitoring plan shall be subject to AASTROM's approval,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld);

(c) maintain adequate personnel and facilities, including but not limited to
sufficient engineering support and assembly resources to support the manufacture
of Cell Cassettes ordered by AASTROM. MOLL will provide AASTROM annually with a
project plan to meet AASTROM's forecast Requirements and AASTROM will provide
timely comments thereon;

(d) manufacture and assemble all of the Cell Cassettes in compliance with GMPs
as required by the Act; provided that, AASTROM, as the owner of the DMR, shall
have the responsibility for approving the DMR and any changes thereto as
established by MOLL in accordance with Section 9, below;

 9
 
(e) shall be certified under an acceptable international quality management
system (e.g., ISO 13485 or 13488) and at all times during this Agreement shall
maintain their quality management system certification;

(f) together with the Equipment to be provided by AASTROM, provide and maintain
adequate manufacturing Equipment to perform its obligations under Section 6 of
this Agreement;

(g) have and maintain adequate procedures for procurement, acceptance, supplier
quality audits and material control of all component parts to be used or
incorporated in Cell Cassettes;

(h) report to AASTROM in writing any known adverse events, circumstances or
potential problems relating to MOLL's FDA registration or its EC certifications
referred to in Section 7(e), above;

(i) allow AASTROM and its agents, at their own cost and risk, to review and
inspect MOLL's facilities, FDA compliance files and correspondence to and from
the FDA and notified bodies applicable to this Agreement; and

(j) maintain files of all Cell Cassette-related complaints received by MOLL from
AASTROM and conduct failure investigations, including establishing written
records with conclusions and corrective measures, for all such Cell Cassettes
complaints involving a failure to meet Specifications.

SECTION 8. MOLL MANUFACTURING PROCEDURES.

 MOLL's obligation to manufacture Cell Cassettes shall be to deliver Cell
Cassettes as described in Section 6(a), above and in accordance with the DMR.
Without expanding or diminishing that obligation, and for purposes of
illustration only, it is contemplated by the Parties that such obligation shall
encompass:

(a) injection molding and processing the main Components of the bioreactor
device for the Cell Cassette including any sonic or RF welding and vacuum plasma
surface treatment operations;

(b) assembling the aforesaid bioreactor devices utilizing fixtures provided by
AASTROM, or alternative fixtures as developed;

(c) injection molding components of the Cell Cassette fluid pathway tubing
assembly;

(d) assembly of the fluid pathway tubing assembly;

(e) injection molding non-fluid contact enclosure components for the Cell
Cassette using molds supplied by AASTROM;

(f) procuring the waste reservoir and media supply enclosure from an
AASTROM-approved source;

 10
 
(g) assembling the enclosure, the waste reservoir and media supply enclosure,
the bioreactor and the fluid pathway tubing assembly described in Sections 8(d),
(e), (b), (c), and (f) above, respectively;

(h) performing testing in accordance with the DMR;

(i) validating Cell Cassettes to the applicable sterilization assurance level;
and

(j) performing on-going vendor audits and validation procedures, as required by
GMPs, and conducting a reasonable incoming inspection of purchased components
for compliance with Specifications.

SECTION 9. OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES.

(a) Other Responsibilities of MOLL. In connection with MOLL's manufacturing and
assembly obligations under this Agreement, MOLL shall:

 (1) prepare and maintain the DMR in accordance with the then-current
manufacturing Specifications and the criteria for testing the Cell Cassette, all
to be provided by AASTROM. Manufacturing documentation shall be owned by AASTROM
and shall consist of: (i) the DMR documentation; (ii) documentation of
Specifications and drawings for Cell Cassette parts to be provided by MOLL or
acquired by MOLL from approved vendors; (iii) test and acceptance procedures and
criteria documentation; (iv) subassembly specifications, drawings and
requirements documentation; (v) manufacturing instructions and procedures
documentation; and (vi) quality instructions and procedures documentation;

 (2) prepare the DMR as set forth in Section 6(b), above, and maintain the
DMR in accordance with a documented change management system reasonably
acceptable to AASTROM which system shall include the approval of all Cell
Cassette manufacturing changes by AASTROM prior to implementation by MOLL. The
foregoing change management system documentation shall also include the history
of all changes including validation and/or rationale and shall be owned by
AASTROM;

 (3) shall conduct or subcontract the required processing and laboratory
testing as required by AAMI TIR 27:2001 for quarterly dose audits to maintain
the approved sterilization validation of the cell cassettes.

 (4) to the extent required for submittal by AASTROM to the FDA or other
regulatory authorities in connection with the Cell Cassette, prepare a detailed
description of MOLL's manufacturing methods, processes, procedures and facility
applicable to the manufacture and testing of the Cell Cassette as requested by
AASTROM;

 (5) provide engineering and other support for validation of the Cell
Cassette manufacturing process, for sterility assurance, and for completing
changes to the Cell Cassette design or manufacturing processes. AASTROM may
request such engineering and other support by submitting a written statement of
work executed by a designated AASTROM representative. MOLL shall respond to the
request within one week from receipt of the request, and shall prepare a
proposal to complete the work. AASTROM shall issue its written authorization to

 11
 
complete the proposed work. Any changes to be implemented in connection with the
work shall be completed in accordance with Section 6. AASTROM has the right to
review the implementation of any changes performed by MOLL, and has the right to
reject any such implementation of changes that AASTROM deems to be detrimental
to the quality of the product;

 (6) use reasonable efforts to train AASTROM's technical representatives at
MOLL's facilities, at AASTROM's request and expense from time to time during the
Term in all applicable procedures for manufacture of the Cell Cassettes. Such
representatives shall sign reasonable non-disclosure agreements in accordance
with Section 16(b) consistent with the terms of this Agreement to protect MOLL's
Confidential Information. AASTROM and such representatives shall also comply
with all of MOLL's reasonable regulations with regard to access by visitors
during such training sessions and MOLL reserves the right to deny access to its
facilities by non-AASTROM employees provided that such access shall not be
unreasonably withheld;

 (7) develop a quality measurement system acceptable to AASTROM and report
in a manner reasonably satisfactory to AASTROM on a monthly basis with regard to
MOLL's progress. This system shall include, at a minimum, (i) metrics on the
percent of non-conforming Cell Cassettes, including trending data; (ii) the
percentage of the top five defects; and (iii) a FRACAS (Failure Report Analysis
and Corrective Action System) detailing the root-cause analysis, corrective
actions taken, and proof of implementation; and

 (8) perform periodic onsite audits of suppliers of components, assemblies,
or services to Moll for manufacture of Cell Cassettes where such supplier is
deemed to be of substantial importance, such as due to being a sole source
supplier, or providing a critical component or service, or providing a complex
component or assembly. Each on-site audit will be scheduled as required, but not
less than annually. Appendix V specifies the current list of suppliers requiring
on-site audit, which can be revised from time to time by mutual agreement
between the two parties.

(b) New Products. From time to time during the Term, AASTROM may provide written
notification to MOLL of AASTROM's desire to have MOLL manufacture a product
other than the Cell Cassette or its Components. Following such notification, the
parties shall negotiate in good faith and attempt to reach mutual agreement on
the terms and conditions governing the manufacture and supply of such new
product, including development obligations, pricing and supply terms.

SECTION 10. EQUIPMENT.

(a) Ownership. The Parties acknowledge that the Equipment is the sole and
exclusive property of the Party indicated on Appendix I as such Appendix may be
augmented by mutual agreement of the Parties from time to time. Equipment shall
be located at the premises of MOLL in SeaGrove, North Carolina or other
facilities of MOLL as the Parties may agree. Except for the sole purpose of
performing maintenance, MOLL shall relocate none of the Equipment owned by
AASTROM without the prior written consent of AASTROM. It is understood that
AASTROM shall have the right to remove the Equipment it owns from MOLL's
facilities at any time upon

 12
 
reasonable notice to MOLL, except that if such removal shall impede MOLL's
performance under this Agreement, MOLL shall so notify AASTROM and such
Equipment shall not be removed until the condition of such impedance shall no
longer pertain. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that MOLL suspends
MOLL's performance by reason of force Majeure or default, AASTROM shall be
entitled to remove its Equipment to enable AASTROM to continue to manufacture
Cell Cassettes. Upon removal of its Equipment, AASTROM shall pay MOLL its
reasonable costs of disassembly and freight to a location of AASTROM's choice.
AASTROM shall return such Equipment to MOLL's facilities upon MOLL's
demonstration (to the extent it can reasonably do so without the use of such
Equipment) to AASTROM's reasonable satisfaction of MOLL's capability to resume
manufacture of the Cell Cassettes. Equipment added to Appendix I shall be owned
by the Party that paid for it or in accordance with Section 21(b), as
applicable. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, and the
payment by AASTROM of all outstanding invoices, MOLL shall, within thirty (30)
days thereafter, return all of AASTROM's Equipment to AASTROM's facilities (or
other location designated by AASTROM in writing) with all reasonable packing,
transportation and insurance costs to be paid by AASTROM.

(b) Identification Tags. Identification tags supplied by AASTROM containing
information relating to its ownership of Equipment shall be affixed by MOLL and
such tags shall not be removed by MOLL without the written approval of AASTROM.

(c) Liens and Insurance. MOLL shall not impair the right, title and interest of
AASTROM in and to the Equipment it owns, nor shall MOLL allow any lien or
encumbrance to be levied upon such Equipment. During the Term, and until
Equipment owned by AASTROM is removed by AASTROM or abandoned, MOLL shall carry
and maintain, at its expense, all-risk property insurance covering the Equipment
at full replacement cost.

(d) Inspection. AASTROM shall have the right, at reasonable times during normal
business hours and upon reasonable notice, to inspect its Equipment from time to
time to ensure that it is being maintained in accordance with Section 10(f),
below, and utilized in a manner consistent with the provisions of this
Agreement.

(e) No Modification. MOLL will not alter or modify AASTROM's Equipment in any
material way without the prior consent of AASTROM. If AASTROM gives such
consent, any alteration or modification shall become the property of AASTROM.

(f) Maintenance. MOLL will conduct day-to-day preventative and operational
maintenance on all of the Equipment. Such day-to-day maintenance will be
adequate: (i) to maintain the Equipment in good working order and condition,
ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted; (ii) to meet all expressed
conditions required by manufacturers' written warranties, if any, given with the
Equipment so that such warranties remain in effect for their stated terms;
provided that MOLL has received from AASTROM a copy of such warranty; and (iii)
to promote adherence to agreed-upon quality standards as well as the
Specifications and to help minimize unscheduled downtime.

(g) Use. Equipment owned by AASTROM shall be used solely for the benefit of
AASTROM to produce Cell Cassettes.

 13
 
SECTION 11. RIGHT OF INSPECTION.

(a) Rights of Inspection. In addition to AASTROM's right to inspect Cell
Cassettes upon delivery pursuant to Section 3, AASTROM shall have the following
rights of inspection, each such right to be exercised, if at all, at its own
cost and expense:

 (1) to inspect, sample and test Cell Cassette work-in-progress and review
process control reports and manufacturing records at MOLL's facilities upon at
least three (3) work days' prior notice to MOLL and shall consult with MOLL if
it believes that its inspection shows MOLL is failing to meet its obligations
under this Agreement (in such event the parties will work together toward
resolution of any such failure); and

 (2) to inspect, sample and test Cell Cassettes at MOLL's facilities after
notice by MOLL that a Shipment Lot is ready for shipment to a sterilizer
location. Such inspection must be conducted, if at all, within ten (10) days
after receipt of such notice.

(b) Waiver. AASTROM's right to inspect under this Section 11 and any inspection
by AASTROM hereunder, or AASTROM's acceptance of or payment for Cell Cassettes,
shall not be deemed to relieve MOLL of any of its obligations under the terms of
this Agreement nor a waiver by AASTROM of its rights to inspect upon delivery
pursuant to Section 3 or with respect to breach of warranty as set forth in
Section 12, below.

(c) Self-Certification. The Parties shall work together toward
self-certification pursuant to which MOLL will conduct in-process controls and
finished device testing in order to augment, and reduce the need for, exercise
by AASTROM of its inspection rights.

(d) Records; Inspection. For at least two years after the expiration or any
earlier termination of this Agreement (under Section 17 below), MOLL shall
retain accurate and complete records with respect to its work and manufacture of
the Cell Cassettes to the extent necessary to reasonably satisfy all applicable
FDA and EC requirements and to verify the time worked and material and other
costs invoiced to AASTROM. MOLL shall make available to AASTROM, cost
information that AASTROM may reasonably request in connection with the
establishment of pricing in accordance with Appendix III. Upon reasonable notice
to MOLL, AASTROM and/or its designated independent auditor may inspect and
conduct a reasonable audit on such records. If MOLL does not agree with the
results of the audit, then the dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 24,
below. Furthermore, if the results of such audit indicate an overcharge by MOLL
of ten percent (10 or more of AASTROM's applicable purchase price from MOLL,
MOLL shall reimburse AASTROM for the cost of performing such audit; otherwise
the cost of such audit shall be borne by AASTROM. If such audit shows an
overcharge by MOLL of AASTROM's applicable purchase price from MOLL, MOLL shall,
upon its review of said audit, promptly reimburse AASTROM for such overcharge
plus interest at a rate of 1 per month since the date of payment by AASTROM of
the applicable invoice(s).

SECTION 12. WARRANTY; RECALLS.

(a) Warranty. MOLL warrants to AASTROM that each Cell Cassette and Component
shall comply with the then-current Specifications and shall be free from defects
in material (except for such material as is prescribed by AASTROM, and is
outside the control of Moll), and

 14
 
workmanship and shall be manufactured and assembled in compliance with the DMR
and all United States federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations and
with all applicable EN29002 and EN46002 requirements (and any amendments thereto
and replacements thereof), applicable at the time of manufacture. Moll's
warranty with respect to Aastrom-specified purchased materials and components is
limited to insuring that they meet the incoming inspection criteria mutually
agreed upon by Astrom and Moll. For a period of one (1) year after delivery to
AASTROM, AASTROM shall have the right to notify MOLL that a Cell Cassette or
Component does not conform to this warranty. Such notice shall set forth in
detail the reason for such non-conformance. AASTROM shall prepare for shipment
and return to MOLL allegedly defective Cell Cassette or Component in accordance
with MOLL's written directions and at MOLL's cost. Upon reasonable verification
of noncompliance with this warranty, MOLL shall repair a defective and
non-conforming Cell Cassette or Component or, at its option, replace a defective
Cell Cassette or Component with non-defective, conforming units within thirty
(30) days after receipt of notice from AASTROM of the nonconformance. However,
if in MOLL's reasonable judgment such repair or replacement cannot be
accomplished within said time, MOLL shall issue to AASTROM a credit for the
price of each unit of Cell Cassette or Component verified as defective. MOLL
shall pay all shipping and other costs incurred in connection with the repair or
replacement of all such nonconforming Cell Cassette or Component units. The
foregoing warranty shall not apply to the extent that the non-conformance is due
to a defective component supplied by AASTROM or compliance with the
Specifications as supplied by AASTROM. Notwithstanding any statutory or other
law to the contrary, it is understood that the foregoing one (1) year warranty
period begins on delivery of the Cell Cassette or Component to AASTROM
regardless as to when a defect in a Cell Cassette or Component may be
discovered.

(b) DISCLAIMER. THE WARRANTY SET FORTH IN SECTION 12(a), ABOVE, IS GIVEN TO
AASTROM ONLY AND IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESSED BY
AFFIRMATION, PROMISE, DESCRIPTION, MODEL, SAMPLE OR OTHERWISE. ANY AND ALL OTHER
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, ARE HEREBY
DISCLAIMED. THE REMEDIES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE AASTROM'S
EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR DEFECTIVE AND NONCONFORMING PRODUCTS.

(c) No Third-Person Warranty. AASTROM will not make any warranty, representation
or guaranty to any person, either orally or in writing, in the name of or on
behalf of MOLL.

(d) Recalls. From time to time throughout the Term, AASTROM may in its
discretion determine that it is necessary or advisable to recall Cell Cassettes
manufactured by MOLL. In such event, if AASTROM reasonably determines that the
number of reported incidence of defective Cell Cassettes is high in relation to
AASTROM's historical incidence rate for defective Cell Cassettes and/or general
medical product industry standards and AASTROM recalls one or more Shipment Lots
due to a failure of such units to meet Specifications during the Warranty
Period, AASTROM shall so notify MOLL of the recall and the Parties shall jointly
exchange relevant information and consult on causation of the defective units
prior to implementing the recall. In the event it is determined by the Parties
that the Cell Cassettes were defective due to a failure of such units to meet
Specifications during the Warranty Period, MOLL agrees to reimburse AASTROM for
the reasonable direct costs incurred by AASTROM in conjunction with the

 15
 
recall including the cost of replacing, shipping and testing the units of the
Shipment Lot(s) recalled, whether or not all such units are ultimately
determined to have been defective, by way of a reduction in MOLL's applicable
mark-up rates (as set forth on Appendix III) to 15 until the cost of the recall
has been recovered by AASTROM. Any disputes regarding causation of defective
units involved in a recall that cannot be resolved by the Parties will be
resolved through arbitration in accordance with Section 24(b). Furthermore, in
the event this Agreement is terminated for any reason prior to AASTROM
recovering the full amount of its recall costs from MOLL, MOLL shall promptly
pay to AASTROM the amount of any un-reimbursed costs. For the purpose of
clarification, it is agreed that AASTROM shall be solely responsible for
determining whether any product recall, correction or withdrawal is required and
for complying with all of the medical device reporting requirements pursuant to
21 CFR Part 803.

SECTION 13. LIMITATION OF DAMAGES LIABILITY.

(a) Third Party Claims Not Related to Manufacturing Defect. MOLL shall have no
liability for any damages claimed by a third party if the claim does not arise
from or relate to a manufacturing defect by MOLL.

(b) Third Party Claims Related to MOLL's Delays. MOLL shall have no liability
for any damages claimed by a third party arising from or related to MOLL's
delays in manufacturing and delivering Cell Cassettes; provided, however, this
limitation of liability shall not apply with respect to any third party which
has a contractual relationship with MOLL with respect to claims arising out of
such contract.

(c) Third Party Claims for Product Liability. With respect to a third party's
claim for products liability in connection with the manufacture of the Cell
Cassettes or Components, MOLL's liability shall not exceed 5,000,000 in the
aggregate for the Term of this Agreement.

(d) AASTROM's Claims. MOLL's liability for damages to AASTROM for any breaches
of MOLL's obligations, warranties or representations under this Agreement shall
not exceed: (i) in the event of a breach which does not result in the
termination of this Agreement, an amount equal to the price to be paid by
AASTROM for the Cell Cassettes which were specified in the most recent forecast
(as specified in Section 3(a) hereof) given by AASTROM to MOLL prior to the
breach to be purchased by AASTROM during the period of the breach and which were
adversely affected by the breach; or (ii) in the event of a breach which does
result in the termination of this Agreement, an amount equal to the price to be
paid by AASTROM for the Cell Cassettes which were specified in the most recent
forecast (as specified in Section 3(a) hereof) given by AASTROM to MOLL prior to
the breach to be purchased by AASTROM during the 12-months following the date of
termination of this Agreement.

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the foregoing limitation of liability shall
not apply with respect to any breach of MOLL's obligations to maintain and
protect AASTROM's Equipment, Intellectual Property and Confidential Information,
or MOLL's obligations under Section 23 hereof regarding similar products.

 16
 
(e) Willful Wrongdoing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Agreement, there shall be no limitation on MOLL's liabilities arising from
or related to any criminal activity by MOLL or any willful wrongdoing by MOLL.

(f) Nature of Damages. The damages referenced in this Section 13 include damages
of any nature whatsoever including without limitation, direct, indirect,
special, incidental and consequential damages. No Party shall have any liability
for any punitive damages.

(g) Mitigation. The non-breaching Party, as well as the breaching Party, shall
use its best diligent efforts to mitigate the damages caused by the breach.

(h) AASTROM's Liabilities. Except with regard to AASTROM's obligations under
Sections 14(a) and (d) and 16, it is agreed that AASTROM's liability to MOLL
with regard to any claim for damages that may arise from a breach of any of
AASTROM's obligations, warranties and representations under this Agreement shall
not exceed the purchase price for the Cell Cassettes or Components with respect
to which AASTROM is in breach.

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the foregoing limitation of liability shall
not apply with respect to any breach of AASTROM's obligations with regard to the
Intellectual Property or Confidential Information of MOLL, nor shall such
limitations apply in the event of criminal activity or willful wrongdoing by
AASTROM.

SECTION 14. INDEMNITY.

(a) AASTROM's General Indemnity. The Parties acknowledge that AASTROM has
designed, developed and established the Specifications for the Cell Cassette and
Components. To the extent not covered by MOLL's indemnification obligations
under Section 14(b) below, and to the extent MOLL's liabilities to third parties
exceed the limitation of damage liabilities specified in Section 13(a), (b) and
(c) hereof, AASTROM will indemnify, hold harmless and defend MOLL and its
parents and affiliates and its and their officers, directors, agents, employees
and contractors and their successors and assigns (individually and collectively,
the "MOLL Indemnitees") from and against any and all loss, liability, cost,
damage and expense, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees,
in connection with bodily injury, death or otherwise, for claims made by third
parties, including, without limitation, a governmental agency or other entity,
against any of the MOLL Indemnitees arising out of or in connection with (1) the
design, manufacture, sale, use, function or operation of the Cell Cassette and
Components or (2) the breach by AASTROM of its covenants, representations or
warranties under this Agreement, or (3) the non-compliance by MOLL with GMPs,
but only to the extent that such non-compliance is caused by the failure of
AASTROM to comply with a covenant under this Agreement, or a Specification or
written requirement of AASTROM that is in express direct violation of GMPs. Upon
receipt of a claim indemnified hereunder, MOLL shall give AASTROM prompt notice
thereof and shall, at no out-of-pocket expense to MOLL, cooperate with AASTROM
with respect to the defense of such matter. MOLL shall have the right, without
affecting its indemnity hereunder, to participate in the administration, defense
or settlement of any such matter at its own expense and with counsel of its own
choosing, but AASTROM will control the defense and selection of lead defense
counsel. AASTROM's counsel shall give due consideration to suggestions of MOLL's
counsel and AASTROM shall not settle any claim

 17
 
indemnified hereunder unless MOLL is given a full and unconditional release in
respect of such matter and any related matter.

(b) MOLL's General Indemnity. MOLL will indemnify, hold harmless and defend
AASTROM and its parents and affiliates and its and their officers, directors,
agents, employees and contractors and their successors and assigns (individually
and collectively, the "AASTROM Indemnitees") from and against any and all loss,
liability, cost, damage and expense (collectively, "Losses"), including without
limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, in connection with any claims made by
third parties, including without limitation, a governmental agency or other
entity, against any of the AASTROM Indemnitees for any product liability claim
arising out of or in connection with the breach of any of MOLL's warranties or
obligations hereunder; provided, that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary, MOLL's total liability under this Section 14(b) shall not
exceed Five Million 5,000,000) dollars, and AASTROM's indemnity set forth in
Section 14(a), above, shall not be affected or limited by Losses that are in
excess of MOLL's indemnification obligations under this Section 14(b). Upon the
receipt of a claim of indemnification hereunder, AASTROM shall give MOLL prompt
notice thereof and shall, at no out-of-pocket expense to AASTROM, cooperate with
MOLL with respect to the defense of such matter. AASTROM shall have the right,
without affecting its indemnity rights hereunder, to participate in the
administration, defense or settlement of any such matter at its own expense and
with counsel of its own choosing, but MOLL will control the defense and
selection of lead defense counsel. MOLL's counsel shall give due consideration
to suggestions of AASTROM's counsel and MOLL shall not settle any claim
indemnified hereunder unless AASTROM is given a full and unconditional release
in respect of such matter.

(c) Intellectual Property Warranty.

 (1) AASTROM represents and warrants that neither the design nor
Specifications furnished by AASTROM to MOLL in connection with this Agreement
nor the manufacture or sale of Cell Cassettes to such design or Specifications
or in conformance with the DMR (but excluding any of MOLL's manufacturing
process or methods that may be incorporated into any of the foregoing by MOLL),
will infringe any United States or foreign patent, trademark, copyright or other
intellectual property right of others.

 (2) MOLL represents and warrants to AASTROM that no manufacturing process
or method employed by MOLL to manufacture the Cell Cassettes will infringe any
United States or foreign patent, trademark, copyright or other intellectual
property right of others; provided that, such process or method was developed
by, or originated from, MOLL but without regard to whether such process or
method is incorporated in the Specifications or DMR.

 (3) Without prejudice to the rights of MOLL or AASTROM as set forth in
Sections 14(d) and 14(e) below, respectively, if the manufacture or sale of Cell
Cassettes to such design Specifications or DMR or the manufacturing process or
method, respectively, is held to constitute an infringement of any intellectual
property right of any third party or to result in such wrong, and such
manufacture and sale is enjoined (by temporary, preliminary or permanent
injunction), AASTROM or MOLL, as the case may be, at its own expense, shall use
its best diligent efforts to procure for the other party the right to continue
to manufacture and sell Cell Cassettes, as applicable.

 18
 
(d) Intellectual Property Indemnity by AASTROM. AASTROM will indemnify, hold
harmless and defend the MOLL Indemnitees from and against any and all
liabilities, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys' fees, with respect to which a claim is made by a third party against
any of the MOLL Indemnitees arising out of or in connection with the breach of
AASTROM's warranty and representation set forth in Section 14(c), above. Upon
receipt of a claim indemnified hereunder, MOLL shall give AASTROM prompt notice
thereof and shall, at no out-of-pocket expense to MOLL, cooperate with AASTROM
with respect to the defense of such matter. MOLL shall have the right, without
affecting its indemnity hereunder, to participate in the administration, defense
or settlement of any such matter at its own expense and with counsel of its own
choosing, but AASTROM will control the defense and selection of lead defense
counsel. AASTROM's counsel shall give due consideration to suggestions of MOLL's
counsel. AASTROM shall not settle any claim indemnified hereunder unless MOLL is
given a full and unconditional release in respect of such matter and any related
matter.

(e) Intellectual Property Indemnity by MOLL. MOLL will indemnify, hold harmless
and defend the AASTROM Indemnitees from and against any and all liabilities,
costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees,
with respect to which claim is made by a third party against any of the AASTROM
Indemnities arising out of or in connection with the breach of MOLL's warranty
and representation set forth in Section 14(c), above. Upon receipt of a claim
indemnified hereunder, AASTROM shall give MOLL prompt notice thereof and shall,
at no out-of-pocket expense to AASTROM, cooperate with MOLL with respect to the
defense of such matter. AASTROM shall have the right, without affecting its
indemnity hereunder, to participate in the administration, defense or settlement
of any such matter at its own expense and with counsel of its own choosing, but
MOLL will control the defense and selection of lead defense counsel. MOLL's
counsel shall give due consideration to suggestions of AASTROM's counsel. MOLL
shall not settle any claim indemnified hereunder unless AASTROM is given a full
and unconditional release in respect of such matter and any related matter.

SECTION 15. OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

(a) Ownership of Intellectual Property. Each Party shall retain and own (vis a
vis the other Party) all right, title and interest to all copyrightable
material, inventions, trademarks, trade secrets, trade dress or other
intellectual property (collectively, "Intellectual Property") which it now owns.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, AASTROM shall own all Intellectual Property and
documentation generated by MOLL in connection with the collaborative development
and manufacture of Cell Cassettes, whether or not such Intellectual Property was
generated prior to or after the Effective Date, except for Intellectual Property
that relates to the molding and fabrication processes performed by MOLL and the
know-how in connection therewith. Said documentation to be owned by AASTROM
shall include but not be limited to the Specifications for the Cell Cassettes
and Components, DMR documentation, material lists, supplier lists and
descriptions of manufacturing methods and processes for manufacture of the Cell
Cassettes (hereinafter, the "AASTROM Documentation"). Furthermore,
notwithstanding anything contained herein, MOLL acknowledges and agrees that the
AASTROM Documentation will not embody or constitute the Intellectual Property of
MOLL. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to grant a license to either
Party under or with respect to the Intellectual Property of the other Party.

 19
 
(b) Return of Intellectual Property. Upon expiration of the Term or upon any
earlier termination of this Agreement, MOLL shall promptly transfer to AASTROM
all AASTROM Documentation and Intellectual Property within MOLL's possession or
control, and AASTROM shall promptly transfer to MOLL all MOLL Intellectual
Property within AASTROM's possession or control. Furthermore, in the event of
any expiration or termination of this Agreement by AASTROM "for cause" pursuant
to Section 17, or by MOLL, other than in accordance with Section 17, MOLL will
provide AASTROM with full cooperation with regard to the transfer of any
know-how embodied in AASTROM Documentation that is sufficient to allow AASTROM
to manufacture the Cell Cassettes pursuant to this Agreement; provided that,
except for copying, MOLL shall bear no expense of any nature in connection
therewith.

SECTION 16. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

(a) Title to Confidential Information and Related Documents. Title to
Confidential Information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Recipient shall
be and remain the sole and exclusive property of the Disclosing Party. Recipient
shall return all such Confidential Information, together with all copies
thereof, except for one archive copy, promptly upon the termination of this
Agreement.

(b) Non-Disclosure and Non-Use of Confidential Information. The Recipient shall
hold all Confidential Information disclosed to it pursuant to this Agreement in
confidence and will use Confidential Information only for the purpose of
performing its obligations under this Agreement and for no other purpose
whatsoever. The Recipient will not disclose Confidential Information to any
third person and will disclose Confidential Information only to such of its
employees as is necessary or reasonably appropriate to the performance of the
Recipient's obligations under this Agreement. Recipient shall ensure that its
employees and any permitted subcontractors having access to the Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party have previously agreed, either as condition
of employment or to obtain the Confidential Information, to be bound by terms
and conditions substantially similar to those found in this Section 16(b) as a
condition to such access. In the event that the Recipient is requested or
required by court or governmental order to disclose any of the Confidential
Information, the Recipient shall provide the Disclosing Party with prompt
written notice of such request or requirement so that the Disclosing Party may
seek a protective order or other appropriate protection. The Recipient will
cooperate with Disclosing Party at the Disclosing Party's expense, to obtain an
appropriate protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential
treatment will be accorded confidential treatment by such court or governmental
entity.

(c) Protection of Confidential Information. The Recipient will observe
reasonable precautions and procedures to protect and preserve Confidential
Information to the same extent that the Recipient uses with respect to its own
like confidential information.

SECTION 17. TERM AND TERMINATION.

(a) Term of Agreement. The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the
Effective Date and shall, unless earlier terminated as provided herein, continue
for five (5) years (the "Initial Term"). This Agreement shall, unless earlier
terminated as provided herein, thereafter renew automatically for additional one
(1) year terms. Either party may terminate this

 20
 
Agreement as of the end of the Initial Term, or as of the end of any subsequent
renewal term, by written notice to the other party at least one (1) year prior
to the renewal date.

(b) Termination Upon Default. Except for a failure and the corresponding remedy
as expressly specified in Sections 3, 12 and 17(d), if either Party shall commit
a material default in any of the material terms or obligations under this
Agreement, the non-defaulting Party shall have the right to give the defaulting
Party notice specifying with particularity the default and the circumstances
surrounding the default. If the defaulting Party shall fail to cure, the noticed
default within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice (fifteen business
days with respect to non-payment of amounts owed by AASTROM to MOLL under this
Agreement), the non-defaulting Party shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement prospectively by giving the defaulting Party further notice of at
least twenty (20) days prior to the effective date of termination set forth in
such further notice.

(c) Termination Upon Insolvency. Either Party shall have the right to terminate
this Agreement prospectively by notice of at least ten (10) days to the other
Party if the Party receiving such notice has filed a petition in bankruptcy or
insolvency (or if such petition is filed against it and is not vacated, stayed
or bonded within one hundred and twenty (120) days after such filing), or files
a petition or answer seeking reorganization, readjustment or rearrangement of a
substantial part of its business under any law relating to bankruptcy or leading
to bankruptcy or is adjudicated by a competent regulatory agency to be bankrupt
or insolvent, or a receiver is appointed for all or substantially all of the
property of such other Party, or an assignment is made for the benefit of the
creditors of such other Party, or any proceeding are instituted for the
liquidation or winding up of the business of such other Party.

(d) Termination Upon Inability of MOLL to Perform. If, on any three occasions
within a twelve-month period during the Term of this Agreement, one or more of
the following events occur, then AASTROM shall have the right to notify MOLL
that AASTROM intends to terminate this Agreement prospectively, specifying an
effective date of termination not less than thirty (30) days after the date of
such notice: (i) more than ten (10 percent of the Shipment Lots or units of
Cell Cassettes delivered to AASTROM are properly rejected by AASTROM under
Section 3(f), above; (ii) more than 1 of 1,000 Cell Cassettes accepted by
AASTROM fail to meet the warranty set forth in Section 12(a); or (iii) MOLL
fails to timely deliver a complete order of Cell Cassettes meeting
Specifications. For purposes of this Section 17(d), the term "timely deliver"
shall mean delivery not more than ten (10) days prior to, nor more than five (5)
days after, scheduled delivery dates. Moll will not be held responsible for
performance problems as described above, resulting from inadequacies in (i)
approved design specifications or (ii) Aastrom-specified materials and
components that have passed approved incoming inspection, unless such
inadequacies were caused by Moll. The foregoing right of termination shall be in
addition to AASTROM's right to seek damages available under law subject to the
limitations set forth in Section 13.

(e) Effect of Termination. Termination of this Agreement by either Party shall
not affect any purchase order submitted by AASTROM to MOLL pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement prior to the effective date of termination and the Parties
shall fulfill their obligations under such purchase order or to be undertaken
under this Agreement prior to such termination even if the completion of such
obligations shall be after the effective date of termination. Notwithstanding

 21
 
the foregoing, upon any termination of this Agreement by AASTROM pursuant to
this Section 17, AASTROM may, in its discretion elect to terminate all
in-process manufacturing of Cell Cassettes by MOLL and MOLL shall terminate such
manufacturing effective immediately upon notice from AASTROM. Furthermore, upon
the expiration of the Term as specified in Section 17(a), or upon the
termination of this Agreement other than a termination by AASTROM as permitted
by Sections 17(b), (c) or (d), then AASTROM shall purchase, at the price set
forth in this Agreement, all Cell Cassette finished goods, work in process and
unique materials that have been purchased by MOLL prior to the effective date of
this Agreement for the manufacture of Cell Cassettes provided that the
quantities of such goods and materials are reasonable in light of AASTROM's
forecasted Requirements and provided that such goods and materials are not
defective (per the Specifications). Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, to the extent necessary to give effect to the intention of the
Parties expressed therein, the obligations of the Parties under Sections 10
("Equipment"), 11(d) ("Records; Inspection"), 12 ("Warranty; Recalls"), 13
("Limitation of Damages Liability"), 14 ("Indemnity"), 15 ("Ownership of
Intellectual Property"), 16 ("Confidential Information"), 17 ("Term and
Termination"), 18 ("Supplier; Alternate Supplier"), 19 ("Representations and
Warranties"), 23 ("Similar Products"), 24 ("Governing Law; Dispute Resolution"),
25 ("Notices"), 28 ("Severability"), 29 ("Amendment and Waiver") and 32 ("Entire
Agreement") shall survive termination of this Agreement in accordance with their
terms.

(f) Liabilities When No Termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event
that MOLL is in material breach of any of its warranties or obligations, and
such breach does not allow AASTROM to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 17, then MOLL shall be subject to the liabilities and remedies available
at law and by this Agreement for such breach, subject to the limitations set
forth in Section 13.

(g) Alternative Purchase of Product. If MOLL is in breach of MOLL's obligations
to make and sell Cell Cassettes or Components as specified in this Agreement,
and such breach does not result in a termination of this Agreement, and if
AASTROM has available an alternative manufacturing source for said Cell
Cassettes or Components, then AASTROM may cancel all or any part of any pending
purchase orders (which purchase orders are within the quantities specified in
the 12-month rolling forecast as specified in Section 3(a) hereof) for which
MOLL is unable or unwilling to accept and perform; and AASTROM may have said
purchase orders performed by the alternative manufacturing source; and any
damages suffered by AASTROM as a result of MOLL's breach shall still be
recoverable against MOLL (subject to the limitations specified in Section 13
hereof).

SECTION 18. SUPPLIER; ALTERNATE SUPPLIERS.

(a) Supplier. Subject to MOLL fully complying with all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, during the Initial Term, AASTROM will purchase its
Requirements of Cell Cassettes from MOLL; provided, however, nothing in this
Agreement shall be deemed to preclude AASTROM from manufacturing any of
AASTROM's requirements for Cell Cassettes by itself or from utilizing alternate
suppliers for such manufacture pursuant to Section 18(b) below.

 22
 
(b) Alternate Suppliers. AASTROM shall have the right to utilize alternate
suppliers to supply AASTROM's requirement of Cell Cassettes or components if (i)
MOLL is unable or unwilling to meet AASTROM's requirements for quantity, quality
or timing of Cell Cassettes, (ii) MOLL does not remain cost competitive pursuant
to Section 4(d), (iii) MOLL breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement
(without cure thereof), or (iv) with respect to the supply of Cell Cassettes in
a country other than the U.S., on a country-by-country basis, if AASTROM grants
rights to a strategic partner to manufacture such Cell Cassettes for sale in
such country. In the event that AASTROM elects to utilize an alternative
supplier for the Cell Cassettes during the Term due to such an event, MOLL shall
provide reasonable cooperation by promptly supplying AASTROM with copies of all
AASTROM Documentation at the reasonable expense of AASTROM; provided, however
nothing in this Section 18(b) shall be deemed to require MOLL to provide
training or consultation services to the alternate supplier with regard to the
manufacture of the Cell Cassettes. Furthermore, even if Moll is unable to
produce entire Cell Cassettes, Moll shall be obligated to supply components to
AASTROM's Alternate Supplier.

SECTION 19. Representations and Warranties.

 MOLL and AASTROM each represents and warrants (1) that each has,
respectively, the full right and authority to enter into this Agreement, and
nothing provided in this Agreement will conflict in any way with any outstanding
obligation, contractual or otherwise, of such Party, and (2) that each shall
comply with all United States governmental laws, rules, regulations and orders
applicable to its obligations under this Agreement.

SECTION 20. FORCE MAJEURE.

(a) Suspension of Performance. In the event that MOLL or AASTROM (other than
with respect to its obligations to pay money to MOLL) is rendered unable, wholly
or in part, to carry out its obligations under this Agreement by reasons of acts
of God, industrial disturbances, outbreak of a state of emergency, war,
hostilities, civil commotion, riots, epidemics, fires, earthquakes, floods or
any other cause or causes similar or dissimilar to the foregoing beyond the
reasonable control of the Party claiming benefit of force Majeure, upon such
Party's giving notice and reasonably full particulars of such reason to the
other Party within a reasonable time after the occurrence of the cause relied
upon, then the obligations of the Party giving such notice, so far as they are
affected by such reason, shall be suspended during the continuation of any
inability so caused, but no longer, and such cause shall so far as reasonably
possible be remedied with all reasonable dispatch without the necessity of
expending sums (including, without limitation, for overtime labor) not otherwise
required under this Agreement. When the event operating to suspend performance
by either Party shall cease, this Agreement shall continue in full force and
effect until the expiration or earlier termination as provided in this
Agreement.

(b) Cooperation. In the event of a force Majeure, AASTROM and MOLL shall
communicate and cooperate in seeking to avoid or minimize potential interruption
of supply and to develop mutually acceptable contingency plans in the spirit of
this Agreement. In any event, the time for a Party's performance under this
Agreement shall be extended to the extent reasonably necessary to perform the
suspended obligation.

 23
 
(c) Allocation of Resources. In the event of a force Majeure resulting in a
partial inability of MOLL to supply product to its customers, MOLL may allocate
resources that have not specifically been earmarked to this Agreement, to all of
its customers (including AASTROM) in an equitable manner as determined solely by
MOLL.

SECTION 21. MOLL COMPETITIVENESS; SHARED INVESTMENT RETURN.

(a) MOLL's Competitiveness. The Parties acknowledge that a primary consideration
for AASTROM with regard to the selection of MOLL as its supplier was MOLL's
expertise and stated intention to be a cost-effective and a capable manufacturer
and supplier of Cell Cassettes and Components and that AASTROM's
commercialization strategy is dependent in part upon MOLL's stated intention to
use best diligent efforts to remain cost effective and capable. Thus, MOLL will
use best diligent efforts to search for methods and means that will lead to
in-plant cost reductions, savings and maintenance and quality improvement.
AASTROM will cooperate with MOLL in these efforts.

(b) Shared Investment Return.

 (1) MOLL Capital Investments. If, during the Term, MOLL shall invest in an
AASTROM-approved capital project that results in a cost savings in the
production of Cell Cassettes, MOLL shall be entitled to retain such cost savings
until MOLL has recouped the entire cost of the capital project from Cell
Cassettes purchased by AASTROM. Once MOLL recoups such capital expenditure, the
cost savings resulting from implementation of the capital expenditure shall be
shared by the Parties on a 50 : 50 basis and MOLL shall be deemed to have
assigned to AASTROM sole ownership of the capital property purchased by MOLL
such that the capital property shall be AASTROM's Equipment. Throughout the
Term, MOLL shall use any such capital property purchased by MOLL solely for the
manufacture of Cell Cassettes for AASTROM. The method for recoupment of MOLL's
capital investments and implementation of cost sharing shall be as set forth in
Section 21(b)(2) below.

 (2) Recoupment of MOLL Capital Investment; Cost Sharing. Effective on the
first day of the quarter immediately following the quarter in which a capital
project paid for by MOLL is implemented and cost savings first occur, the Base
Cost Assumption (calculated in accordance with Appendix III) shall be
recalculated (RBCA) to reflect the cost savings resulting from implementation of
the capital project. MOLL shall track the difference between the original Base
Cost Assumption (OBCA) and RBCA on future orders of Cell Cassettes and the
entire cost savings shall be allocated to MOLL until MOLL has recouped the
amount MOLL expended on the capital project. Thereafter, the cost savings
resulting from implementation of the capital expenditure shall be allocated to
AASTROM and MOLL on a 50 : 50 basis with regard to all Cell Cassette orders
submitted by AASTROM.

 (3) AASTROM Capital Investments. AASTROM shall enjoy all savings that
result from capital projects that are paid for by AASTROM or result from any
changes in Specifications made by AASTROM. In the event that any such cost
savings are implemented, the Base Cost Assumption utilized to calculate
AASTROM's purchase price for Cell Cassettes shall be immediately reduced to
reflect the amount of the cost savings. AASTROM shall also retain all

 24
 
ownership rights with regard to any capital property purchased by AASTROM that
may be used by MOLL in the manufacture of Cell Cassettes for AASTROM.

SECTION 22. INSURANCE.

 During the Term, each Party shall procure and maintain at its own cost and
expense, including the cost of premiums and deductibles, a general liability
insurance policy, including product liability (completed operations) insurance,
in an amount not less than one million 1,000,000) dollars per occurrence, two
million 2,000,000) dollars aggregate bodily injury, death and property damage
liability and commercial umbrella coverage of at least three million 3,000,000) dollars each occurrence and annual aggregate. Such insurance shall
be written by a reputable insurance company licensed to do business in the
United States, shall name the other Party as an additional insured, shall
contain a broad form vendor's endorsement. During Term, MOLL shall also carry
and maintain in full force and effect all-risk property insurance covering the
full replacement value of AASTROM's Equipment and MOLL's building, machinery,
equipment and work-in-process, as well as worker's compensation insurance in the
statutory limits required by the State of North Carolina (or other applicable
jurisdiction). Within ten (10) days after the Effective Date, each Party shall
furnish the other Party with a certificate of insurance confirming the existence
of such insurance and stipulating that the insurer will give the other Party at
least ten (10) days' written notice prior to any cancellation of or material
change in such insurance. The availability of the foregoing insurance coverage
shall in no event be construed to limit or expand the Parties' agreement to
limit liability to one another in accordance with Section 13.

SECTION 23. SIMILAR PRODUCTS.

(a) Continuing Prohibition. At all times both during and after the Term, MOLL
shall not make or sell, or enable others to make or sell, the Cell Cassettes or
Components, excepting only for making and selling the Cell Cassettes or
Components for AASTROM.

(b) Similar Products. During the Term, MOLL shall not (i) manufacture, assemble,
produce, ship or in any other way make available for use or distribution, by any
party other than AASTROM, any product or system that is functionally the same as
the Cell Cassette or Components, or (ii) in any way accept engagement with, or
render service to, any individual, firm or corporation, other than AASTROM, as a
consultant, instructor, expert, designer, manufacturer or producer, or act in
any other capacity, which engagement or rendition of services involves the
development or production of any product or system that performs the same
function as the Cell Cassette. Furthermore, in the event that this Agreement is
terminated by AASTROM "for cause" under Section 17, the foregoing prohibitions
shall continue until twelve (12) months after the effective date of such
termination. As used herein, a hematopoietic stem cell expansion product or
system does not have the same function as a Cell Cassette if it utilizes
distinctly different methods and distinctly different disposable components than
are used for the Cell Cassette.

 25
 
SECTION 24. GOVERNING LAW; DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

(a) Governing Law. The construction, interpretation and enforcement of the
terms, conditions, rights and liabilities set forth in this Agreement shall be
in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, excluding its
conflict-of-laws principles.

(b) Dispute Resolution.

 (1) Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement
or the breach thereof, whether common law or statutory, including, without
limitation, claims asserting violations or the antitrust laws, will be settled
exclusively by arbitration in Dallas, Texas if initiated by AASTROM and in Ann
Arbor, Michigan, if initiated by MOLL (unless another location is mutually
agreed in writing), using the then-current Commercial Rules of the American
Arbitration Association. The arbitration will be heard before three neutral
arbitrators, one to be chosen by AASTROM, one to be chosen by MOLL, and the
third to be chosen by those two arbitrators.

 (2) The arbitrators will apply the internal law of the State of New York
as set forth in Section 24(a), except that the arbitrators will not have the
power to alter, modify, amend, add to or subtract from any term or provision of
this Agreement. To the extent consistent with the terms of this Agreement, the
arbitrators shall have the power to grant injunctive relief. In all other
respects, the then-current Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration
Association will govern the arbitration. Judgment on the award of the
arbitrators may be entered by any court having jurisdiction to do so, and the
parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably consent and submit to the personal
jurisdiction and venue of the applicable federal courts having jurisdiction in
the district and state in which the arbitration is to occur, if at all, in
accordance with this Section 24(b) (or in the state court in the county and
state in which the arbitration is to occur, if at all, failing jurisdiction of
the federal court) in any action or proceeding for that purpose as well as for
any and all other permitted purposes, including, without limitation, in respect
of a Party seeking injunctive relief, in connection with this Agreement. The
Parties hereby irrevocably waive any and all claims and defenses either might
otherwise have in any such action or proceeding in any of such courts based upon
any alleged lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, forum non conveniens
or any similar claim or defense.

 (3) The failure or refusal of either Party to submit to arbitration as
required by Section 24(b) will constitute a material breach of this Agreement.
If judicial action is commenced in order to compel arbitration, and if
arbitration is in fact compelled, the Party that resisted arbitration will be
required to pay to the other parties all costs and expenses, including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, that they incur in compelling
arbitration. The prevailing Party in arbitration shall be entitled to its
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of the arbitration proceeding without
regard to the limitations set forth in Section 13. All other fees and charges of
the American Arbitration Association will be borne, as the arbitrators will
determine in their award.

(c) Notwithstanding the Parties' agreement to submit to arbitration pursuant to
this Section 24, either Party may petition any court of competent jurisdiction
for injunctive relief in the event of an alleged breach of Section 15(b) or 16.

 26
 
SECTION 25. NOTICES.

 All notices required to be made hereunder shall be sent to the respective
Parties set forth below by certified mail, return receipt requested or by
facsimile (with confirmation copy by such certified mail):

 If to MOLL: Moll Industries
 13455 Noel Rd., Suite 1420
 Dallas, TX 75240
 Attn.: Ron Embree
 Facsimile: 973-763-4001

 With a copy to: Andrews & Kurth L.L.P.
 111 Congress Ave., Suite 1700
 Austin, TX 78701
 Attn.: Matthew Lyons
 Facsimile: 512-542-5226

 And

 If to AASTROM: AASTROM Biosciences, Inc.
 P.O. Box 376
 Ann Arbor, Michigan 48106
 Attn: Brian Hampson, Vice President
 Facsimile: 313-665-0485

 With a copy to: Gray Cary Ware & Freidenrich LLP
 4365 Executive Drive, Suite 1100
 San Diego, CA 92121-2189
 Attn.: T. Knox Bell, Esq.
 Facsimile: 619-677-1401

 AASTROM and MOLL may change their respective addresses and facsimile
numbers for notices by a notice given by mail in accordance with this Section
25. Unless otherwise shown by documentary evidence, all notices shall be deemed
received upon the earlier of actual receipt or three days after deposit in the
U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or if by facsimile, on the business day next
following the day sent.

SECTION 26. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS; SURVIVAL.

 This Agreement is not intended to benefit any person not a Party hereto or
to give any rights to any such non-party. This Agreement shall inure solely to
the benefit of and be binding upon the Parties hereto and their successors and
permitted assigns. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of any
successor to a Party by merger or purchase of substantially all of the assets of
the Party. Except to such a successor, neither AASTROM nor MOLL may assign this
Agreement in whole or in part without the prior written consent of the other,
which consent

 27
 
shall not be unreasonably withheld. Any assignment or purported assignment by
either party without any such required consent shall be null and void. The
representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall
survive its expiration or earlier termination as expressly provided or as is
necessary to give full effect to the undertakings of the Parties prior to such
expiration or termination.

SECTION 27. HEADINGS.

 Headings inserted in this Agreement are for the convenience of the parties
and shall not govern any conclusion or interpretation of this Agreement or any
of its provisions. Nouns and verbs in the singular person or tense shall include
the plural person and tense and vice versa.

SECTION 28. SEVERABILITY.

 In case any provision or part thereof in this Agreement shall, for any
reason, be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such invalidity, illegality
or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or part thereof, and
this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid or illegal or unenforceable
provision or part thereof had been reformed so that it would be valid, legal and
enforceable to the maximum extent permitted. Except as otherwise expressly set
forth in this Agreement, neither Party shall have the right to set off all or
any part of the damages it incurs as a result of the other Party's breach of its
obligations in this Agreement against amounts that are owed to such other Party
hereunder.

SECTION 29. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER.

 This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument
executed by each Party hereto expressly stating that it is an amendment to the
terms of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all
sales and purchases of Cell Cassettes contemplated by this Agreement shall be
made solely pursuant to the terms of this Agreement without consideration of any
different or additional terms of any purchase order or sales acknowledgement or
other form of either Party and any such additional or different terms are hereby
objected to. The failure of a Party at any time or times to require performance
of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect the Party's right at a later
time to enforce the same. No waiver by any Party of the breach of any term
contained in this Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be
construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such breach or of the breach
of any other term of this Agreement, nor shall any such waiver be deemed to be a
custom or practice of the waiving Party. No waiver shall be effective unless in
writing, signed by the Party waiving compliance.

SECTION 30. COUNTERPARTS.

 This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and
the same instrument.

 28
 
SECTION 31. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS.

 The relationship between the Parties is that of independent contractors
and neither Party shall have the power to bind or obligate the other in any
manner, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

SECTION 32. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.

 This Agreement, including, without limitation, its recitals and
Appendices, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties in
respect of the subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, the
purchase and sale of Cell Cassettes, and supersedes all prior agreements,
arrangements, presentations and understandings relative to the subject matter
hereof, whether written or oral, express or implied. No oral or written
statement, representation, warranty or promise made prior to or
contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement shall be binding upon
either party with respect to the subject matter hereof or shall otherwise affect
the enforceability of this Agreement in accordance with its terms.

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed and delivered this
Agreement effective on the Effective Date.

 MOLL INDUSTRIES, INC.

 By:
 -------------------------------
 Ron Embree
 President

 AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC.

 By:
 ------------------------------
 Alan M. Wright
 Senior V.P. Administrative. & Financial
 Operations, CFO

 29
 
 APPENDIX I

 EQUIPMENT

 [TO BE REVIEWED AND UPDATED AS NECESSARY]

I. Cell Cassette-related Manufacturing Equipment to be provided and owned by
 AASTROM

 1. Bioreactor Assembly Fixtures

 2. Tissue Culture Treatment Process and Equipment Requiring: 208 Volt 3
 Flux 60HZ @ 60 AMPS Clean Earth Ground 2" Exhaust Vent

 Nitrogen Carbon Dioxide
 Nitrous Oxide Helium

 3. Ultrasonic Welder - Dukane 700 Watt Ultracom Assembly System or
 Equivalent

 4. Portable Clean Air Tent (if required)

 5. Leak Tester - Industrial Data Systems Sprint LC-P Pressure Decay
 Leak Tester Equivalent

 6. Sealing equipment for Harvest Bag, Waste Reservoir, and finished
 device packaging (if required)

 7. UV curable adhesive application and curing equipment

 8. Injection Molds

 9. Robotic End Arm Tools

 10. EMMA Welder and heat sealing station

II. Manufacturing Equipment To Be Provided and owned by MOLL:

 1. Hand Assembly, Pneumatic Tools, and Dimensional Measurement
 Equipment as required by project

 2. AutoCAD and Pro Engineer workstation(s), either on site or readily
 accessible, to meet program objectives

 3. Molding Equipment as Required by Program

 (600 ton, 300 ton, and 75 ton molding machines in class 100,000
 medical molding facility;
 
 700 ton molding machines in an environment suitable for producing
 parts to be moved into a clean room)

 4. Robotic pickers for molding machine.

 5. Class 100,000 Assembly space as required by the Program
 
 APPENDIX II

 SPECIFICATIONS

27-369 CELL CASSETTE, PACKAGED

27-328 CONTROLLED ENVIRONMENT SPECIFICATION

15-034 SURFACE TREATMENT, CELL BED

29-036 CELL CULTURE DEVICE ASSEMBLY FOR AUTOMATED SYSTEM

15-036 CONTROLLED ENVIRONMENT INJECTION MOLDING OF COMPONENTS
 
 APPENDIX III

 PRICING SCHEDULE

UNIT PRICING SHALL FOLLOW THE BCA METHOD, WHICH SHALL BE UPDATED QUARTERLY AND
INCLUDES THE FOLLOWING:

Labor: 30 mark-up on wages/salaries and benefits

Molded Components: 30 mark-up on Moll Standard cost

Purchased Materials and Components: 15 mark-up on actual delivered cost

Freight: 0 mark-up -- passed through at cost

Sterilization: 0 mark-up without certification by Moll; 15 mark-up with
certification by Moll

A forecast of monthly volume in excess of 150 cassettes per month for six
consecutive months will trigger a joint meeting between Aastrom and Moll to
review capacity requirements and cost reduction opportunities. At that time, it
may be mutually decided between Aastrom and Moll to adopt a different pricing
method than the BCA method for volumes higher than 150 cassettes per month.
 
 APPENDIX IV

Suppliers of components, assemblies, or services to Moll for manufacture of Cell
Cassettes where periodic on-site audit is required.

 1) Ethox Corporation

 2) Steris Corporation

</EX-10.77>

<EX-21>
 3
 a01800exv21.txt
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21

 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

Zellera, AG

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a01800exv23w1.txt
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-115505, 333-81340, 333-51556, 333-38886 and
333-25021) and Form S-3 (Nos. 333-109720, 333-108963, 333-101560, 333-108989,
333-108964, 333-107579 333-92675 and 333-81399) of Aastrom Biosciences, Inc. (a
development stage company) of our report dated August 6, 2004, relating to the
financial statements and financial statement schedule, which appears in this
Form 10-K.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Minneapolis, Minnesota
September 10, 2004

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31>
 5
 a01800exv31.txt
 EXHIBIT 31

EXHIBIT 31

 CERTIFICATION

I, R. Douglas Armstrong, certify that:

 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Aastrom Biosciences, Inc.;

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
 such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report;

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
 of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
 for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
 registrant and have:

 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
 to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared;

 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
 controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and

 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions):

 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
 design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and

 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
 other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
 internal control over financial reporting.

Date: September 9, 2004

 /s/ R. DOUGLAS ARMSTRONG, PH.D.
 ------------------------------------------
 R. Douglas Armstrong, Ph.D.
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 
 CERTIFICATION

I, Alan M. Wright, certify that:

 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Aastrom Biosciences, Inc.;

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
 such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report;

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
 of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
 for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
 registrant and have:

 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
 to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared;

 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
 controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and

 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions):

 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
 design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and

 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
 other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
 internal control over financial reporting.

Date: September 9, 2004

 /s/ ALAN M. WRIGHT
 --------------------------------------
 Alan M. Wright
 Senior Vice President Administrative and Financial
 Operations and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 a01800exv32.txt
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 In connection with the Annual Report of Aastrom Biosciences, Inc. (the
"Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2004, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, R.
Douglas Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("Section 906"), that:

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and

 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company.

Date: September 9, 2004

 /s/ R. DOUGLAS ARMSTRONG, PH.D.
 ---------------------------------------
 R. Douglas Armstrong, Ph.D.
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 In connection with the Annual Report of Aastrom Biosciences, Inc. (the
"Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2004, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Alan M.
Wright, Senior Vice President Administrative and Financial Operations and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("Section
906"), that:

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and

 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company.

Date: September 9, 2004

 /s/ ALAN M. WRIGHT
 --------------------------------------
 Alan M. Wright
 Senior Vice President Administrative and Financial
 Operations and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32>

