<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20040312_10-K_edgar_data_791348_0001104659-04-007260.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2575967</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>328170</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2042508</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-04-007260.hdr.sgml : 20040312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040312170947
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-04-007260
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20031231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000791348
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL PIPE & TUBES [3317]
		IRS NUMBER:				752085454
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12881
		FILM NUMBER:		04666889

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15660 N DALLAS PKWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75248
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9727706401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Dk6WE1GGzldQuMXdTanN+sln2GayzyKd0Yg8tr1O5asgB2WVT7mDPrMGiNre1rhL
 GEWNOHkuUZE+JqHpaGzC0Q==

 0001104659-04-007260.txt : 20040312

10-K
 1
 a04-3233_110k.htm
 10-K

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 
20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-12881 

LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

(A DELAWARE CORPORATION) 

I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER: 
 75-2085454 

15660 N. DALLAS PARKWAY, SUITE 500 

 DALLAS, TEXAS 75248 

 (972) 770-6401 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 

Title of each class 

Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 

Common Stock, par value 1.00 

New York Stock Exchange 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: NONE 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes . No o . 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as defined in
Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes 
.. No 
 o . 

The
aggregate market value of common stock on June 30, 2003 held by
nonaffiliates of the registrant was approximately 606.3 million, based on the
closing price of the common stock on the New York Stock Exchange. 

As
of February 16, 2004, the number of shares of common stock outstanding was
28,664,915. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions
of registrant s Proxy Statement for its 2004 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are
incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

ITEM
 3. 

LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

ITEM
 4. 

SUBMISSION
 OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SHAREHOLDERS 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. 

MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

ITEM 6. 

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

ITEM
 7. 

MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

ITEM
 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

ITEM 8. 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
 WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND
 PROCEDURES 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 10. 

DIRECTORS
 AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

ITEM
 12. 

SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

ITEM
 13. 

CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

ITEM
 14. 

PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

PART
 IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
 SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

ITEM 16. 

SIGNATURES 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

GENERAL 

Lone
Star Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, is a leading domestic
manufacturer and marketer of premium welded oil country tubular goods , or
 OCTG which are steel tubular products used in the completion and production
of oil and natural gas wells. We are a major manufacturer and marketer of line
pipe, which is used in the gathering and transmission of oil and natural gas. We are a leading supplier of premium thermal
treating, end finishing, inspection, and logistics services to the oilfield
industry. We are also one of the
largest domestic manufacturers of high quality couplings used to connect individual
sections of oilfield casing and tubing. 
In addition, we are a leading manufacturer of specialty tubing products
used in industrial, automotive, construction, agricultural, and heat recovery
technology applications. We also sell
oil country tubular goods and line pipe produced by other companies through
exclusive marketing arrangements. Lone
Star began producing and marketing oil country tubular goods and other tubular
products over fifty years ago. As used
in this report, the terms we, us , our and Lone Star refer to Lone Star Technologies,
Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates unless the context indicates
otherwise. 

On
October 1, 2002, we acquired the majority of the assets of Wheeling
Machine Products, Inc. and Wheeling Machine Products of Texas, Inc.
(collectively, Wheeling ), one of the largest domestic suppliers of couplings
used to connect individual sections of oilfield casing and tubing. 

On
May 1, 2003, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Delta Tubular
Processing Delta ), a leading provider of thermal treating and end-finishing
services for oilfield production tubing. 

On
June 2, 2003, we acquired certain assets of Frank s Tubular International
(since renamed Delta Tubular International, or Delta International ), a
leading provider of high-quality threading, inspection, and storage services to
the OCTG market. 

On
October 8, 2003, we created a new business unit integrating the sales and
marketing functions and production assets of Delta, Delta International,
Wheeling, and Bellville Tube Corporation Bellville ). We believe this newly created business unit,
named Star Energy Group, will enhance our ability to provide OCTG customers
with a full spectrum of pipe finishing, inspection, and logistics services. 

OUR STRATEGIES 

We
believe that the better we serve our customers, the better we serve our
shareholders. Our primary
responsibility is to grow shareholder value. 
Thus, our goal is to be the leading provider of both oilfield tubular
products and specialty tubing products and to increase our market presence in
order to benefit from favorable market conditions. The key elements of our
strategy to achieve commercial leadership and operational excellence are: 

Achieving increased production, greater
productivity and penetration into new markets through capital investment and
commercial alliances expansion . 
Our customers demand a broad product line and a quick delivery response. Our operational flexibility gives us the
ability to match production to customer needs and has earned us the reputation
of having the shortest order to delivery times in the industry. We constantly seek to improve our production
efficiency by upgrading our manufacturing methods and processes. By becoming more efficient, we will be able
to continue offering our products at attractive prices to an increasing number
of customers. Through our exclusive commercial alliances with several mills, we
have been able to outsource production of specific types of OCTG, line pipe,
and specialty tubing, enabling us to concentrate our capital expenditures and
manufacturing expertise on our premium products and new technologies. Expanding these alliances will enable us
both to offer a wider variety of tubular products to our customers and to
increase our offering of premium products. 
Through our alliances and with Star Energy Group, we now deliver the
industry s most complete line of oilfield tubular products and services. 

Continuing to develop and market new
product applications and technologies . We have the products, the engineering
capabilities, and the commitment to provide solutions so customers think of
Lone Star first when they have a need, even if it is a need that s never been
met before. Commercial leadership
demands that we continually 

3 

look
for new ways to do business. We have
historically been successful in pioneering new production methods to expand the
market acceptance of our oil country tubular goods, line pipe, and specialty
tubing products. For example, we pioneered the electric resistance welded,
full-body normalized process, which, together with our extensive heat-treating
capabilities, enables us to manufacture and sell our oil country tubular goods
and line pipe for deep wells and other critical applications. We have also developed
expandable casing products which are used in critical repair and extended reach
drilling applications to save time and costs for our customers. In addition, we have produced and sold
slotted tubes for expandable sand screens and new riser sleeves to provide
solutions for completion in unconsolidated sand formations and subsea
completions, respectively. We will
continue to invest in new equipment technologies and develop new products for
the markets we serve. 

Growing through strategic acquisitions . Our acquisitions of the companies comprising
our Star Energy Group have enabled us to broaden our customer base and expand
the selection of products we offer and the markets we serve at a cost
significantly less than that required to develop these operations on our
own. We will continue to pursue
strategic acquisitions that we believe to be beneficial to our business. 

INDUSTRY BACKGROUND 

Oilfield Products. The
product group referred to as oil country tubular goods, or OCTG, include casing
and tubing, which we manufacture, as well as drill pipe, which we do not
currently manufacture. Casing acts as a
structural retainer wall in oil and natural gas wellbores to provide support
and prevent caving during drilling operations and is used to protect water-bearing
formations during the drilling of a well. Casing is generally not removed after
it has been installed in a well. Tubing, which is used to transmit oil and
natural gas to the surface, may be replaced during the life of a producing
well. 

Demand
for oil country tubular goods depends on several factors most notably the
number of oil and natural gas wells being drilled, completed and re-worked, and
the depth and drilling conditions of these wells. The level of these activities
depends primarily on the demand for natural gas and oil and industry
expectations of future prices of these commodities. A key indicator of domestic
demand is the average number of drilling rigs operating in the United States.
According to the Baker Hughes rig count, the most commonly cited indicator of
the level of domestic drilling activity, the average United States rig count
was 1,032 working rigs in 2003 compared to 830 and 1,156 in 2002 and 2001,
respectively. Although the average rig
count in 2003 increased by 202 working rigs over the prior year average, all of
the increase was comprised of land-based rigs wherein the well profile (1) was
generally more shallow in depth, requiring less OCTG and (2) generally utilized
more lower-grade tubulars. Rigs
drilling offshore averaged 108 rigs during 2003 compared to 113 during
2002. At year-end, 1,126 rigs were
working, of which 86 were drilling for natural gas. These factors led to a significant increase in demand for lower
margin, non-premium tubulars, and conversely, flat demand for our higher
margin, alloy-based premium products. 

The
oil country tubular goods market is also affected by the level of inventories
maintained by manufacturers, distributors, threading companies, and end
users. During downturns in drilling
activity, customers typically utilize the inventory of these products rather
than purchase new products, causing demand for new production to further
decrease. Conversely, in periods of
increased drilling activity, increases in oil country tubular goods inventory levels
by distributors and end users typically occur, accelerating demand for new
production. However, throughout 2003,
although drilling activity had increased over the prior year, distributor
inventory remained at lower than anticipated levels. 

The
amount of imported oilfield products also affects the oil country tubular goods
market. According to the U.S.
Department of Commerce, imported 
oil country tubular goods accounted for approximately 35 of the apparent
domestic oil country tubular goods consumption during 2003, and 31 during
2002. Protective tariffs on several
foreign countries were imposed in 1995. 
These trade tariffs covering Argentina, Italy, Japan, Korea, and Mexico
were extended in June 2001 subject to future sunset review in 2005, and to
annual reviews by the Department of Commerce. 
The affirmative sunset review determinations have been appealed to the
Court of International Trade, and Argentina has appealed to the World Trade
Organization. If those orders are
revoked in full or in part or the duty rates are lowered, we could be exposed
to increased competition from imports that could decrease our sales and
profits, or increase our losses. In the
case of line pipe, a successful Section 201 case implemented in
March 2000 restricting imports of American Petroleum Institute API electric resistance welded ERW line pipe in sizes up to 16-inches in diameter expired March 1, 2003. 

4 

On
November 10, 2003, the World Trade Organization ruled the Section 201
tariffs illegal allowing the European Union nations and Japan to implement
retaliatory duties against any U.S. export. 
Subsequently, The U.S. Administration terminated the remaining Section 201
tariffs and import restrictions in December 2003. 

Manufacturers
produce oil country tubular goods in numerous sizes, weights, grades, and
thread profiles. The grade of pipe used in a particular application depends on
technical requirements for strength, corrosion resistance, and other performance
characteristics. Oil country tubular goods are generally classified by carbon 
and alloy grades. Carbon grades of oil country tubular goods have yield
strengths of 75,000 pounds per square inch or less and are generally used in
oil and natural gas wells drilled to depths less than 8,000 feet. Alloy grades
of oil country tubular goods, often referred to as premium goods, have yield
strengths of 75,000 pounds per square inch or more and are generally used in
oil and natural gas wells drilled to depths in excess of 8,000 feet or for high
temperature wells, highly corrosive wells, or other critical applications. 

Carbon
and alloy grades of oil country tubular goods are available from both electric
resistance welded and seamless tube producers. 
Electric resistance welded tubes are produced by processing flat rolled
steel into strips which are cold-formed, welded, full-body normalized or
seam-annealed, and end-finished with threads and couplings. Seamless products
are produced by individually heating and piercing solid steel billets into
tubes and then end- finishing those tubes into oil country tubular goods in a
manner similar to electric resistance welded pipe. 

Based
on published industry statistics, electric resistance welded products have
accounted for approximately half of the domestic casing and tubing tonnage
consumed. Electric resistance welded, full-body normalized casing and tubing
and seamless casing and tubing compete for critical applications such as deep
natural gas wells and offshore wells. Customers purchasing products for these
applications require high-performance oil country tubular goods that can
sustain enormous pressure as measured by burst, collapse, and yield strength.
Operators drilling shallow wells generally purchase oil country tubular goods
based primarily on price and availability, as these wells require less
stringent performance characteristics. 

Line
pipe products are used for surface production flow lines and gathering and
transmission of oil, natural gas, and fluids. Line pipe is primarily produced
in welded form. Line pipe markets are dependent not only on the factors which
influence the oil country tubular goods market, but also on pipeline
construction activity, line pipe replacement requirements, new residential
construction, and utility purchasing programs. 
Line pipe sales often lag oil country tubular goods sales by twelve or
more months. 

Couplings
are used to connect individual sections of oilfield casing and tubing. We manufacture a full product size range of
high quality couplings including both standard oilfield API grades as well as
premium connections. The market for
couplings is dependent on the same factors that impact the oil country tubular
goods market. 

Specialty Tubing Products. The
specialty tubing business includes the manufacture, marketing, and sale of a
broad variety of steel tubing products, including premium and custom-made
products. Applications for specialty tubular products include precision
mechanical tubular products for automotive, fluid power, and other markets for
various mechanical applications and finned tubular products for heat recovery
applications. 

The
demand for precision mechanical tubulars and other specialty tubing used for
automotive, fluid power, and other mechanical applications is cyclical and
dependent on the general economy, the automotive and construction industries,
product inventory levels, and other factors affecting domestic goods
activity. Demand for precision
mechanical tubulars within the traditional markets was down significantly in
2001 as a result of the recession experienced in the United States during the
calendar year. Only the strong demand
from the automotive sector kept demand for precision mechanical tubulars for
2002 on par with 2001. As occurred in
2001, the continuing decline in the economy resulted in further decreased
demand for precision mechanical tubing during the fourth quarter of 2002 and
remained so for most of 2003. We
experienced a slight improvement in the latter half of the fourth quarter of 2003
as general economic conditions showed some positive progress toward recovery. 

Demand
for heat recovery tubular products, or finned tubes, depends on several factors
including combined-cycle electrical power plant construction, the cost of
alternative fuels for power generation and, to a lesser extent, on industrial
processing plant and petrochemical plant construction. Demand slowed considerably in 2002 and
remained slow throughout 2003 for these products as construction of new power
plants was curtailed due to lower energy demand attributable to the slowdown in
the general economy and constraints on capital to fund the construction 

5 

projects. Beyond completion of power plants currently
under construction, we expect little new generating capacity to be added in the
next year. 

Flat Rolled Steel and Other Products . We have a rolling mill which has the
capacity to produce 1.4 million tons of flat rolled steel per year. Participation in flat rolled steel markets
allows us to maintain flexibility in procurement of lower cost steel. Flat rolled steel, produced primarily for
the manufacture of oilfield and specialty tubing products, is also sold to
fabricators of various construction and industrial products. The market for
flat rolled steel is affected by a number of factors, including price, capacity
utilization, and material costs. Flat
rolled steel is sold in highly competitive markets and price, quality, and availability
are the main determinants of customer purchasing decisions. Other products consist of tubular goods that
serve a variety of uses, such as structural piling applications in the
construction industry. 

OUR OILFIELD PRODUCTS 

Products. We
manufacture and market premium oil country tubular goods. Our oil country
tubular goods include casing and production tubing but not drill pipe. We also
manufacture and market line pipe and couplings and we provide a complete line
of oilfield tubular finishing services including threading and inspection. 

Oil Country Tubular Goods 

We
manufacture premium alloy and carbon welded oil country tubular goods,
including casing, which acts as a structural retainer wall in oil and natural
gas wellbores, and production tubing, which transmits hydrocarbons to the
surface. We offer casing and tubing products with the widest variety of
diameters, grades and wall thicknesses in the United States. This variety
provides us with a distinct competitive advantage as a single source supplier
of a complete range of oilfield casing and production tubing. As a result of
our broad product range and unique heat-treating capabilities, we are able to
service nearly all typical drilling applications for oil and natural gas wells. 

Casing,
which historically represents more than 80 of the oil country tubular goods
products sold by us, is the structural retainer wall in oil and natural gas
wellbores. It also serves to prevent pollution of nearby water reservoirs and
contamination of a well s production. Casing is generally not removed after it
has been installed. Production tubing is installed within the casing to convey
oil and natural gas to the surface. We offer the widest grades and ranges of
outside diameters in casing (3 1 / 2 to 20 and tubing
(1.9 to 3 1 / 2 produced in the United States, including
products that have been successfully used in wells with depths of over 30,000
feet. 

Our
premium product line includes tubulars manufactured with the electric
resistance welded, full-body normalized process and other thermal techniques
that we pioneered. Because this process gives our tubes better performance
characteristics than typical seam-annealed casing and tubing, we are able to
serve both primary markets for oil country tubular goods: deep critical wells
and shallow wells. Our premium products successfully compete both with seamless
oil country tubular goods for critical applications and with conventional
seam-annealed tubular products manufactured for shallow wells. We also offer seamless and seam-annealed
products through marketing arrangements with other producers. 

Critical
applications, such as deep natural gas wells and offshore wells, require
high-performance casing and tubing that can withstand enormous pressure as
measured by burst strength, collapse strength, and yield strength. Both major and independent oil companies
that conduct drilling programs of this nature emphasize quality and compliance
with specific standards. In our electric resistance welded, full-body
normalized manufacturing process, which meets and exceeds API standards, we
heat treat the entire tube and not just the weld area. This process strengthens
the entire tube and makes our premium casing, tubing, and line pipe
interchangeable with seamless tubulars for nearly all critical applications. As well profiles trended toward more
shallow-well drilling in 2003, revenues from our high-strength alloy grade
products fell from 66 of total OCTG revenues in 2002 and 2001 to 62 in 2003. 

Operators
drilling shallow wells generally purchase oil country tubular goods based
primarily on price and availability, as wells of this nature require less
stringent performance characteristics. We compete in this market, which is
served primarily by producers of seam-annealed oil country tubular goods, with
our Wildcat brand of oil country tubular goods and other brands produced
through our exclusive alliance mills. 

6 

Line Pipe 

We
offer the widest size and chemistry range of line pipe used to gather and
transmit oil and natural gas in the United States with outside diameters from 2
3/8 to 60 . Historically,
approximately 15 to 25 of our oilfield product revenues are from line pipe
sales. 

Couplings 

With
the acquisition of Wheeling in 2002, we are able to provide a full range of
coupling products used to connect individual sections of oilfield casing and
production tubing from 2 3/8 to 20 , including premium grades and premium
threads. The demand for coupling
products is correlative to demand for OCTG products. Prior to its acquisition by Lone Star, Wheeling had a multi-year
partnering arrangement with Lone Star Steel Company Steel to provide 100 
of Steel s coupling requirements. In
addition to Steel, which comprised approximately 43 and 47 of Wheeling s 2003
and 2002 sales respectively, Wheeling maintains distribution arrangements with
other large domestic OCTG producers. 

Finishing 

By
acquiring Delta and Delta International during 2003, we took another major step
toward providing complete tubular solutions for our customers. Delta and Delta International provide the
full-size range of OCTG finishing, including premium threading, heat-treating,
upsetting, inspection, and storage services. 
They join Bellville and Wheeling in our newly formed Star Energy Group. 

Sales and Distribution. Our
domestic oil country tubular goods sales distribution network includes 14
non-exclusive stocking distributors that maintain and deliver product inventory
to major and independent oil and gas companies that explore for oil and natural
gas. We also sell line pipe through distributors and to end-users.
Internationally, oil country tubular goods are sold through distributors and
trading companies as well as directly to end-users. Approximately 1 of the
shipments of oil country tubular goods and 1 of the shipments of line pipe in
2003 were to destinations outside the United States. Our two largest customers, both distributors of our oilfield
products in 2003, accounted for approximately 16 and 13 respectively, of the
total oil country tubular good tons we shipped. About 80 of the oil and
natural gas wells drilled in the United States in 2003 were located within an
approximate 750 mile radius of our mills in Texas. The majority of our oilfield products were sold for use in Texas,
Oklahoma, Louisiana, New Mexico, and Kansas, as well as the Gulf of Mexico,
which is less than 250 miles from our mills. 

Alliance Mills. In
addition to production from our mills, we have marketing agreements to sell
other steel oilfield tubular products manufactured by several companies.
Through commercial alliances with several mills, we have expanded our oilfield
product offering. These arrangements enable us to outsource production of
specific products, allowing us to offer a wider variety of casing, tubing, and
line pipe without a permanent capital investment. These alliances allow us to
concentrate our capital expenditures and manufacturing expertise on our premium
products, while offering our customers a complete size range of casing, tubing,
and line pipe. These transactions are performed on a commission basis and
through purchase and resale of the products. Our alliance arrangements
accounted for approximately 17 , 21 , and 22 of our revenues from oilfield
products during 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively. 

Competition. Oil
country tubular goods and line pipe are sold in highly competitive markets.
Once users of oil country tubular goods determine which performance
characteristics are relevant, they base their purchasing decisions on four
factors: quality, availability, service, and price. We believe that we are
competitive in all of these areas. We successfully compete with both seamless
oil country tubular goods and seam-annealed electric resistance welded
products, as described above under Business-Industry Background - Oilfield
Products. Our electric resistance
welded, full-body normalized casing and tubing products compete with seamless
oil country tubular goods, and we offer products with the widest variety of
diameters, grades, and wall thicknesses in the United States. Several domestic manufacturers produce
limited lines of oil country tubular goods, and a number of foreign
manufacturers produce oil country tubular goods for export to the United
States. 

The
level of imports of oil country tubular goods from Canada and Taiwan was
greatly reduced by the existence of antidumping duty orders from 1986 until
revocation in June 2000. In addition, since 1995, the level of imports of
oil country tubular goods from Argentina, Italy, Japan, Korea, and Mexico has
been greatly reduced by the existence of antidumping duty orders covering
imports from these countries and a countervailing duty order covering imports
from 

7 

Italy.
The orders may also have had a beneficial impact on prices for oil country
tubular goods in the domestic market. Affected parties can request
administrative reviews of imposed duties and tariffs. These orders against Argentina, Italy, Japan, Korea, and Mexico
were reviewed through the International Trade Commission in 2001 and were
extended for an additional five-year period at that time. The affirmative sunset review determinations
have been appealed to the Court of International Trade, and Argentina has
appealed to the World Trade Organization. The domestic oil country tubular
goods industry filed a number of trade cases in the first half of 2002 against
13 countries for unfairly imported OCTG; however, these cases were dismissed at
the International Trade Commission level by a four-to-one margin. 

Despite
the existence of various anti-dumping duty orders, imports were 35 of apparent
domestic consumption in 2003. 

In
February 2000, in response to a petition filed by domestic welded line
pipe producers and their workers, including us, the United States government
granted relief to the line pipe industry under Section 201 of the Trade
Act of 1974. The relief, effective March 1, 2000, restricted imports of
welded line pipe not exceeding 16 inches in outside diameter to a maximum of
9,000 tons from any country other than Canada and Mexico. Imports in excess of that amount were
subject to significant tariffs. These
tariffs expired in March of 2003. 

OUR SPECIALTY TUBING PRODUCTS 

Products. Our
specialty tubing business includes the manufacture, marketing, and sale of a
variety of tubular products. Our specialty tubular products are generally high
value-added premium or custom products often involved in exacting
applications. Our specialty tubing
products include finned tubulars used in industrial processing, petrochemical
plants, and power technology applications. 

Precision Mechanical Tubulars 

We
have one of the largest production capacities in the world for precision
mechanical tubular products using the Drawn Over Mandrel DOM manufacturing
process. The use of the DOM manufacturing process enables us to achieve higher
critical tolerances and dimensional control than other processes. Our precision
mechanical tubular product line includes a wide array of high-quality,
custom-made steel tubular products with precise dimensional control and special
metallurgical properties. Our precision mechanical tubular products have the
widest size range in the world, from 1 / 2 to 15 in
outside diameter, and are made from a variety of combinations of chemical
compositions, thermal treatments, mechanical properties, and surface finishes.
Product uses include the manufacture of hydraulic cylinders for construction
and farm equipment; automotive applications, such as stabilizers and intrusion
tubes; and other uses, including machine parts, bearing races, down-hole pump
barrels, heavy-lift crane boom chords, drill rods, and liner hangers. As a
result of the wide range of industrial applications for precision mechanical
tubular products, sales traditionally follow general domestic economic
conditions. 

The
Drawn Over Mandrel process uses a drawbench to pull tubing through a die and
over a mandrel to shape and smooth surfaces and impart precise dimensional
tolerances to tubes. Our production facilities include seven drawbenches. Our
1,000,000 pound drawbench, the largest in the Western Hemisphere, combined with
our 800,000 pound drawbench enable us to access broader markets through the
manufacture of larger diameter, thicker wall products. Order quantities for our
precision mechanical tubular products are typically less than 20,000 pounds,
and the products are made to exact customer specifications. 

Heat Recovery Tubular Products 

We
manufacture custom-engineered specialty finned tubular products used in a
variety of heat recovery applications. We have the major portion of domestic
manufacturing capacity of finned tubes that are used in heat recovery steam
generators. Finned tubes are steel
tubes with various types of fins or studs welded to the outside to increase the
amount of surface area for maximized recovery of heat. Our heat recovery products are used in fuel
economizers, petrochemical plants, refineries, and combined-cycle electrical
power generation. 

In
connection with our production of finned tubes, we design and manufacture other
products relating to large-scale applied heat recovery technology, such as
boiler tubing and economizers. 
Economizers are bundles of finned tubes arranged to maximize the amount
of heat captured from boiler exhaust gases. 
Economizers are normally used on large boilers for office buildings,
hospitals, universities, prisons, breweries, and food processing plants. We
also 

8 

manufacture
and sell X-ID tubing, which has specific patterns on the interior surface of
the tube for enhanced heat transfer. 

Other Specialty Tubing Products 

We
also produce hot finished specialty tubing. We have developed new thick wall
products using enhanced hot reduction technology for applications such as heavy
axles for trailers and light axles for trucks, including sport utility vehicles
that were typically made out of seamless tubes. This product is also used for other industrial applications. 

Sales and Distribution. 
Domestically, we market and sell our precision mechanical tubulars
through 19 non-exclusive steel service centers and to end-users. Our precision
mechanical tubulars have detailed design specifications and in some cases long
lead times, making annual contracts an efficient mechanism for large
purchasers. Internationally, the majority of our precision mechanical tubulars
is currently sold to end-users and exports accounted for approximately 3 , 11 ,
and 22 in 2003, 2002, and 2001 respectively, of the shipment tonnage of our
precision mechanical tubulars. We
market and sell our finned tubes and other heat recovery products through four
outside sales managers providing direct sales to most original equipment
manufacturer OEM accounts and through approximately fifty independent sales
representative companies which sell to end-users and contractors. Exports of finned tubulars and other heat
recovery tubes accounted for approximately 21 , 11 , and 18 of the revenues
from those products in 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively. 

Competition. The
market for specialty tubing is competitive and is served by several
manufacturers. We have one of the
largest capacities in the world to manufacture precision mechanical tubulars
using the DOM manufacturing process. 

Since
these products are made to end-user specifications and often require
just-in-time delivery, only small quantities are imported into the United
States. In contrast to the oil country tubular goods market, seamless and
electric resistance welded specialty tubing products differ in their
applications. Electric resistance welded tubing, such as precision mechanical
tubulars, is preferred for many mechanical tubing applications because its
consistent wall thickness requires less machining in the finishing process. In
contrast, seamless tubes are often specified in heavy gauge applications such
as boiler and pressure tubing. 

Based
on generally available market data, we estimate that we have a major portion of
the domestic manufacturing capacity for finned tubes used for heat recovery
steam generation. We have one
significant domestic competitor and a number of smaller foreign competitors. 

OUR FLAT ROLLED STEEL AND OTHER PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 

Products and Services. We
also manufacture and market flat rolled steel and other miscellaneous products
that are secondary to our manufacture of oilfield and specialty tubing
products. Flat rolled steel is primarily used by us in the manufacture of
tubular products. We also sell flat rolled steel to fabricators of large diameter
transmission pipe, storage tanks, rail cars, and a variety of other
construction and industrial products. Our participation in the flat rolled
steel commodity market provides us flexibility in sourcing lower cost steel for
our tubular products. 

We
also market other products such as tubulars for use in structural and piling
applications in the construction industry, and we provide transportation,
storage, and other services. 

We
also have a stand-alone steel coil slitting business. This business includes a
steel coil storage and processing business, where we provide toll slitting
services for major steel customers and also provide steel storage and custom
cutting. The steel coil division ships its processed steel on a just-in-time
basis principally to our finned tubing manufacturing operations and to outside
customers. 

Sales and Distribution. We
manufacture and sell flat rolled steel directly to end-users and through
service centers, primarily in the Southwestern region of the United
States. Our two largest customers of
our flat rolled steel accounted for approximately 76 of our flat rolled steel
sales in 2003, as well as substantially all other sales of miscellaneous
tubular products other than oilfield and specialty tubing products. One of
these customers has steel processing facilities located adjacent to our
facilities in Lone Star, Texas, and those facilities purchase most of their
flat rolled 

9 

steel
from us. Sales to these two customers
represented approximately 7 , 8 , and 8 of our total revenues for 2003, 2002,
and 2001, respectively. 

Flat
rolled steel processing services are also sold to steel mills where we receive
processing revenues but do not purchase and resell steel. 

Competition. Our
flat rolled steel is sold in highly competitive markets generally concentrated
in the Southwestern region of the United States. Sales and earnings are
affected by the cost of raw materials, use of flat rolled steel by us in the
manufacture of our tubular products, demand by outside customers, and general
economic conditions. Our steel coil
slitting services compete against service centers located in the Midwest. 

FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT SEGMENTS 

For
financial information for each segment regarding revenues, profits or losses
(as applicable) and total assets, see Business Segments - Note B of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

CUSTOMERS 

We
sell our oilfield products through our exclusive distributors to numerous
end-users, including BP, ChevronTexaco, El Paso Exploration, Anadarko
Petroleum, Devon Energy, Burlington Resources, Apache, and ExxonMobil. We sell our finned and other heat recovery
tube products to over fifty end-users, including Foster Wheeler, Chicago Tube
and Iron, Peerless, Alstom Power, Cerrey, Nooter Eriksen, and Vogt Power
International. We sell our precision
mechanical tubulars to such distributors and end users as Earle M. Jorgensen
Company, Marmon/Keystone, Hyva, DaimlerChrysler, Ford Motor Company, and Dana. 

RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND PATENTS 

We
are committed to technologically innovative product development. With respect
to oilfield products, we collaborate with customers and industry groups to
develop new grades of oil country tubular goods as well as new products, such
as expandable casing. Our expandable casing product was developed for a joint
venture between Shell Oil Company and Halliburton Company and was first
successfully installed in late 1999 in the Gulf of Mexico. As of February 2004, there have been
more than 215 successful installations totaling more than 215,000 feet of
casing for 54 end-users in 20 countries. 
We have also developed slotted tubes for expandable sand screens and
riser sleeves to provide new product solutions for our customers. Our technical knowledge and high-performance
casing products are also being applied in an innovative method for drilling
wells using casing instead of drill pipe. 
We also have used our expertise to develop high-strength, thick wall line
pipe for offshore applications. In addition, we developed ultrasonic testing
methods to assure the quality of our tubing. In the specialty tubing area, our
recent product developments include the Aeroseg finned tube, a new thermal
mechanically processed Drawn Over Mandrel product called QDOM for applications
requiring extreme mechanical properties and thick wall products using hot
reduction technology for applications such as heavy axles that are normally
made out of seamless tubes. We hold several United States patents covering some
of our manufacturing processes and products. 

We
have also made significant investments in information technologies that provide
the platform for internet-based commercial marketing and resource constrained
production planning. We believe our information technologies capabilities will
allow us to more effectively run our facilities, give our customers excellent
service, and facilitate web-based commercial initiatives. 

MANUFACTURING CAPABILITIES 

We
manufacture our oilfield products, precision mechanical tubulars, flat rolled
steel and other products at our facilities located on an approximately
2,000-acre site we own in Lone Star, Texas which contains over 2,000,000 square
feet of manufacturing space and approximately 91,000 square feet of oilfield
products manufacturing facilities in Bellville, Texas. We manufacture our finned tubular products
in approximately 364,000 square feet of manufacturing facilities on
approximately 71.5 acres that we own or lease in the Tulsa, Oklahoma
metropolitan area; Quebec, Canada; and Monterrey, Mexico. Our coupling products are manufactured at
three owned facilities totaling 231,000 square feet of manufacturing space and
located in Pine Bluff, Arkansas; Hughes Springs, Texas; and, 

10 

Houston,
Texas. Our finishing and storage
services provided by Delta and Delta International are performed at two owned
facilities totaling 281,500 square feet across 230 acres located in Houston,
Texas. 

The
annual rated capacity of our facilities in Lone Star, Texas approximates
1,250,000 flat rolled tons and 1,000,000 welded pipe tons. We have access
through marketing arrangements and alliances with mills for additional oilfield
tubular capacity of approximately 500,000 tons per year. Our electric arc furnaces EAF have an
estimated capacity of 360,000 ingot tons. 
In 2003, the precision mechanical specialty tubing facilities operated
at 51 of capacity. The rolling mills
and pipe mills generally operated at 54 and 59 of capacity, respectively,
while the electric arc furnaces EAF generally operated at 57 of capacity
in 2003. 

Wheeling
operates PMC high volume finishers and CNC lathes at facilities in Pine Bluff,
Arkansas, Hughes Springs, Texas, and Houston, Texas. Wheeling also maintains finished product at its production
facilities as well as warehouses at Steel, and a facility servicing U.S. Steel
operated by Wheeling in Birmingham, Alabama. 
The Houston facility was established to handle premium threads, material
that requires third party inspections and as an entry point into the oilfield
accessories business. Wheeling offers a
wide range of eight round and buttress couplings for 2 3/8 tubing through 20 casing. 

Delta Tubular Processing DTP is a licensed API processor for
upsetting, threading, and heat treating of OCTG products to API
specifications. DTP has two upsetters
that are capable of upsetting tubing, two Quench and Tempering operations that can
heat treat tubing and coupling stock through 3.668 outside diameter (OD), and
one full-body normalizing line that can normalize tubing up to 4 OD. DTP has two hydrostatic tubing testers, two
high-speed PMC tubing threaders, one threading repair line, and one NDT
(non-destructive testing) operation. 
The facility capacity is calculated to be 120,000 tons per year with an
average mix of products. DTP operates
on an eighty acre tract in Houston, Texas with 150,000 square feet of building
use and leases an additional building with 14,500 square feet which houses its
second heat treat line. 

Delta
Tubular International DTI is a licensed API processor for OCTG casing for
sizes ranging from 4 to 20 OD. We have two Four Function Electro Magnetic
Inspection lines that inspect pipe ranging from 2 3/8 through 13 3/8 OD and
one ultrasonic line for full body ultrasonic inspection up to 20 OD. We have
three double-ended thread lines capable of threading API and Specialty threads
from 4 through 20 OD pipe. Our
annual rated capacity for casing threading is 225,000 tons and inspection is
450,000 tons. This facility is located
on a 150 acre tract in Houston, Texas with 117,000 square feet of building
usage. We are preparing for the
installation of a new, state-of-the-art UT line and two Okuma threaders which
will increase these capacities. 

Both
DTP and DTI facilities have truck and rail access, and are located in close
proximity to the Houston Ship Channel. 

We
have a major portion of the domestic manufacturing capacity for production of
finned tubes for heat recovery applications. 

RAW MATERIALS AND INVENTORY 

In
general, we attempt to procure raw materials and manage our finished goods
inventory in a manner that will provide: 

significant
flexibility in responding to the levels of demand for our various products; 

 a
short lead time in filling our customers orders; 

 a
broad product range offering; and 

 the
ability to offer our products at an effective cost. 

We
generally produce oil country tubular goods and line pipe to fill specific orders
and, accordingly, we maintain the majority of our inventory in the form of
steel slabs, steel coils, work-in-process or finished goods earmarked for
specific orders. Some work-in-process and finished goods inventories are
maintained in order to provide flexibility in responding to customer delivery
demands. 

11 

We
can use steel slabs, scrap steel, and steel coils in the manufacture of our
tubular products. We purchased steel slabs to meet approximately 80 of our
steel needs in 2003, and it was often necessary for us to commit to purchase
slabs 60 to 120 days prior to production. We anticipate again using steel slabs
for most of our production needs in 2004. Our principal raw material for our
internally produced steel slabs is scrap steel, which is internally generated
from our operations and available in the spot market. The price of scrap steel
and steel slabs can be volatile, is influenced by a number of competitive
market conditions beyond our control, and is not directly related to the demand
for our products. 

In
March 2002, the U.S. Government imposed anti-dumping tariffs
(Section 201) over a three-year period on various types of imported steel,
principally steel coil, but also including steel slabs. We procure a substantial portion of our
steel slabs principally from Mexico and Brazil. Mexico and Canada were excluded from these tariffs. In the first year, a 30 tariff on countries
other than Mexico and Canada that produce steel slabs was only imposed after an
aggregate quota of 4.9 million tons was exceeded. In year two, a 24 tariff was imposed after a quota of 5.4
million tons was exceeded and, in the third year, an 18 tariff was to be
imposed once a quota of 5.8 million tons was exceeded. These actions reduced foreign imports of
steel coils and increased the cost of flat rolled steel. In addition, higher steel coil costs
resulted in increased demand for steel slabs. 
This increased demand caused prices for steel slabs to increase beginning
in the second half of 2002. Steel
prices remained higher and volatile for most of 2003 compared to 2002. While the cost of steel slabs fell 4 in the
fourth quarter of 2003 from the third quarter, the price of steel coils rose
during the fourth quarter such that the total average cost of our steel during
the quarter was only down 3 from the third quarter. Higher steel costs are expected for at least the first half of
2004 as well. 

Raw
materials for our specialty tubing products are readily available from multiple
sources. Steel coils and wire rod are the primary raw materials used in the
manufacture of our finned tubular products, and steel coils are the principal
raw material used in the manufacture of our precision mechanical tubulars. We
usually produce our specialty tubing products to meet specific orders and,
accordingly, inventory is managed to minimize the amount of finished goods on
hand. Work-in-process inventories are maintained in order to provide
flexibility in responding to customer needs. 

We
manufacture flat rolled steel primarily for use in producing oilfield and
precision mechanical tubulars, but also for sale to third parties. We
manufacture flat rolled steel using both purchased steel slabs and internally
produced slabs. 

EMPLOYEES 

At
December 31, 2003, Lone Star Technologies employed approximately 2,270
employees. Of this number,
approximately 940 employees, all at Steel, are a part of collective bargaining
agreements through three unions, the International Bricklayers of America Bricklayers
Union Security, Police Fire Professionals of America Security
Union and the United Steel Workers of America Steel Workers Union ). 

The
agreement between Steel and the Bricklayers Union has an expiration date of May
31, 2005 and covers five brick masons. 
The agreement between Steel and the Security Union has an expiration
date of September 30, 2006 and covers ten security professionals. The agreement between Steel and the Steel
Workers Union has an expiration date of May 31, 2005 and covers 866 production
and maintenance employees. The Company
would describe its relationship with these bargaining units as good. 

The
agreement between Star Tubular Services Inc. STSI ), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Steel, and the Steel Workers Union expired in February 2004. The expired agreement covered 59 warehouse
and maintenance employees. The wages
and benefits have remained intact. 
Steel gave notice to the Steel Workers Union that the contract is no
longer in effect. The Steel Workers
Union was further advised that the agreement s arbitration process and
procedure was also terminated. Steel
considers the current relationship with the associated workforce acceptable and
the employees continue to work without a contract. 

We
have dedicated necessary resources and made the commitment to design and
implement a health and safety program that will meet the Occupational Safety
 Health Administration s (OSHA) Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) Star
criteria at our facilities in Lone Star, Texas. The VPP safety management program goes beyond OSHA standards to
protect workers more effectively than simple compliance. We have also implemented a behavior-based
safety program that is employee driven to improve safety performance. 

We
 endeavor to provide a
safe and healthful work environment for our employees, contractors, vendors,
and visitors to our facilities. We
continuously monitor and update our safety programs and strive to exceed
OSHA requirements. 

12 

We
utilize a variety of video and classroom teaching methods to train our
employees on both OSHA required topics as well as facility-specific matters. 

FOREIGN OPERATIONS 

Our
export sales to destinations outside the United States were approximately 13.3
million in 2003, 24.0 million in 2002, and 45.3 million in 2001. We own a manufacturing facility in Quebec,
Canada and lease a manufacturing facility in Monterrey, Mexico. Long-lived assets maintained in Quebec,
Canada were 3.1 million and 2.8 million at December 31, 2003 and 2002,
respectively. Long-lived assets
maintained in Monterey, Mexico were 1.6 million and 2.1 million at
December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively. 
Our export sales of 13.3 million to destinations outside the United States
included 5.7 million from these foreign facilities in 2003. 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

Oilfield Products. Steel s operations are subject to extensive
environmental regulations with respect to air emissions, wastewater and storm
water discharges, and waste management. 
Our environmental protection and improvement expenditures were
approximately 3.6 million during the past three years, including expenditures
related to energy efficiency efforts, asbestos abatement, secondary containment
upgrades, PCB-contaminated electrical equipment elimination, waste disposal
site closures, and out-of-service facility remediation projects. 

In
connection with the cleanup of several offsite commercial waste management
sites, we, along with many other entities, have been designated a potentially
responsible party (PRP) by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
(CERCLA). CERCLA subjects PRPs to
potential liability for such cleanup costs. 
Cost estimates have been obtained for each of the cleanup actions, and
our share has been determined. Based
upon these estimates, we do not believe our liability, individually or in the
aggregate, will be material to our financial position and our results of
operations. 

The
solid waste units that received wastes defined as hazardous waste under the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) have been closed. The two RCRA units requiring continued
monitoring are undergoing post-closure care. 
Lone Star has submitted a letter to the Texas Commission on
Environmental Quality TCEQ guaranteeing the remaining cost of post-closure
care (estimated to be approximately 380,000), which meets our financial
assurance requirements. The TCEQ,
formerly the Texas Natural Resource Conservation Commission (TNRCC), is in the
process of determining what, if any, corrective action is required to address
the remaining non-RCRA solid waste management units. 

The
TCEQ conducted an extensive review of Steel s waste management practices during
2003 to evaluate compliance with applicable requirements for industrial solid
waste. The review was closed with no
further response required from Steel and no notice of violation. 

We
possess necessary authorizations for air emissions, wastewater and storm water
discharges and waste management. We are
presently in substantial compliance with our permits and applicable air, water
and waste management rules and regulations. 
We have an environmental management system in place, which conforms to
the internationally recognized ISO 14001:1996 standard, to assist in
maintaining compliance and improving performance. In addition, third party compliance audits are conducted
systematically of Steel s operations in accordance with the Texas Audit
Privilege Act. We do not expect future
environmental expenditures necessary to comply with existing environmental
rules and regulations to have a material impact on our financial position or
operations. 

Star Energy Group. The operations of DTP, DTI, Bellville, and
Wheeling are also subject to environmental regulations in the area of air
emissions, wastewater and storm water discharges and waste management. The companies possess or have applied for,
necessary authorizations for air emissions, wastewater and storm water
discharges, and waste management. All
facilities are classified as either Small Quantity Generators or Conditionally
Exempt Small Quantity Generators. 
Wastes are temporarily stored onsite, but are disposed or recycled
offsite by a third party. There are no
onsite waste disposal units. 

Specialty Tubing. 
Fintube is also subject to environmental regulations in the area of air
emissions, wastewater and storm water discharges, and waste management, and
possesses necessary authorizations for such activities. Wastes are temporarily stored onsite, but
are disposed or recycled offsite by a third party. Fintube does not use onsite waste disposal units. 

13 

INTERNET WEBSITE POSTINGS 

Our
internet website is www.lonestartech.com. 
We make available through our internet website our annual report on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and
amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to,
the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

In
addition, our code of business conduct and ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines,
and Charter of the Audit, Corporate Governance, and Human Resources Committees
are available on our website and in print to any shareholder who requests a
printed copy. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
manufacture our oilfield products, precision mechanical tubulars, flat rolled
steel and other products at our facilities located on an approximately
2,000-acre site we own in Lone Star, Texas which contains over 2,000,000 square
feet of manufacturing space. The
original facilities, constructed in the 1940 s and 1950 s have been expanded
and modernized, and include two EAFs equipped with oxy-fuel burners with a
combined capacity of approximately 360,000 ingot tons per year; two rolling
mills, a two-high mill that rolls the EAF ingots into slabs and a four-high 
single stand reversing Steckel mill that produces flat rolled coils; coil
slitting and handling equipment; two pipe welding mills; seven draw benches,
including the largest specialty tubing drawbench in the Western Hemisphere;
three heat-treating facilities; numerous types of ultrasonic and
electromagnetic testing and inspection equipment; finishing facilities at which
oil country tubular goods are threaded and couplings are applied; and various
support facilities including a shortline railroad and other transportation and
storage facilities. 

We
also have 91,000 square feet of oilfield products manufacturing facilities in
Bellville, Texas. We manufacture our
finned tubular products in approximately 364,000 square feet of manufacturing
facilities on approximately 71.5 acres that we own or lease in the Tulsa,
Oklahoma metropolitan area; Quebec, Canada; and Monterrey, Mexico. Our coupling products are manufactured at
three owned facilities totaling 267,940 square feet of manufacturing, warehouse
and office space and located in Pine Bluff, Arkansas on 12.7 acres; Hughes
Springs, Texas on 19.4 acres; and Houston, Texas on 5.3 acres. Our headquarters are located in leased
facilities in Dallas, Texas. 

Delta
Tubular Processing operates in a total 117,000 square feet situated on
approximately 150 acres of land that we own in Houston, Texas. Delta Tubular International utilizes 165,000
square feet located on approximately 80 acres of land that we own in Houston,
Texas. Both facilities utilize the
owned acreage for pipe storage and warehousing. 

We
own 7,000 acres in Texas that was purchased primarily for iron ore, coal
reserves, or water rights and mineral interests in an additional 12,000 acres
in Oklahoma and 60,000 acres in Texas. 
No minerals have been recovered from these properties for many years
because their use is no longer required in our operations. We own nominal oil and gas interests in an
additional 18,000 acres in Texas. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On
August 16, 2001, we entered into an agreement to purchase the assets of
North Star Steel Company s Tubular Products Division. Consummation of the acquisition was subject to completion of
financing arrangements. Due to lack of
common stock financing which, along with certain debt financing, was required
by the acquisition agreement to close the acquisition, we notified Cargill,
Incorporated, the parent company of North Star Steel Company, on
December 14, 2001, that we were not able to complete the acquisition. Later that day, Cargill, Incorporated notified
us that it was filing a lawsuit against us seeking unspecified damages and
alleging that we had breached the agreement. 
On March 13, 2003, the jury in the court of the Fourth Judicial
District of the State of Minnesota returned a verdict of 32 million in damages
against Lone Star. We believe that we
have fully performed all of our obligations under the acquisition agreement and
are vigorously contesting the verdict, which is on appeal. We have set up a reserve totaling 34
million which includes accrued interest of 2 million and is included in
noncurrent liabilities at December 31, 2003. We have also set aside cash of 32.2 million as restricted cash,
which includes accrued interest of 0.2 million at December 31, 2003. 

During
the last five years, our subsidiary, Lone Star Steel Company Steel ), has
been named as one of a number of defendants in 36 lawsuits alleging that
certain individuals were exposed to asbestos on the defendants premises. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified
damages. To date several of these
lawsuits have been settled for approximately 

14 

60,000
in the aggregate. Of the 36 lawsuits,
twelve have been settled or are pending settlement and nine have been dismissed
or are pending dismissal. Steel did not
manufacture or distribute any products containing asbestos. Some or all of these claims may not be
covered by our insurance. We have
accrued for our estimated exposure to known claims, but do not know the extent
to which future claims may be filed. 
Therefore, we cannot estimate our exposure, if any, to unasserted
claims. 

In
2003, Lone Star s subsidiary Zinklahoma, Inc., inactive since 1989, was named
as one of a number of defendants in five lawsuits alleging that the plaintiffs
had contracted mesothelioma as the result of exposure to asbestos in products
manufactured by the defendants and John Zink Company Zink ). Two of these lawsuits have been dismissed. Lone Star acquired the stock of Zink in 1987
and, in 1989, sold the assets of the former Zink to Koch Industries, Inc. Koch and renamed the now-inactive subsidiary Zinklahoma, Inc. Lone Star retained, and agreed to indemnify
Koch against, certain pre-closing liabilities of Zink. It is Lone Star s understanding that Zink
never manufactured asbestos and primarily used it only in certain purchased
gaskets that were encapsulated in copper and contained in burners and flares
made by Zink prior to 1984, when Zink ceased using asbestos-containing products
entirely. Koch continues to operate the
business as John Zink Company, LLC Zink LLC ). In addition, Zink LLC has been named in eight lawsuits in which
the plaintiffs, one of whom has mesothelioma, allege exposure to asbestos in
Zink s products and three personal injury lawsuits resulting from a 2001
explosion and flash fire at a flare stack and crude unit atmospheric
heater. Zink allegedly manufactured the
flare and related components for the flare stack in the early 1970s. Koch is seeking indemnification from Lone
Star with respect to these eleven lawsuits. 
The costs of defending and settling the lawsuits alleging exposure to
asbestos in Zink s products have been borne by Zink s insurance carrier. Lone Star believes that Koch s indemnity
claim with respect to the 2001 explosion and flash fire is covered by its
insurance, subject to a deductible, and has notified its insurance carrier of
that claim. 

Steel s
workers compensation insurance was with one insurance carrier from 1992
through 2001. In March 2002 that
carrier was declared insolvent and placed in receivership. Since then, the Texas Property and Casualty
Insurance Guaranty Association TPCIGA has been paying the insolvent
carrier s obligations under those insurance policies, as required by Texas law. Through February 2, 2004 TPCIGA had
paid 1.6 million in claims under those policies, and it estimates that it will
pay an additional 2.0 million in claims over the next few years, for an
estimated total of 3.6 million. 

Of
this total, about 2.3 million relate to claims that are more than the policy
deductibles (the excess claims ), and the remaining 1.3 million relate to
claims that are less than the policy deductibles (the deductible
claims ). TPCIGA is entitled by law to
recover from the insured the amount of certain insurance claims paid by it if
the insured s net worth is more than 50 million on December 31 of the
year before the insurance carrier became insolvent. Because Steel s net worth on December 31, 2001 was more than
 50 million, TPCIGA asserts that Steel owes it the 1.6 million for claims paid
so far and that it can recover from Steel the estimated future claim payments
of about 2.0 million as they are paid. 
Steel contends, however, that part of TPCIGA s claim for reimbursement -
the 2.3 million of excess claims - is without merit because Steel and its
legal counsel believe that the Texas law in question does not apply to workers 
compensation insurance. Steel intends
to defend vigorously against this claim. 

Steel
 believes that it is most likely liable for the estimated 1.3 million of deductible claims, but Steel
contends that this potential liability is reduced by a 0.9 million deposit that Steel paid to the insurance
carrier before its impairment. This
contention is being contested by TPCIGA. 
Steel is uncertain how much, if any, of the deposit is recoverable from
the receiver, and it is difficult to evaluate Steel s deductible reimbursement
defense since it involves the interpretation of a statute that would be a case
of first impression. Therefore, Steel
has not recognized a liability in the balance sheet for the estimated 2.3
million of TPCIGA past and future payments of excess claims. It also has not recognized a liability in
the event that Steel is unable to either recover or offset the 0.9 million
deposit amount. 

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A
VOTE OF SHAREHOLDERS 

None. 

15 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

Lone
Star s Common Stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
LSS. The following table summarizes the
range of trading prices by quarter for the last two years: 

2003 

2002 

High 

Low 

High 

Low 

First quarter 

22.09 

12.00 

22.92 

13.63 

Second quarter 

25.25 

19.85 

30.25 

19.90 

Third quarter 

21.12 

13.00 

23.15 

10.68 

Fourth quarter 

16.86 

12.91 

16.20 

9.75 

As
of February 16, 2004, we had 2,794 common shareholders of record. We have not paid dividends on our common
stock since becoming a public company and have no present plan to do so. 

Information
required under this item with respect to securities authorized for issuance
under equity compensation plans is contained in Lone Star s proxy statement for
the 2004 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by
reference. 

16 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

and shares in millions, except
per share and employee data) 

2003(1) 

2002(2) 

2001 

2000(3) 

1999 

Oilfield products revenues 

364.8 

304.2 

401.9 

362.0 

187.3 

Specialty tubing products revenues 

121.8 

165.4 

187.7 

220.9 

126.6 

Flat rolled and other tubular revenues 

47.5 

54.1 

60.6 

62.4 

48.1 

Total revenues 

534.1 

523.7 

650.2 

645.3 

362.0 

Gross profit 

5.2 

7.4 

69.3 

85.9 

12.8 

Selling, general, and administrative
 expenses 

(61.5 

(69.2 

(36.1 

(33.7 

(15.5 

Operating income (loss) 

(56.3 

(61.8 

33.2 

52.2 

(2.7 

Net income (loss) 

(68.2 

(69.2 

16.4 

38.6 

(5.5 

Net income (loss) per common share - basic 

(2.40 

(2.52 

0.67 

1.59 

(0.24 

Net income (loss) per common share -
 diluted 

(2.40 

(2.52 

0.66 

1.59 

(0.24 

Common shares used for diluted EPS 

28.4 

27.5 

25.0 

24.3 

22.5 

Current assets 

272.6 

341.8 

325.1 

257.5 

172.1 

Total assets 

575.6 

612.9 

580.8 

515.3 

351.1 

Current liabilities 

88.4 

59.9 

66.1 

91.7 

85.2 

Noncurrent liabilities 

241.3 

240.4 

199.4 

167.8 

70.0 

Total liabilities 

329.7 

300.3 

265.5 

259.5 

155.2 

Shareholders equity 

245.9 

312.6 

315.3 

255.8 

195.9 

Shares outstanding 

28.7 

28.5 

25.2 

23.7 

22.6 

Other Financial and Operating Data: 

Cash flows from operating activities 

(40.6 

(12.4 

31.3 

(8.6 

28.1 

Cash flows from investing activities 

(48.0 

(54.0 

(14.7 

(96.6 

(11.7 

Cash flows from financing activities 

0.5 

81.5 

63.2 

109.7 

(15.1 

Earnings before interest, taxes,
 depreciation and amortization(4) 

(28.7 

(37.9 

50.7 

74.2 

14.0 

Capital expenditures 

14.4 

15.9 

25.2 

23.3 

7.2 

Active employees 

2,270 

1,900 

1,892 

2,358 

1,554 

Reconciliation of EBITDA (as defined)(4) to
 Cash Flows from Operations: 

Cash flows from operating activities 

(40.6 

(12.4 

31.3 

(8.6 

28.1 

Non-cash charge for stock compensation 

(1.1 

0.1 

0.2 

(0.7 

Net loss (gain) on asset disposals and
 impairments 

(0.4 

0.1 

Goodwill impairment 

(18.7 

Changes in working capital 

(15.2 

(11.4 

2.7 

63.4 

(22.0 

Other balance sheet changes 

33.2 

(23.8 

5.8 

5.9 

5.1 

Interest expense, net 

14.0 

10.2 

9.9 

12.4 

2.8 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

0.1 

(0.7 

0.8 

1.8 

EBITDA 

(28.7 

(37.9 

50.7 

74.2 

14.0 

(1) Includes
the results of operations of Delta and Delta International since the
acquisitions became effective on May 1, 2003 and June 2, 2003,
respectively. 

 (2) Includes
Wheeling results of operations since the acquisition became effective on
October 1, 2002. 

 (3) Includes
the results of operations of Fintube and Bellville since the acquisitions
became effective on January 1, 2000 and April 1, 2000, respectively. 

 (4) EBITDA
is earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is presented to help us describe our
ability to generate income that can be used to service our debt. EBITDA is a non-GAAP liquidity measure
commonly used in our industry and should not be considered as an alternative
measure of our net income or cash flows from operations as computed in accordance
with GAAP. Amounts presented may not be
comparable to similar measures disclosed by other companies. 

17 

ITEM 7 . MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 

 OPERATIONS 

OVERVIEW 

This MD A should be read in conjunction with the other
sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Item 1: Business 
 Item 6: Selected Financial Data and Item 8: Consolidated Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data. The various sections of this MD A contain
a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current
expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risk factors
described throughout this filing and particularly in the Overview, Principal Lines of Business, Products, and
Services, and Significant Events sections. 
Our actual results may differ materially. 

The
manufacture of our products is capital intensive. Utilization rates at our
manufacturing facilities in Lone Star, Texas increased only slightly in 2003
compared to 2002 as demand for our premium alloy-grade oilfield products did
not increase to the levels we had anticipated, though the working rig count
increased significantly throughout the year. 
The change in mix resulted in our average OCTG sales price falling 2 in
2003 compared to the prior year even though total shipments of OCTG increased
28 during the same period. O therwise,
prices were generally higher in 2003 compared to 2002, except for alloy-grade
casing products. Specialty tubing demand continued to remain
depressed throughout most of 2003 with the overall general flatness in the
domestic economy, although sales were up in the fourth quarter of 2003 compared
to the third quarter, and the amount of customer inquiry level increased in the
latter half of the fourth quarter. 
Shipments of flat rolled steel were down 16 in 2003 compared to
2002. Revenues were down 12 as average
prices increased 5 during 2003 over the prior year. 

Overall,
total shipment volumes were down 3 in 2003 compared to the prior year. The reduced production volumes had a
negative impact on the cost of our products sold throughout the year as fixed
and semi-fixed costs were absorbed by fewer units produced. 

Historically,
our oilfield products have accounted for the majority of our total
revenues. For fiscal year 2003, they
were 68 of total revenues. As a
result, our revenues are largely dependent upon the state of the oil and gas
industry, which has historically been volatile. Oil and natural gas prices were higher on average throughout 2003
compared to 2002 as higher energy demand and relatively low supply maintained
upward pressure on pricing. This
prompted domestic U.S. rig counts to climb throughout the first half of 2003 from
862 rigs at the end of 2002 and subsequently stabilize around an average of
1,100 rigs during the second half of 2003. 
However, drilling continued to be biased toward lower-risk, shallow
developmental fields such as shale areas in Texas and coal seam methane plays.
Shallow wells use mainly carbon-grade OCTG, which generally has lower margins
than our alloy-grade premium products. Further,
shallow wells require proportionally fewer tons per foot of well depth than
deeper wells as the initial surface casing is generally smaller in diameter, fewer
intermediate casing strings are needed, and generally the wall thickness of the
casing is less. In addition, imports, which accounted for
35 of the total apparent OCTG consumption in 2003 compared to 31 in 2002, are
typically more accepted for these less critical shallow well applications. 

Demand
for our oilfield products depends on a number of factors including the number
of oil and natural gas wells being drilled, completed and re-worked and the
depth and drilling conditions of these wells. 
Baker Hughes reported the average domestic rig count increased in 2003
to 1,032 working rigs, or by 24 compared to the previous year average of 830
working rigs. Although most of the
drilling has skewed towards shallow-well developmental fields, beginning in the
second half of 2003 there was a sustained increase in the number of rigs
drilling deeper than 15,000 feet, wherein the need for higher-margin, premium
alloy-grade products increases. During
the fourth quarter of 2003, there were 155 to 160 rigs drilling deeper than
15,000 feet compared to a range of 125 to 130 rigs drilling at that depth
during the first half of 2003. While we have not seen a corresponding increase
in orders for premium alloy-grade OCTG used in deeper wells, we believe this
trend will positively impact demand for these products as deeper well activity
progresses. 

The
inventory level maintained by our distributors is another key indicator of
supply and demand for our oilfield products. 
As a proxy for industry OCTG inventory on-hand, we analyze levels at our
owned warehousing operations where we maintain inventories for distributors and
end-users on a fee basis. We then
compare these inventories to the active domestic rig count. We noted a historically large gap between
the total inventories held at our warehousing operations and the rig counts
that began in the fourth quarter of 2002 and continued throughout 2003. We believe that this trend in lower
inventories is due to several factors including distributors becoming more
efficient in their inventory management practices and the shallow well
environment which requires shorter lead times in supplying end-users than
deeper, more technically challenging drilling. 
We believe that as end-users continue their trend towards deeper well drilling,
the demand for our premium alloy-grade products will increase. 

18 

Steel
costs are approximately 55 of our total cost of sales and are the largest
single component of product cost. 
Accordingly, increases in steel costs and our ability to pass those
increases on to our customers through product pricing have a significant impact
on our results from operations. During
2003, we announced several OCTG price increases totaling approximately 135 per
ton. However, only about one-third of
the announced price increases were realized or impacted program sales. Additionally, we had a similar realization
of announced price increases for line pipe during the year. At the end of 2003, as a response to significantly
higher raw material costs from our vendors, namely steel and natural gas, we
implemented surcharges to balance these higher costs. We initially announced a surcharge of 42 per ton effective
January 1, 2004 for all oilfield product shipments which was subsequently
replaced by a 60 per ton surcharge beginning February 1, 2004 as our
principal steel sources announced further steel price increases and larger
surcharges. We implemented similar
price increases and surcharges of like or greater magnitude for our specialty
tubing products. We believe these
measures are essential as industry observers expect substantial steel price
volatility to continue. 

Our
future operating results may fluctuate significantly depending upon a number of
factors, including industry conditions, the level of oil and gas drilling
activity, competition from domestic and foreign manufacturers, and costs of our
raw materials. Our finned tubular
products are affected by the level of domestic and foreign demand for power
generation, the relative state of the general industrial economy, as well as
domestic and foreign competition. 

The
level of production volume through our various facilities has a significant
effect on the cost of manufacturing. Key variable costs include costs of labor
and raw materials, including scrap steel, steel slabs, wire rod, steel coils,
electricity, and natural gas. Most of
our finned tubes and other heat recovery products are manufactured in specific
configurations as ordered. Accordingly,
our manufacturing costs for heat recovery products are to some extent factored
into product prices on an order-by-order basis. 

We
have entered into marketing alliances and manufacturing arrangements with
several companies. These alliances and arrangements involve the marketing of
their products which provides us access to additional manufacturing
capacity. Our exclusive commercial
alliances with these mills allows us to outsource production of specific types
of OCTG, line pipe, and specialty tubing and enables us to concentrate our
capital expenditures and manufacturing expertise on our premium products and
new technologies. We will continue to
explore opportunities to expand our global alliance partners to enable us to
offer our customers a wider variety of tubular products at competitive prices
while enhancing our margins, and to focus our production on higher-margin
premium products. 

PRINCIPAL LINES OF BUSINESS, PRODUCTS, AND
SERVICES 

Oilfield Products - Our oilfield products consist
of (1) casing, which acts as a structural retainer wall in oil and natural gas
wellbores, (2) production tubing, which transmits hydrocarbons to the surface,
(3) line pipe, which is used in gathering and transmitting hydrocarbons, (4)
couplings, which are used to connect individual sections of oilfield casing and
tubing, and (5) OCTG finishing services, including threading, thermal treating,
upsetting, non-destructive testing, inspection, and storage services. 

We
expect demand for our oilfield products to increase throughout 2004 as higher
oil and gas prices are expected to sustain the growth in the number of active
drilling rigs. The U.S. Energy
Information Agency EIA projected that the average West Texas Intermediate
(WTI) crude oil prices should remain in the 28 to 30 per barrel range, prior
to OPEC s announcement in February 2004 to cut crude output by one million
barrels per day, or about 10 . OPEC s
decision is expected to provide further upward pressure on WTI crude oil prices
throughout 2004. The EIA expects U.S.
petroleum demand to grow at an approximate 2 growth rate in 2004 and 2005 due
in part to the accelerating growth of the domestic economy and high natural gas
prices. U.S. natural gas spot prices
were consistently above 5 per million Btu during 2003 and the EIA expects it
to average just under 5 per million Btu price during 2004 and 2005 while
natural gas storage levels remain only slightly above historic averages. We believe that these are positive
indicators of increasing and sustainable demand for our oilfield products in
2004. 

Specialty Tubing Products - Our specialty tubing product segment
includes precision mechanical tubulars and finned tubular products. Our precision mechanical tubulars consist of
a wide array of high-quality, custom-made steel tubular products with precise
dimensional control and special metallurgical properties which are manufactured
by the Drawn Over Mandrel process. This process allows us to achieve higher
critical tolerances and dimensional control than other processes. These
products are used for several industrial applications, including the
manufacture of hydraulic cylinders for construction and farm equipment;
automotive applications, such as stabilizers and intrusion 

19 

tubes;
and other uses, including machine parts, bearing races, down-hole pump barrels,
heavy-lift crane boom chords, drill rods, and liner hangers. 

Demand
for precision mechanical tubulars within the traditional markets remained
depressed throughout most of 2003 due to the continuing stagnation in the
industrial economic sector. However,
during the fourth quarter of 2003, revenues from precision mechanical tubulars
were up 8 from the third quarter as the overall domestic economy began to show
signs of improvement. The Institute of
Supply Management Index, a widely followed monthly survey of manufacturing
activity, reached a level not seen in twenty years. We believe that demand for our precision mechanical tubing
products in 2004 will continue to be positively impacted by the recovery in the
general domestic economy. 

Our
finned tubular products are used in heat recovery applications such as fuel
economizers, petrochemical plants, refineries, and combined-cycle electrical
power generation plants. Demand for
domestically produced finned tubulars and related products continued to be
negatively impacted in 2003 as a result of curtailed and cancelled
combined-cycle natural-gas power plant construction projects throughout North
America, and the continued stagnation in the industrial economy over most of
2003. With few exceptions, demand for
new power plant construction projects is not likely to return in the near term
until existing capacity is utilized. 
However, the EIA believes that the natural gas share of electricity
generation is projected to increase from 17 percent in 2001 to 29 percent by
2025. Further, since reorganizing our
finned tubular business around new marketing and commercial business lines
directed at more traditional heat recovery markets including fuel economizers
and traditional boiler applications, we have recently experienced increased
customer inquiry activity related to the improvement in the general industrial
economy. 

Flat Rolled Steel and Other Products - We manufacture and market flat rolled
steel, which is primarily used in the manufacture of our oil country tubular
products. We also sell flat rolled steel to fabricators of large-diameter
transmission pipe, storage tanks, rail cars and a variety of other construction
and industrial products. Our other products are principally used for structural
and piling applications in the construction industry. We sell flat rolled steel directly to end-users and through
service centers primarily in the Southwestern region of the United States. 

We
sell flat rolled steel in highly competitive markets, with price, quality, and
availability primarily determining customer purchase decisions. Flat rolled steel processing services are
also sold to steel mills where we receive processing revenues but do not take
title to the steel. 

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS 

As
a result of the economic slowdown that began in 2001 and continued well into
2003, many of our specialty tubing customers cut back capital expenditure
budgets and investment in inventories. 
These cut backs contributed to the decrease in our specialty tubing
revenues beginning in late 2001 and through 2003. 

To
help counter the financial impact of the reduction in specialty tubing revenue,
we undertook a series of initiatives to streamline our cost structure and
re-align our operations with the marketplace and industry conditions. These initiatives included workforce
reductions both at our East Texas mill and Tulsa operations, consolidation of
excess facilities, and a re-focus of our manufacturing capabilities on more
traditional heat recovery markets. 
These cost and productivity initiatives yielded between 5 million and
 6 million in annual savings and we have additional plans company-wide to
further reduce costs and improve our performance in 2004 including: 

A new company-wide cost and profitability
improvement plan of an annualized value of approximately 20 million by the end
of 2004; 

 Implementation of product surcharges and
price increases to mitigate raw material cost increases along with a
realization of previously announced price increases; 

 Improved
pricing within our precision mechanical tubular products related to improving
domestic industrial demand benefiting our specialty tubing products; and 

 The continued growth of higher margin
activities from recently acquired businesses. 

As
a result of the decrease in revenues from our Tulsa operations along with an
anticipated lower growth in future revenues from this operation, we took a
non-cash charge of 18.7 million in the fourth quarter for the impairment of
the operation s recorded goodwill. See
Note C in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 

20 

In
May and June 2003, we completed our acquisitions of Delta and Delta
International, respectively. Delta and
Delta International are leaders in providing OCTG end-finishing and inspection
services. The results of operations for
2003 include the results of Delta and Delta International since their
respective dates of acquisition. See
Note K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis, Results of Operations, and Financial Condition are
based on the related consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. The
preparation of the financial statements requires the use of estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and
expenses. Lone Star evaluates its
estimates primarily based on historical experience and business knowledge. These estimates are evaluated by management
and revised as circumstances change. A
discussion of the significant estimates made by Lone Star follows: 

Warranty Claims 

Our
products are used in applications which are subject to inherent risks including
well failures, performance deficiencies, line pipe leaks, personal injury,
property damage, environmental contamination, or loss of production. We warrant our products to meet certain
specifications. Actual or claimed
deficiencies in meeting these specifications may give rise to claims. We maintain a reserve for asserted and
unasserted warranty claims. The warranty
claim exposure is evaluated using historical claim trends and information
available on specifically asserted claims. We also maintain product and excess
liability insurance subject to certain deductibles that limits our exposure to
these claims. We consider the extent of
insurance coverage in our estimate of the reserve. Typically, this reserve is not subject to significant
fluctuations from period to period. 
However, the incurrence of an unusual amount of claims could alter our
exposure and the related reserve. 

Bad Debts 

Our
customers are concentrated in markets and industries that are subject to
volatility. In addition, we sell a
substantial amount of products to a few customers. We maintain a reserve for known and unknown bad debts. We evaluate credit risk and the adequacy of
our reserve by monitoring the age of our accounts receivable and the credit
worthiness of our customers. In
addition, we monitor the overall status of the industries where our products
and services are utilized. Typically,
this reserve is not subject to significant fluctuations from period to
period. However, the incurrence of an
unusual amount of bad debt could alter our exposure and the related reserve. 

Environmental Obligations 

Our
business is subject to numerous environmental regulations. We are actively remediating a few known
exposures and conducting post closure monitoring activities. Our environmental department monitors the
status of our environmental exposures and compliance with regulations through
various means. We maintain an
environmental reserve to cover the costs of expected remediation and post
closure monitoring. We estimate the
range of cost for the remediation and post closure based on historical
experience, results of monitoring and the known extent of exposure. We evaluate the range of exposure and record
the reserve at the most probable amount within that range. Typically, this
reserve is not subject to significant fluctuations from period to period; although
given the nature of environmental exposure, significant changes in the reserve
are possible. 

Revenue Recognition 

Product
revenues are recognized as sales when revenue is earned and is realized or
realizable. This includes satisfying
the following criteria: the arrangement
with the customer is evident, usually through the receipt of a purchase order;
the sales price is fixed or determinable; delivery has occurred, which may
include delivery to the customer storage warehouse location at one of our
subsidiaries in which instance, the risk of loss has been passed to the
customer; and collectibility is reasonably assured. Freight and shipping that is billed to customers is included in
net sales, and the cost of shipping is included in cost of sales. We have marketing agreements to sell steel
oilfield tubular products manufactured by other companies. Revenue is recorded on a gross basis for
certain transactions with alliance mills 

21 

when
we are the primary obligor and we have general inventory and credit risk, and
certain other transactions are recorded net. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets, which include property, goodwill, intangible assets, and certain other
assets, comprise a significant amount of our total assets. We make judgments and estimates in
conjunction with the carrying value of these assets, including amounts to be
capitalized, depreciation and amortization methods, and useful lives.
Additionally, the carrying values of these assets are periodically reviewed for
impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 
An impairment loss is recorded in the period in which it is determined
that the carrying amount is not recoverable. This requires us to make long-term
forecasts of our future revenues and costs related to the assets subject to
review. These forecasts require assumptions about demand for our products and
services, future market conditions, and technological developments. Significant
and unanticipated changes to these assumptions could require a provision for
impairment in a future period. 

Pension and Postretirement Benefit
Obligations 

Accounting
for pensions and other postretirement benefit plans requires management to make
several estimates and assumptions (see Note I in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements). These include
the expected rate of return from investment of the plans assets, projected
increases in medical costs and the expected retirement age of employees as well
as their projected mortality. In
addition, the amounts recorded are affected by changes in the interest rate
environment because the associated liabilities are discounted to their present
value. Management makes these
estimates based on the company s historical experience and other information
that it deems pertinent under the circumstances (for example, expectations of
future stock market performance). 
Management engages an independent consulting actuarial firm to aid it in
selecting appropriate assumptions and valuing its pension related liabilities. 

Lone
Star s net pension benefit expense, which is included in Cost of goods sold 
on our Consolidated Results of Operations, was 5.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2003. In recording
this amount, Lone Star assumed a long-term investment rate of return of
8 . Changes to this rate of return
assumption would result in a change to the pension credit and, as a result, an
equal change in cost of goods sold. 
Changes that are reasonably likely to occur in assumptions concerning
retirement age, projected earnings and mortality would not be expected to have
a material effect on Lone Star s net pension benefit expense or net pension
liability in the future. The net
pension liability is recorded at its net present value using a discount rate of
6.25 that is based on the current interest rate environment; therefore,
management has little discretion in this assumption. 

Lone
Star s net cost for other postretirement benefits, which is also included in
cost of goods sold, was 1.6 million for the year ended December 31,
2003. In recording this expense and
valuing the net liability for other postretirement benefits, which is included
in Other Benefits as disclosed in Note I, management estimated future
increases in health-care costs. This
and other assumptions, along with the effect of a one percentage point change
in them, are described in Note I. 

22 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Net Revenues 

 Our
revenues are derived from three business segments: oilfield products, specialty
tubing products, and flat rolled steel and other products and services. In the last three years, net revenues and
shipments by segment were as follows: 

in
 millions) 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Oilfield products 

364.8 

68 

304.2 

58 

401.9 

62 

Specialty tubing products 

121.8 

23 

165.4 

32 

187.7 

29 

Flat rolled steel and other products 

47.5 

9 

54.1 

10 

60.6 

9 

Consolidated net revenues 

534.1 

100 

523.7 

100 

650.2 

100 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Tons 

Tons 

Tons 

Oilfield products 

496,200 

68 

457,600 

60 

580,300 

65 

Specialty tubing products 

104,900 

14 

143,800 

19 

154,100 

17 

Flat rolled steel and other products 

132,700 

18 

158,700 

21 

161,000 

18 

Total shipments 

733,800 

100 

760,100 

100 

895,400 

100 

The
increase in oilfield product revenues in 2003 compared to 2002 was due in part
to a 28 increase in total OCTG shipments slightly offset by a 2 decrease in
average OCTG revenue per ton. This
increase in revenues was primarily related to increased demand for our
lower-margin carbon-grade OCTG products, which typically are used in more
shallow wells, resulting in a reduced mix of higher priced products. Shallow wells require proportionally fewer
tons per foot of well depth than deeper wells as the initial surface casing is
generally smaller in diameter, fewer intermediate casing strings are needed,
and generally the wall thickness of the casing is less. 
Average revenues per ton of our alloy-grade OCTG in 2003 did not change
from 2002 despite several announced price increases. Shipments of carbon-grade OCTG increased by 42 in 2003 compared
to the prior year while shipments of premium alloy-grade OCTG increased 19 
over the same period as the average rig count increased by 24 from 2002 to
2003. The number of working rigs is
the most commonly followed indicator of demand for oilfield products. 

Line
pipe revenues, which were approximately 16 of total oilfield product segment
revenues in 2003, were down 31 on a 31 decrease in shipment volumes in 2003
compared to 2002. Although average
revenue per ton did not change, the decrease in shipments is due principally to
the termination of a commercial alliance arrangement for seam-annealed line
pipe in the second half of 2002, which accounted for approximately 79,800 tons
shipped in 2002 and only 3,400 tons in 2003. 
This alliance produced only nominal operating profits in 2002. 

Oilfield
product revenues in 2002 included only three months of revenues of our
September 2002 Wheeling acquisition and none from our 2003 Delta and Delta
International acquisitions. In 2003,
these three operations contributed approximately 10 of the total oilfield
product revenues. 

Revenues
from specialty tubing products decreased in 2003 compared to the prior year as
the general industrial economy remained in a contraction through most of the
year. Total specialty tubing shipments
decreased 27 and revenues decreased 26 in 2003 compared to 2002. Average revenue per ton shipped decreased by
1 in 2003 compared to 2002 as the over capacity within the industry that
preceded the decline in the industrial economy placed downward pressure on
pricing. The trend of original
equipment manufacturers OEM that relocate to countries with substantially
lower operating rates than the United States continued to reduce demand for
domestic specialty tubing products. Similarly, excess capacity in the North American
electricity generating market and foreign competitors continue to negatively
impact sales of our heat recovery tubulars. 

Revenues
from our flat rolled steel segment decreased in 2003 compared to 2002 as our
two principal customers, who accounted for 76 and 73 of total flat rolled
revenues in 2003 and 2002, respectively, decreased their purchase of our flat
rolled products by 28 in 2003 compared to 2002. However, in the fourth quarter of 2003, flat rolled revenues
increased to 14.3 million, a 61 increase compared to the third quarter of
2003, due principally to the tightening domestic steel supply during the fourth
quarter. 

23 

Gross Margin 

The
following table shows cost of sales and the related gross margin percentages GM for the last three years: 

in
 millions) 

2003 

2002 

2001 

GM 

GM 

GM 

Cost of goods sold 

528.9 

1.0 

516.3 

1.4 

580.9 

10.7 

Gross
margin declined slightly in 2003 compared to 2002, but remained just above
break-even as significantly higher raw material costs, namely steel and natural
gas, combined with a difficult year in product pricing, reduced margins across
all product lines. Although we announced
several OCTG price increases totaling approximately 135 per ton during the
year, only about one-third of these announced price increases were realized or
impacted existing customer programs. We
had similar low realization of announced line pipe and specialty tubing price
increases during 2003. Our inability to
realize price increases was principally due to an increase in foreign imports
and competitive pressures domestically and internationally. For OCTG, imports increased from an average
of 31 of the apparent consumption of domestic OCTG in 2002 to 35 in 2003. 

Selling, General, and Administrative
Expenses 

The
following table presents consolidated selling, general, and administrative SG A expenses and the related percentage of total consolidated revenues
for the last three years: 

in
 millions) 

2003 

2002 

2001 

of 
 Rev. 

of 
 Rev. 

of 
 Rev. 

Selling, general, and administrative 

61.5 

11.5 

69.2 

13.2 

36.1 

5.6 

Excluding
the impact of significant non-recurring charges of 18.7 million for a goodwill
impairment in 2003 and a 32 million charge for an unfavorable litigation
judgment in 2002, SG A expenses increased by 5.6 million in 2003 compared
to 2002. This increase was due
principally to the inclusion of 4.7 million of SG A expenses from a full year of Wheeling s operations and
a partial year of DTP's and DTI s operations in 2003. In comparison, for 2002, total SG A expense included only 0.4 million of Wheeling SG A
costs. The remaining increase in 2003
compared to 2002 is due to expenditures for our Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404
readiness initiative and additional legal costs related to our appeal of the
Cargill judgment. These increases were
partially offset by our initiatives to reduce costs and improve profitability
implemented during 2003 totaling between 5 million and 6 million. 

Interest Expense 

Interest
expense increased in 2003 compared to 2002 by 2.7 million, principally as a
result of interest accruing on the 32 million unfavorable judgment against
Lone Star in 2002. 

Income Taxes 

Lone Star s effective tax rate is affected by
the carryforward of net operating losses NOL recognized or not recognized
in a particular year and the full valuation allowance placed against the
associated net deferred tax assets. In
2003, the tax benefit at the U.S. statutory rate of 35 was reduced by 25.5
million of NOL benefit not recognized in the current period as management
believes that it is more likely than not the related tax benefits would not be
realized. The ultimate realization of
our deferred tax assets depends upon our ability to generate sufficient taxable
income in the future. Accordingly, due
to the uncertainty regarding possible utilization of NOL s and the sensitivity
of our earnings to the level of domestic drilling activity, we record a
valuation allowance to fully reserve the computed net deferred tax assets. The income tax expense for the year ended
December 31, 2003 consists of state income taxes. 

2002 Compared With 2001 

Net revenues of 523.7 million for the year ended December 31,
2002 were down 19 from 2001. Oilfield
products revenues decreased by 97.7 million, or 24 , to 304.2 million, and
shipment volumes were off by 21 from the prior year. Demand for oilfield products is generally correlated to the
number of rigs drilling. There were an
average 

24 

of
830 active rigs in 2002 compared to 1,156 in 2001, or a decrease of 28 . Drilling activity decreased steadily through
the first quarter of 2002 and although the average domestic rig count for the
second quarter of 2002 was slightly lower than for the first quarter, it did
increase by nearly 100 rigs from the low of 738 rigs at the beginning of
April according to Baker Hughes. 
However, after the 100 rig increase, the average domestic rig count
remained flat through the third quarter and ended the year at an average of 830
active domestic rigs. Although average
oilfield product prices were up slightly over 2001, the increases were
exclusive to the first three quarters of 2002 as average oilfield product
prices declined 6 from the third quarter 2002 to the fourth quarter due
principally to a higher percentage of lower priced line pipe and carbon-grade
OCTG in the product mix. 

Specialty
tubing product revenues decreased in 2002 to 165.4 million, a 12 decline from
2001 revenues of 187.7 million due primarily to the general decline of
economic conditions during 2002. 
Revenues from heat recovery tubular goods and related products were down
31 from 2001 to 59.0 million as a result of delays and cancellations in power
plant construction projects. Precision
mechanical tubulars accounted for approximately 52 of the total specialty
tubing segment in 2002 and shipments were up in 2002 to 79,321 tons, or 6 over
2001. There was also a 6 increase in precision mechanical tubular
revenues. 

Flat
rolled steel and other tubular products revenues were down 11 to 54.1
million. This decrease is attributable
to a decrease in average selling prices and fewer shipments in 2002 compared to
2001. Lower average prices were due to
a higher mix of lower priced products in this segment. 

Gross profit for 2002 was 7.4 million compared to 69.3
million in 2001. This decrease is
primarily due to higher unit costs associated with decreased production
volumes, increases in steel costs and reduced overall revenues from oilfield
and specialty tubing products. Steel
costs, which comprise approximately 55 of our total cost of sales, were
relatively stable during 2001 but increased nearly 30 in the fourth quarter
2002 from the first half of 2002. These
higher steel costs contributed to a significant reduction in gross margins and
operating losses in the third and fourth quarters of 2002 as compared to 2001. 

Selling, general, and administrative
expenses 
increased significantly in 2002 by 33.1 million, or 92 to 69.2 million
compared to 36.1 million in 2001. The
increase is attributable to a 32 million charge incurred as a result of a jury
verdict against Lone Star on March 13, 2003 - see Item 3, Legal
Proceedings. The remaining difference
relates to significant adjustments to our staffing including employment
reductions of approximately 15 before acquisitions, or approximately 3.4
million, offset by increases in selling costs of approximately 0.8 million,
increase in healthcare costs of approximately 1.4 million, increase in
acquisition-related costs of approximately 0.8 million, and increase in
professional fees of approximately 1.2 million. 

Interest income decreased slightly in 2002 to 2.5 million
from 2.9 million in 2001 due to lower average interest rates on invested cash. 

Interest expense consists of interest on the 150 million, 9 
senior subordinated notes less amounts capitalized. Interest expense decreased slightly in 2002 to 12.7 million from
 12.8 million in 2001 due principally to greater interest capitalization in
2002 versus 2001. 

Income tax benefit. Lone
Star s effective tax rate is affected by the carryforward of NOL s recognized
or not recognized in a particular year and the full valuation allowance placed
against its net deferred tax assets. In
2002, the tax benefit at the U.S. statutory rate of 35 was reduced by 24.5
million of NOL benefit not recognized in the current period as management
believes that it is more likely than not the related tax benefits would not be
realized. The ultimate realization of
our deferred tax assets depends upon our ability to generate sufficient taxable
income in the future. Accordingly, due
to the uncertainty regarding possible utilization of NOL s and the sensitivity
of our earnings to the level of domestic drilling activity, we record a
valuation allowance to fully reserve the computed net deferred tax assets. The income tax benefit for 2002 primarily
consists of the recognition of state income tax benefits. 

25 

LIQUIDITY AND
CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Overview 

We
have historically funded our business by issuing securities and through our
operating activities. We believe these
sources of funds will provide the liquidity necessary to fund our cash
requirements during 2004. The following
table shows our capital resources in millions): 

2003 

2002 

Cash and cash equivalents 

33.3 

120.5 

Restricted cash 

32.2 

Working capital 

184.2 

281.9 

Unused credit facility 

125.0 

100.0 

At
December 31, 2003, our cash balance was 33.3 million. We used 40.6 million in operating cash flow
during the year ended December 31, 2003, an increase in cash used of 28.2
million compared to 2002. Several
transactions that occurred in 2003 had a material impact on our liquidity and
capital resources. In April 2003,
we put up a cash deposit totaling 32 million to collateralize a bond for a
breach of contract judgment on appeal. 
These funds are reported in our balance sheet as restricted cash. In May 2003, we acquired substantially all
of the assets of Delta Tubular Processing Delta for 14.0 million in cash
plus acquisition costs. In
June 2003, we acquired certain assets of Frank s Tubular International
(since renamed Delta Tubular International, or Delta International for 18.9
million in cash plus acquisition costs. 
These transactions reduced our working capital by approximately 65
million in 2003 compared to 2002. 

Discussion of Changes in Liquidity and
Capital Resources 

Cash
provided by (used in) operating activities was 40.6) million, 12.4)
million, and 31.3 million for 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively. Cash from operations in 2003 decreased
principally due to the net loss of 68.2 million and establishment of a cash
deposit of 32 million held as restricted cash, offset by increased accounts
payable and accrued liabilities. The
following table shows our sources and uses of cash from operations in
millions): 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Cash received from customers 

526.0 

535.6 

675.0 

Cash paid to suppliers and employees 

(555.7 

(540.0 

(633.0 

Interest received 

1.2 

2.5 

2.9 

Interest paid 

(14.0 

(13.7 

(13.1 

Income taxes (paid) refunded 

1.0 

(0.8 

Miscellaneous cash (paid) received 

1.9 

2.2 

0.3 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities 

(40.6 

(12.4 

31.3 

Cash
received from customers decreased by 2 in 2003 compared to 2002 as days sales
outstanding (DSO) increased to 49 days in 2003 compared to 42 days for 2002 and
40 days in 2001. Cash paid to suppliers
and employees increased by 3 in 2003 compared to 2002, principally as a result
of increased raw material costs in 2003. 
Cash received from customers and cash paid to suppliers and employees in
2001 are greater due to 24 greater revenues in 2001 compared to 2002, and to a
DSO of 40 in 2001 compared to a DSO of 42 in 2002. Further, excluding our acquisition of Wheeling, inventories were
reduced in 2002 compared to 2001 by 6.4 million in response to the general
decline in the domestic U.S. economy including the associated decrease in
demand for oilfield and heat recovery products. 

Cash
used in investing activities was 48.0 million, 54.0 million and 14.7 million
for 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively. 
Cash used in 2003 relates principally to our acquisitions of Delta and
Delta International and capital expenditures. 
Cash used in 2002 relates to our acquisition of Wheeling and capital
expenditures to improve the efficiencies and effectiveness of our production
capabilities and to install new computer-based enterprise resource planning
systems. Cash used in 2001 primarily
relates to higher capital expenditures to expand our finned tubular products
capacity in Mexico and Canada and to install new computer-based enterprise
resource planning systems. 

26 

Cash
provided by financing activities was 0.5 million, 81.5 million, and 63.2
million in 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively. 
Cash provided in 2003 from proceeds of stock option exercises totaling
 1.3 million was offset by purchases of treasury stock of 0.8 million. Cash
provided in 2002 relates to proceeds from the offering of 3.3 million shares of
Lone Star common stock totaling 82.8 million, partially offset by 1.3 million
purchase of treasury shares. Cash
provided by financing activities in 2001 was generated from the proceeds of the
sale of 150 million senior subordinated notes and 50.8 million of common
stock, offset by repayments on the revolving credit facilities and term loans. 

In
December 2003, Lone Star amended and restated its 100 million credit facility Amended Credit Facility to increase the total available borrowings to 125
million and extend the expiration date to November 2006. Borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility
can be used for general corporate purposes. 
Under the agreement, Lone Star can borrow an amount based on a
percentage of eligible accounts receivable and inventories reduced by
outstanding letters of credit, which totaled 0.8 million at December 31,
2003. The availability under the
Amended Credit Facility was 124.2 million at December 31, 2003. Borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility
are collateralized by substantially all of Lone Star s assets, other than real
estate. At Lone Star s option, the
interest rate is the prime lending rate or the LIBOR plus the applicable
additional interest. At
December 31, 2003 and 2002, no amount was outstanding under its credit
facility. For 2003, we were in
compliance with the facility s covenants and we do not anticipate
non-compliance in the foreseeable future. 

On
April 23, 2002, Lone Star sold 3.3 million shares of common stock under a
previously filed universal shelf registration statement. Proceeds to Lone Star were 82.8
million. Lone Star used the remaining
net proceeds from this sale to acquire other complementary businesses, to make
compatible asset investments, and provide funds for working capital and other
general corporate purposes. 

On
October 16, 2002, Lone Star filed a universal shelf registration statement
that became effective on April 18, 2003 to sell from time to time up to a
total of 136.0 million of debt securities, preferred stock, common stock,
depository shares and warrants. Lone
Star has an aggregate of approximately 250.0 million of registered securities
available, including a previously filed universal shelf registration statement. 

On
May 29, 2001, we issued 150.0 million 9 senior subordinated notes due
June 1, 2011 to qualified institutional buyers. Interest on the outstanding senior subordinated notes accrues at
a rate of 9 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on each June 1 and
December 1, commencing December 1, 2001. We used the proceeds received from the senior notes to pay down
the revolving lines of credit, term loans, slab consignment obligations and for
general corporate purposes. The notes
are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by each of our current and future
domestic restricted subsidiaries. 

On
May 2, 2001, we sold 1.2 million shares of our common stock under a previously
filed universal shelf registration statement. 
The proceeds to us were 50.8 million. 
Proceeds of the sale were used to extinguish debt associated with credit
facilities at our subsidiaries, Lone Star Steel Company (Steel) and Fintube
Technologies, Inc. (Fintube), and for general corporate purposes. 

We
operate in capital intensive businesses. We have made, and we expect we will be
required to make, significant capital expenditures each year for recurring
maintenance necessary to keep manufacturing facilities operational, to comply
with environmental and other legal requirements and to improve our information
systems. Additionally, we regularly make capital expenditures for technological
improvements and for research and development projects. If funding is
insufficient at any time in the future, we may be unable to develop or enhance
our products or services, take advantage of business opportunities or respond
to competitive pressures. Our capital
expenditures budget for 2004 is approximately 17 million. 

Our
operations are subject to environmental compliance and permitting requirements
of various foreign, federal, state and provincial governmental agencies. We
believe that the cost of maintaining compliance with environmental requirements
will fall within our contemplated operating and capital expenditure plans,
averaging 1.0 million to 2.0 million annually in the foreseeable future. 

27 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS AND AGGREGATE
CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 

At
December 31, 2003, we had contractual cash obligations to repay debt, to
make payments under leases, purchase obligations, and commercial commitments in
the form of unused lines of credit. 
Payments due under these long-term obligations are as follows in millions): 

Obligations
 Due By Period 

Contractual Obligations 

Total 

Less Than 
 One Year 

1 - 3
 Years 

3 - 5
 Years 

More 
 Than Five 
 Years 

Long term debt obligations 

150.0 

150.0 

Operating lease obligations 

4.5 

1.6 

2.6 

0.3 

Purchase obligations 

18.5 

10.9 

7.6 

Total Contractual Obligations 

173.0 

12.5 

10.2 

0.3 

150.0 

Commercial
commitment expirations are as follows in millions): 

Commitment
 Expiration by Period 

Total 

Less Than 
 One Year 

1 - 3 Years 

3 - 5
 Years 

More 
 Than Five 
 Years 

Unused credit facility 

125.0 

125.0 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

The
FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 145, Rescission of FASB Statements No. 4, 44, and 64,
Amendment of FASB Statement No. 13, and Technical Corrections SFAS
No. 145 ), in April 2002 and is effective for fiscal years beginning after
May 15, 2002. SFAS No. 145 amends existing authoritative pronouncements to make
various technical corrections, clarify meanings, or describe their
applicability under changed conditions. 
Upon our adoption of SFAS No. 145 in 2003, the extraordinary loss of
 0.6 million recorded in 2001 was reclassified as other expense. 

The
FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 146, Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal
Activities SFAS No. 146 ), in June 2002. SFAS No. 146 requires the recognition of
costs associated with exit or disposal activities when they are incurred rather
than at the date of a commitment to an exit or disposal plan. SFAS No. 146 is applied to exit or disposal
activities initiated after December 31, 2002. The adoption of SFAS No. 146 did not have a material effect on
our results of operations or financial position. 

In
November 2002, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 45, Guarantor s Accounting and Disclosure Requirements
for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others FIN 45 ). This interpretation
elaborates on the disclosures to be made by a guarantor in its interim and
annual financial statements about its obligations under certain guarantees that
it has issued. It also clarifies that a
guarantor is required to recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a
liability for the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the
guarantee. The disclosure requirements
of this interpretation are effective for interim and annual periods after
December 15, 2002. The initial
recognition and initial measurement requirements of this interpretation are
effective prospectively for guarantees issued or modified after
December 31, 2002. The
interpretation s expanded disclosures are in included in the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements. The
adoption of the initial recognition and measurement requirements of FIN 45 did
not have a material effect on our results of operations or financial position. 

In
December 2002, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation - Transition and Disclosure - an amendment of FASB Statement No.
123 SFAS No. 148 ). SFAS
No. 148 amends SFAS No. 123, Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation , to provide alternative methods of
transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting
for stock-based employee compensation. 
In addition, SFAS No. 148 amends the disclosure requirements of SFAS No.
123 to require prominent disclosures in both annual and interim financial
statements about the method of accounting for stock-based employee 

28 

compensation
and the effect of the method used on reported results. We have included additional disclosures in
accordance with SFAS No. 148 in the Notes to the Financial Statements. We have not elected to make a voluntary
change to the fair value based method of accounting for stock-based
compensation. 

In
January 2003, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 46, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities, an
Interpretation of ARB No. 51 FIN 46 ), which addresses
consolidation by business enterprises of variable interest entities, or VIEs,
either: (1) that do not have sufficient equity investment at risk to permit the
entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support,
or (2) in which the equity investors lack an essential characteristic of a
controlling financial interest. In December 2003, the FASB completed
deliberations of proposed modifications to FIN 46 Revised Interpretations resulting in multiple effective dates based on the nature as well as the
creation date of the VIE. We do not expect the adoption of this Interpretation
to have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 

In
April 2003, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 149, Amendment of Statement 133 on
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities SFAS No. 149 ). SFAS
No. 149 amends and clarifies the accounting for derivative instruments,
including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, and for
hedging activities under SFAS No. 133, Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities . SFAS No. 149 is generally effective for
contracts entered into or modified after June 30, 2003 and for hedging
relationships designated after June 30, 2003. The adoption of SFAS 149 did
not have a material effect on our results of operations or financial position. 

In
May 2003, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 150, Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with
Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity SFAS No. 150 ).
SFAS No. 150 requires that certain financial instruments, which under previous
guidance were accounted for as equity, must now be accounted for as
liabilities. The financial instruments affected include mandatorily redeemable
stock, certain financial instruments that require or may require the issuer to
buy back some of its shares in exchange for cash or other assets and certain
obligations that can be settled with shares of stock. For public entities, SFAS 150 is effective for mandatorily
redeemable financial instruments entered into or modified after May 31, 2003
and is effective for all other financial instruments as of the first interim
period beginning after June 15, 2003. For mandatorily redeemable
non-controlling interests that would not have to be classified as liabilities
by a subsidiary under the exception in paragraph 9 of SFAS 150, but would be
classified as liabilities by the parent, the classification and measurement provisions
of SFAS 150 are deferred indefinitely. The measurement provisions of SFAS 150
are also deferred indefinitely for other mandatorily redeemable non-controlling
interests that were issued before November 4, 2003. The adoption of SFAS
150 did not have a material effect on our results of operations or financial
position. 

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

The
statements included in this Annual Report regarding future financial
performance and results and the other statements that are not historical facts
are forward-looking statements. The
words believes, intends, expects, anticipates, projects, estimates, 
 predicts, and similar expressions are also intended to identify
forward-looking statements. Such
statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not
limited to, industry and market conditions, environmental liabilities,
competitive pricing, practices and conditions, availability and pricing of raw
materials, fluctuations in prices of crude oil and natural gas, the trade
environment, the impact of current and future laws and governmental regulations
(particularly environmental laws and regulations), and other factors discussed
in this Annual Report and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove
incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those indicated. 

29 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are exposed to certain risks associated with the change in foreign currency
rates, interest rates and commodity prices. 
We seek to minimize the potential adverse impact of those market risks
through the use of appropriate management techniques including the limited use
of derivative financial instruments. 

Our
operations in Mexico and Canada are accounted for in the local currencies,
converted to the U.S. dollar equivalent based on published exchange rates for
the period reported and are therefore subject to risk of exchange rate
fluctuations. We believe that our
current risk exposure to exchange rate movements is not significant. 

Our
investments in cash equivalents, the weighted average maturity of which is less
than one year, are subject to interest rate risk. The value of these securities would decline in the event of
increases in market interest rates. We
manage this risk by investing in securities with short-term maturities and
varying maturity dates. In addition, we
intend to hold these securities until maturity and, as a result, avoid the
losses resulting from sudden changes in interest rates. 

To
the extent that we borrow against our credit facility, we are exposed to
interest rate risk arising from the variable-rate nature of the facility. There
were no borrowings on this facility at December 31, 2003. In the past, we have used interest rate
swaps to effectively fix a portion of the interest rates on our variable rate
credit facilities. We did not have any interest
rate swaps at December 31, 2003. 
Our senior subordinated notes accrue interest at a fixed rate of
9 . The fair value of the notes is
sensitive to changes in interest rates. 
The fair value of Lone Star s senior subordinated debt based on quoted market
prices was 149.3 million and 137.4 million at December 31, 2003 and
2002, respectively. 

We
are subject to commodity price risk, primarily with respect to purchases of
steel and natural gas. Purchased steel
represents a significant portion of our cost of goods sold. As a result, fluctuations in the cost of
purchased steel, which can be volatile and cyclical in nature, have a
significant impact on our margins both positively and negatively. Our steel costs have risen significantly
since the end of 2003. We have been
successful in passing these higher steel costs on to our customers. However, there can be no assurance that we
will continue to be able to do so in the future. 

We
purchase natural gas for our operations and therefore have a limited market
risk in natural gas prices. As a
result, our earnings could be affected by changes in the price of natural
gas. As market conditions dictate, we
may enter into contracts to acquire a significant portion of our natural gas
requirements over periods ranging from six to eighteen months. Our remaining requirements are purchased on
the market at the current value. 

30 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Independent Auditors 
 Report - Deloitte Touche LLP 

Report of
 Independent Public Accountants - Arthur Andersen LLP 

Consolidated Results
 of Operations 
 for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001 

Consolidated Balance Sheets
 at December 31, 2003 and 2002 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows, 
 for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001 

Consolidated
 Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001 

Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Schedule II
 - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

31 

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS REPORT 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. and
subsidiaries (the Company ): 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lone Star
Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and
cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002. The financial statements of Lone Star
Technologies, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2001 were audited by
other auditors who have ceased operations. Those auditors expressed an
unqualified opinion on those financial statements in their report dated
January 22, 2002. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also
includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
our opinion, such 2003 and 2002 financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. and
subsidiaries at December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2003 and
2002, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

As
discussed in Note C to the financial statements, in 2002 the Company changed
its method of accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets to conform to
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 142. The financial
statements of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. for the year ended December 31,
2001 were audited by other auditors who have ceased operations. As described in
Note C, these financial statements have been revised to include the
transitional disclosures required by Statement of Financial Accounting Standard
No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , which was adopted by the Company
as of January 1, 2002. Our audit
procedures with respect to the disclosures in Note C with respect to 2001
included (a) agreeing the previously reported net income to the previously
issued financial statements and the adjustments to reported net income
representing amortization expense recognized in those periods related to
goodwill and intangible assets that are no longer being amortized as a result
of initially applying Statement No. 142 (including any related tax effects) to
the Company s underlying records obtained from management, and (b) testing the
mathematical accuracy of the reconciliation of adjusted net income to reported
net income, and the related earnings-per-share amounts. 

As
discussed in Note A, during 2003, the Company adopted SFAS No. 145 and as a
result, reclassified the extraordinary loss of 0.6 million recorded in 2001 to
other expense. Our audit procedures
with respect to the reclassification for 2001 included testing the mathematical
accuracy of the addition to other expense of 0.6 million and the reduction of
income before income tax of the same amount and noted that the extraordinary
loss line item was deleted. 

In
our opinion, the disclosures and reclassification for 2001 presented and
discussed in Notes C and A, are appropriate. 
However, we were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures
to the 2001 financial statements of the Company other than with respect to such
disclosures and reclassifications and, accordingly, we do not express an
opinion or any other form of assurance on the 2001 financial statements taken
as a whole. 

DELOITTE
 TOUCHE LLP 

Dallas,
Texas 

 March 12,
2004 

32 

THIS REPORT IS A COPY OF A REPORT PREVIOUSLY ISSUED BY ARTHUR
ANDERSEN LLP. THE REPORT HAS NOT BEEN REISSUED BY ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP NOR HAS
ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP PROVIDED A CONSENT TO THE INCLUSION OF ITS REPORT IN THIS
FORM 10-K. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. (Lone
Star): 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lone Star (a
Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and 2000,
and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity, and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2001. These financial statements and
the schedules referred to below are the responsibility of Lone Star s
management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our
audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Lone
Star and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for the three years ended
December 31, 2001, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

Our
audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. The schedules listed in the index to consolidated financial
statements are presented for the purpose of complying with the Securities and
Exchange Commission s rules and are not a part of the basic consolidated
financial statements. These schedules
have been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in our audits of the basic
consolidated financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly state in all
material respects the financial data required to be set forth therein in
relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. 

ARTHUR
ANDERSEN LLP 

Dallas,
Texas, 

 January 22,
2002 

33 

LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 and shares in millions, except per
share data) 

For the
 Years Ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Net revenues 

534.1 

523.7 

650.2 

Cost of goods sold 

528.9 

516.3 

580.9 

Gross profit 

5.2 

7.4 

69.3 

Selling, general, and administrative
 expenses 

61.5 

69.2 

36.1 

Operating income (loss) 

(56.3 

(61.8 

33.2 

Interest income 

1.4 

2.5 

2.9 

Interest expense 

(15.4 

(12.7 

(12.8 

Other income (expense), net 

2.2 

2.1 

(6.1 

Income (loss) before income tax 

(68.1 

(69.9 

17.2 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

(0.1 

0.7 

(0.8 

Net income (loss) 

(68.2 

(69.2 

16.4 

Per common share basic: 

Net income (loss) available to common
 shareholders 

(2.40 

(2.52 

0.67 

Per common share diluted: 

Net income (loss) available to common
 shareholders 

(2.40 

(2.52 

0.66 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 

28.4 

27.5 

24.7 

Diluted 

28.4 

27.5 

25.0 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

34 

LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 in millions, except share data) 

December
 31, 

2003 

2002 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

33.3 

120.5 

Accounts receivable, less allowances of 1.7
 and 1.6, respectively 

71.8 

60.2 

Inventories 

152.8 

148.5 

Other current assets 

14.7 

12.6 

Total current assets 

272.6 

341.8 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

220.0 

204.4 

Goodwill 

40.9 

55.1 

Restricted cash 

32.2 

Other noncurrent assets 

9.9 

11.6 

Total assets 

575.6 

612.9 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

60.4 

37.5 

Accrued liabilities 

28.0 

22.4 

Total current liabilities 

88.4 

59.9 

Senior subordinated debt 

150.0 

150.0 

Postretirement benefit obligations 

44.5 

45.6 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

46.8 

44.8 

Total liabilities 

329.7 

300.3 

Commitments and Contingencies (See Note J) 

Shareholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, 1 par value
 (authorized: 10,000,000 shares,
 issued: none) 

Common stock, 1 par value
 (authorized: 80,000,000 shares,
 issued: 28,660,903 and 28,539,014, respectively) 

28.7 

28.5 

Capital surplus 

355.1 

352.7 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(32.2 

(32.1 

Accumulated deficit 

(103.4 

(35.2 

Treasury stock, at cost (174,107 and
 105,844 shares, respectively) 

(2.3 

(1.3 

Total shareholders equity 

245.9 

312.6 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

575.6 

612.9 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

35 

LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 in millions) 

For the
 Years Ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

(68.2 

(69.2 

16.4 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)
 to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, net of acquired
 companies: 

Depreciation and amortization 

25.4 

21.8 

23.0 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

0.6 

Non-cash charge for stock compensation 

1.1 

(0.1 

(0.2 

Net loss (gain) on property disposals and
 impairments 

0.4 

(0.1 

Goodwill impairment 

18.7 

Accounts receivable 

(8.1 

11.9 

24.8 

Inventories 

(4.0 

6.4 

(9.9 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

27.3 

(6.9 

(17.6 

Litigation reserves 

2.0 

32.0 

Restricted cash 

(32.2 

Other 

(3.0 

(8.2 

(5.8 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities 

(40.6 

(12.4 

31.3 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

(14.4 

(15.9 

(25.2 

Sale of short-term investments 

0.1 

Sale of marketable securities 

10.4 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and
 equipment 

0.4 

0.2 

Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash
 received 

(34.0 

(38.3 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(48.0 

(54.0 

(14.7 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net proceeds from issuance of senior
 subordinated debt 

145.9 

Debt issuance costs 

(1.0 

Net (payments) borrowings under revolving
 credit facilities 

(96.2 

Principal payments on term notes 

(40.0 

Proceeds from exercise of options 

1.3 

4.4 

Net proceeds from stock offering 

82.8 

50.1 

Purchase of treasury stock 

(0.8 

(1.3 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

0.5 

81.5 

63.2 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on
 cash 

0.9 

(1.1 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

(87.2 

14.0 

79.8 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of
 year 

120.5 

106.5 

26.7 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

33.3 

120.5 

106.5 

Supplemental cash flow disclosure: 

Interest paid 

13.9 

13.7 

13.1 

Income taxes paid (refunded), net 

(1.0 

0.8 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

36 

LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 in millions) 

Common 
 Stock 

Capital 
 Surplus 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 

Accumulated 
 Earnings 
 (Deficit) 

Treasury 
 Stock 

Total 

Balance, January 1, 2001 

23.8 

221.5 

(3.6 

17.6 

(3.5 

255.8 

Net income 

16.4 

16.4 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Minimum pension liability adjustment 

(12.2 

(12.2 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(0.1 

(0.1 

Comprehensive income 

4.1 

Stock issuance for acquisition 

1.1 

49.0 

50.1 

Employee benefit plan stock issuance 

0.3 

1.5 

3.5 

5.3 

Balance, December 31, 2001 

25.2 

272.0 

(15.9 

34.0 

315.3 

Net loss 

(69.2 

(69.2 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Minimum pension liability adjustment 

(14.9 

(14.9 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(1.3 

(1.3 

Comprehensive loss 

(85.4 

Stock offering 

3.3 

79.5 

82.8 

Employee benefit plan stock issuance 

1.2 

1.2 

Acquisition of treasury stock 

(1.3 

(1.3 

Balance, December 31, 2002 

28.5 

352.7 

(32.1 

(35.2 

(1.3 

312.6 

Net loss 

(68.2 

(68.2 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Minimum pension liability adjustment 

(1.0 

(1.0 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

0.9 

0.9 

Comprehensive loss 

(68.3 

Employee benefit plan stock issuance 

0.2 

2.4 

(0.2 

2.4 

Acquisition of treasury stock 

(0.8 

(0.8 

Balance, December 31, 2003 

28.7 

355.1 

(32.2 

(103.4 

(2.3 

245.9 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

37 

Lone Star Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Lone Star Technologies, Inc. Lone Star , or
the Company ), a Delaware corporation, is a management and holding company
with six principal operating subsidiaries, Lone Star Steel Company Steel ),
Fintube Technologies, Inc. Fintube ), Bellville Tube Company, L.P. Bellville ), Wheeling Machine Products, Inc. Wheeling ), acquired October 1, 2002, Delta Tubular Processing Delta ), acquired May 1, 2003 and, Delta Tubular International Delta
International ), acquired June 2, 2003. 
Steel manufactures and globally markets oilfield tubular products to the
oil and gas drilling industry, mechanical tubing products to automotive, fluid
power, and other markets for various mechanical applications, and flat rolled
steel and other tubular products to domestic industrial markets. Fintube manufactures specialty finned
tubular products used in a variety of heat recovery applications including
combined-cycle electrical power generation. 
Bellville manufactures oilfield tubular products. Wheeling manufactures couplings used to
connect individual sections of oilfield casing and tubing. Delta and Delta International provide oil
country tubular processing services including threading and inspection
services. 

Lone Star s consolidated revenues are not seasonal. However, demand for oilfield products is
subject to significant fluctuations due to the volatility of oil and gas prices
and domestic drilling activity as well as other factors including competition
from imports. Demand for mechanical
tubing and finned tubular products is primarily subject to fluctuations in
general economic conditions. 

ACCOUNTING POLICIES - NOTE A 

Principles of consolidation . The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lone Star and its
wholly-owned subsidiaries. All
significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. In the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, all dollar and share amounts in tabulation
are in millions of dollars and shares, respectively, unless otherwise
noted. Certain prior year amounts have
been reclassified to conform to the current year s presentation. 

Cash and cash equivalents . 
Lone Star s cash and cash equivalents include commercial bank accounts
and highly liquid investments in a fund consisting of U. S. government and
related agencies obligations with original maturities of less than three
months. 

At
December 31, 2003, Lone Star had restricted cash of 32.2 million related
to a cash deposit that collateralizes a bond for a breach of contract judgment
on appeal. See Commitments and
Contingencies - Note J. 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
value. Cost is determined using the
last-in, first-out LIFO method for approximately 90 and 84 of the
Company s total current inventories after LIFO reserve at December 31,
2003 and 2002, respectively. The cost
of remaining inventories is determined using the first-in, first-out FIFO method. Inventories include raw
materials, labor, overhead and certain supplies. 

Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost. Significant betterments and improvements are
capitalized if they extend the useful life of the asset, while maintenance and
repairs are expensed when incurred. 
Depreciation is provided on the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of depreciable assets as follows: 

Land
 improvements 

3
 - 39 Years 

Buildings, structures and
 improvements 

4
 - 30 Years 

Machinery and equipment 

3
 - 30 Years 

Impairment of long-lived assets. In accordance
with SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , Lone Star periodically
evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets whenever events and changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be fully
recoverable. At December 31, 2003,
the Company believes that its long-lived assets have not been impaired. 

Income taxes . Lone Star applies the provisions of SFAS No.
109, Accounting for Income Taxes ,
which utilizes an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and
income tax reporting. Deferred tax
liabilities or assets are recognized for the estimated future tax effects
attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards and are adjusted 

38 

whenever
tax rates or other provisions of income tax statutes change. Deferred tax assets are reduced, if deemed
necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits that are not expected
to be realized. 

Revenue recognition . 
Product revenues are recognized as sales when revenue is earned and is
realized or realizable. This includes
satisfying the following criteria: the
arrangement with the customer is evident, usually through the receipt of a
purchase order; the sales price is fixed or determinable; delivery has
occurred, which may include delivery to the customer storage warehouse location
at one of the Company s subsidiaries in which instance, the risk of loss has
been passed to the customer; and collectibility is reasonably assured. Freight and shipping that is billed to
customers is included in net sales, and the cost of shipping is included in
cost of sales. The Company has
marketing agreements to sell steel oilfield tubular products manufactured by
other companies. Revenue is recorded on
a gross basis for certain transactions with alliance mills when the Company is
the primary obligor, and has general inventory and credit risk, and certain
other transactions are recorded net. 

Stock-Based Employee Compensation. The Company accounts for stock-based
compensation utilizing the intrinsic value method in accordance with the
provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25 (APB 25), Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees 
and related Interpretations. Accordingly, no compensation expense is recognized
for fixed option plans because the exercise prices of employee stock options
equal or exceed the market prices of the underlying stock on the dates of
grant. As permitted, the Company has
elected to adopt the disclosure only provisions of SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation . Refer to Note I for further information. 

The
weighted average fair value per option granted in 2003, 2002, and 2001 was
 9.70, 9.65, and 20.78, respectively. The fair value of each option grant is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the
following weighted average assumptions for grants in 2003, 2002, and 2001,
respectively: risk-free interest rates of 2.93 , 4.79 , and 4.77 ; volatility
of 61.86 , 62.25 , and 54.10 ; and, expected lives of five years for all option
grants without payment of dividends. 
Had compensation cost for this plan been determined consistent with SFAS
No. 123, net income and earnings per share would have been reduced to the
following pro forma amounts: 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Net income (loss) as reported 

(68.2 

(69.2 

16.4 

Add: 
 Stock-based employee compensation expense included in reported net
 income (loss), net of related tax effects 

1.1 

0.9 

0.7 

Deduct: 
 Total stock-based employee compensation expense determined under fair
 value based method for all awards, net of related tax effects 

(7.7 

(7.5 

(7.0 

Pro forma net income (loss) 

(74.8 

(75.8 

10.1 

Basic earnings (loss) per share 

as reported 

(2.40 

(2.52 

0.67 

pro forma 

(2.63 

(2.76 

0.41 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share 

as reported 

(2.40 

(2.52 

0.66 

pro forma 

(2.63 

(2.76 

0.40 

Foreign currency translation. In accordance
with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 52, Foreign Currency Translation SFAS No.
52 ), one of Lone Star s international operations uses the respective local
currency as their functional currency while another international operation
uses the U.S. Dollar as its functional currency. Revenue and expenses from the
Company s international operations are translated using the monthly average
exchange rates in effect for the period in which the items occur. The Company s
international operation that has the U.S. Dollar as its functional currency
translates monetary assets and liabilities using current rates of exchange at
the balance sheet date and translates non-monetary assets and liabilities using
historical rates of exchange. Gains and 

39 

losses
from remeasurement for such operations are included in other income, net and
have historically not been significant. The Company s international operation
that does not have the U.S. Dollar as its functional currency translates assets
and liabilities at current rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet
date. The resulting gains and losses from translation for such subsidiary is
included as a component of shareholders equity. 

Business and Credit Risk. Lone
Star sells products to numerous customers primarily in the oil and gas drilling
industry. Although this concentration
could affect the Company s overall exposure to credit risk, management believes
that the Company is exposed to minimal risk since the majority of its business
is conducted with major companies within the industry. The Company performs on-going credit
evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral when
extending credit. The Company maintains a reserve for potential credit losses.
Such losses have historically been within management s expectations. The Company does not have financial
instruments with off-balance sheet risk. 

Lone
Star maintains cash and cash equivalents with various financial institutions.
As part of its cash and risk management processes, the Company performs
periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of the financial
institutions. Lone Star has not
sustained credit losses from instruments held at financial institutions. 

Use of Estimates. Preparation
of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of
contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses. The Company s estimates are primarily based on historical experience
and business knowledge and are revised as circumstances change. However, actual results could differ from
those estimates. Significant estimates
have been made to reserve for warranty claims and environmental obligations as
follows: 

Lone
Star s products are used in applications which are subject to inherent risks
including well failures, performance deficiencies, line pipe leaks, personal
injury, property damage, environmental contamination or loss of
production. The Company warrants its
products to meet certain specifications. 
Actual or claimed deficiencies from these specifications may give rise
to claims and the Company maintains a reserve for asserted and unasserted
warranty claims. The warranty claim
exposure is evaluated using historical claim trends and information available
on specifically known claims. The Company also maintains product and excess
liability insurance subject to certain deductibles that limit the exposure to
these claims. The Company considers the
extent of insurance coverage in its estimate of the reserve. Typically, this reserve is not subject to
significant fluctuations from period-to-period. However, the incurrence of an unusual amount of claims could
alter the Company s exposure and the related reserve. The following table identifies changes in warranty reserves from
December 31, 2001 to December 31, 2003: 

Balance at December 31, 2001 

3.0 

Add: 
 accruals for warranties during the period 

2.9 

Accruals related to pre-existing warranties
 and changes in estimates 

(0.1 

Deduct: 
 settlements made during the period 

(3.7 

Balance at December 31, 2002 

2.1 

Add: accruals for warranties during the
 period 

2.0 

Accruals related to pre-existing warranties
 and changes in estimates 

0.2 

Deduct: 
 settlements made during the period 

(1.9 

Balance at December 31, 2003 

2.4 

Lone
Star is subject to numerous environmental regulations and is actively
remediating a few known exposures and conducting post-closure monitoring
activities. The Company maintains an
environmental reserve to cover the costs of expected remediation and
post-closure monitoring and estimates the range of cost for the remediation and
post-closure based on historical experience, results of monitoring and the
known extent of exposure. The Company
evaluates the range of exposure and records the reserve at the most probable
amount within that range. Typically,
this reserve is not subject to significant fluctuations from
period-to-period. However, given the
nature of environmental exposures, significant changes in the reserve are
possible. 

40 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments. The carrying amount of cash and cash
equivalents, trade receivables and payables approximates fair value because of
the short maturity of those instruments. 
The fair value of Lone Star s senior subordinated debt based on quoted
market prices was 149.3 million and 137.4 million at December 31, 2003
and 2002, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2003 and 2002, the Company had outstanding letters of
credit of 0.8 million and 2.1 million, respectively, which approximates fair
value. 

New Accounting Pronouncements. The
FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 145, Rescission of FASB Statements No. 4, 44, and 64,
Amendment of FASB Statement No. 13, and Technical Corrections , SFAS No. 145 in April 2002 and is effective for fiscal years beginning
after May 15, 2002. SFAS No. 145 amends existing authoritative pronouncements to make
various technical corrections, clarify meanings, or describe their
applicability under changed conditions. 
Upon the Company s adoption of SFAS No. 145 in 2003, the extraordinary
loss of 0.6 million recorded in 2001 was reclassified as other expense. 

The
FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 146, Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal
Activities , SFAS No. 146 in June 2002. SFAS No. 146 requires the recognition of
costs associated with exit or disposal activities when they are incurred rather
than at the date of a commitment to an exit or disposal plan. SFAS No. 146 is to be applied prospectively
to exit or disposal activities initiated after December 31, 2002, with
earlier application encouraged. The
adoption of SFAS No. 146 did not have a material effect on Lone Star s results
of operations or financial position. 

In
November 2002, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 45, Guarantor s Accounting and Disclosure Requirements
for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others ,
(FIN 45). This interpretation
elaborates on the disclosures to be made by a guarantor in its interim and
annual financial statements about its obligations under certain guarantees that
it has issued. It also clarifies that a
guarantor is required to recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a
liability for the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the
guarantee. The disclosure requirements
of this interpretation are effective for interim and annual periods after
December 15, 2002. The initial
recognition and initial measurement requirements of this interpretation are
effective prospectively for guarantees issued or modified after
December 31, 2002. The
interpretation s expanded disclosures are included in the financial statements. The adoption of the initial recognition and
measurement requirements of FIN 45 did not have a material effect on Lone
Star s results of operations or financial position. 

In
December 2002, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation - Transition and Disclosure - an amendment of FASB Statement No.
123 , SFAS No. 148 ). SFAS
No. 148 amends SFAS No. 123, Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation , to provide alternative methods of
transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting
for stock-based employee compensation. 
In addition, SFAS No. 148 amends the disclosure requirements of SFAS No.
123 to require prominent disclosures in both annual and interim financial
statements about the method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation
and the effect of the method used on reported results. Lone Star has included additional
disclosures in accordance with SFAS No. 148 earlier in this Note. The Company has not elected to make a
voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting for stock-based
compensation. 

In
January 2003, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 46, or FIN 46, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities, an
Interpretation of ARB No. 51 , which addresses consolidation by
business enterprises of variable interest entities, or VIEs, either: (1) that
do not have sufficient equity investment at risk to permit the entity to
finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, or
(2) in which the equity investors lack an essential characteristic of a
controlling financial interest. In December 2003, the FASB completed
deliberations of proposed modifications to FIN 46 Revised Interpretations resulting in multiple effective dates based on the nature as well as the
creation date of the VIE. Lone Star does not expect the adoption of this
Interpretation to have a material impact on its results of operations or
financial position. 

In
April 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 149, Amendment
of Statement 133 on Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities . SFAS
No. 149 amends and clarifies the accounting for derivative instruments,
including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, and for
hedging activities under SFAS No. 133, Accounting
for Derivative 

41 

Instruments and Hedging Activities . 
SFAS No. 149 is generally effective for contracts entered into or
modified after June 30, 2003 and for hedging relationships designated
after June 30, 2003. The adoption of SFAS 149 did not have a material
effect on Lone Star s results of operations or financial position. 

In
May 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 150, Accounting
for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and
Equity . SFAS No. 150 requires that certain financial instruments,
which under previous guidance were accounted for as equity, must now be
accounted for as liabilities. The financial instruments affected include
mandatorily redeemable stock, certain financial instruments that require or may
require the issuer to buy back some of its shares in exchange for cash or other
assets and certain obligations that can be settled with shares of stock. For public entities, SFAS 150 is effective
for mandatorily redeemable financial instruments entered into or modified after
May 31, 2003 and is effective for all other financial instruments as of the
first interim period beginning after June 15, 2003. For mandatorily
redeemable non-controlling interests that would not have to be classified as
liabilities by a subsidiary under the exception in paragraph 9 of SFAS 150, but
would be classified as liabilities by the parent, the classification and
measurement provisions of SFAS 150 are deferred indefinitely. The measurement
provisions of SFAS 150 are also deferred indefinitely for other mandatorily
redeemable non-controlling interests that were issued before November 4,
2003. The adoption of SFAS 150 did not have a material effect on Lone Star s
results of operations or financial position. 

BUSINESS
SEGMENTS - NOTE B 

Lone
Star currently has six operating subsidiaries that have separate management
teams and infrastructures that offer different products and services. The subsidiaries have been aggregated under
three reportable segments: oilfield,
specialty tubing, and flat rolled steel and other tubular goods. Management evaluates segment performance
based primarily on revenue and earnings from operations and segments are
organized around the products and services provided to the customers each
segment serves. No single customer
comprised more than 10 of total net revenues in 2003, 2002, or 2001. Direct foreign revenues as a percent of
total revenues were approximately 2 in 2003, 5 in 2002, and 8 in 2001. 

The
accounting policies of each segment are the same as those described in Note A
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Intersegment sales and transfers are not significant. Interest expense, interest income, other
income and expense, and income taxes have not been allocated to the segments. 

Oilfield. 
Oilfield products are comprised of casing, tubing, line pipe and
couplings that are manufactured and marketed globally to the oil and gas
drilling industry. The oilfield segment
includes premium alloy and carbon welded oil country tubular goods, including
casing, which acts as a structural retainer wall in oil and natural gas
wellbores, and production tubing, which transmits hydrocarbons to the
surface. Line pipe is used to gather
and transmit oil and natural gas. 
Couplings are used to connect individual sections of oilfield casing and
tubing. The oilfield segment also
includes end-finishing, testing, and storage services. 

Specialty tubing. Lone
Star s specialty tubing business includes the manufacture, marketing and sale
of a variety of custom-engineered tubular products used in exacting
applications, such as the manufacture of hydraulic cylinders for construction
and farm equipment, automotive applications, such as stabilizers and intrusion
tubes; and other uses, including machine parts, bearing races, down-hole pump
barrels, heavy lift crane boom chords, drill rods and liner hangers. Finned tubulars are used in fuel
economizers, industrial processing, petrochemical plants, refineries and power
technology applications. 

Flat rolled steel and other tubular goods. Flat
rolled steel is manufactured principally for use by the Company in the
manufacture of tubular products. The
Company also sells flat rolled steel to fabricators of large diameter pipe,
storage tanks, rail cars and a variety of other construction and industrial
products. Lone Star also provides
transportation, storage and other services to a variety of industries. 

42 

The
following tables present information on the segments. The Corporate / Other column includes corporate related items
and other insignificant nonsegments. 

Oilfield 

Specialty 
 Tubing 

Flat
 Rolled 
 Steel and 
 Other 
 Tubular 
 Goods 

Corporate/ 
 Other 

Total 

2003 

Revenues 

364.8 

121.8 

47.5 

534.1 

Segment operating income (loss) 

(8.2 

(39.7 

(1.5 

(6.9 

(56.3 

Depreciation and amortization 

15.1 

9.3 

0.9 

0.1 

25.4 

Total assets 

326.5 

154.0 

16.2 

78.9 

575.6 

Capital expenditures 

10.5 

3.8 

0.1 

14.4 

2002 

Revenues 

304.2 

165.4 

54.1 

523.7 

Segment operating income (loss) 

(8.6 

(13.5 

(2.4 

(37.3 

(61.8 

Depreciation and amortization 

11.2 

9.5 

1.1 

21.8 

Total assets 

256.4 

208.0 

18.8 

129.7 

612.9 

Capital expenditures 

9.1 

6.8 

15.9 

2001 

Revenues 

401.9 

187.7 

60.6 

650.2 

Segment operating income (loss) 

35.7 

8.0 

(5.8 

(4.7 

33.2 

Depreciation and amortization 

11.8 

9.7 

1.2 

0.3 

23.0 

Total assets 

243.0 

197.2 

24.5 

116.1 

580.8 

Capital expenditures 

12.3 

11.8 

0.9 

0.2 

25.2 

GOODWILL AND OTHER
INTANGIBLE ASSETS- NOTE C 

All
acquisitions in 2003 and 2002 have been accounted for under the purchase method
of accounting, and accordingly, the purchase price has been allocated to the
assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based upon fair values at the date
of the acquisition. The excess purchase
price over the fair value of the tangible and intangible net assets acquired
has been recorded as goodwill. 

The
Company adopted SFAS No. 142 on January 1, 2002 and subsequently ceased
goodwill amortization. The Company
completed the first step of the transitional goodwill impairment test at the
beginning of 2002, and completes the annual goodwill impairment test during the
fourth quarter of each subsequent year. 
The Company estimates the fair value of each reporting unit using a
present value method that discounts estimated future cash flows. The cash flow
estimates incorporate assumptions on future cash flow growth, terminal values,
and discount rates. Because the fair
value of the Fintube unit was below its carrying value, application of SFAS No.
142 required the completion of the second step of the goodwill impairment test,
comparing the implied fair value of Fintube s goodwill with its carrying
value. After performing this
evaluation, an impairment of goodwill had occurred because of a significant
decline in actual and forecasted cash flows. 
Accordingly, an impairment charge of 18.7 million within the Company s
Specialty Tubing segment was recognized for the year ended December 31,
2003. 

43 

Goodwill
allocated to Lone Star s reportable segments as of December 31, 2003 and
2002 and changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the year ended
December 31, 2003 are as follows: 

Oilfield 

Specialty 
 Tubing 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2002 

9.2 

45.9 

55.1 

Goodwill acquired during the period 

4.5 

4.5 

Impairment loss 

(18.7 

(18.7 

Balance at December 31, 2003 

13.7 

27.2 

40.9 

Intangible
assets other than goodwill that are subject to amortization are amortized on a
straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives. The non-compete agreements and license
agreements are amortized over four to five years. The other amortizable intangible assets are amortized over five
to ten years. The components of
intangible assets were as follows: 

2003 

2002 

Gross Carrying 
 Amount 

Accumulated 
 Amortization 

Gross Carrying 
 Amount 

Accumulated 
 Amortization 

Amortized intangible assets: 

Non-compete agreements 

1.3 

(0.7 

0.9 

(0.5 

License agreements 

0.6 

(0.6 

0.6 

(0.5 

Other 

0.5 

(0.3 

0.3 

(0.2 

2.4 

(1.6 

1.8 

(1.2 

Aggregate
amortization expense related to intangible assets, other than goodwill, was
 0.4 million, 0.3 million, and 0.5 million for the years ended
December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively. 

The
estimated future amortization expense related to purchased intangible assets at
December 31, 2003 is as follows: 

Fiscal Year: 

2004 

0.3 

2005 

0.1 

2006 

0.1 

2007 

0.1 

2008 

0.1 

Thereafter 

0.1 

Total 

0.8 

44 

In
accordance with SFAS No. 142, the financial statements for the prior years have
not been restated. A pro forma
reconciliation of net income as if SFAS No. 142 had been adopted for the year
ended December 31, 2001 is presented below: 

2001 

Reported net income (loss) 

16.4 

Add back: 
 goodwill amortization 

2.1 

Adjusted net income (loss) 

18.5 

Basic net income (loss) per share: 

Reported net income (loss) 

0.67 

Add back: 
 goodwill amortization 

0.08 

Adjusted net income (loss) 

0.75 

Diluted net income (loss) per share: 

Reported net income (loss) 

0.66 

Add back: 
 goodwill amortization 

0.08 

Adjusted net income (loss) 

0.74 

DEBT - NOTE D 

In
October 2001, Lone Star entered into a three-year 100 million senior
secured credit facility (the Credit Facility for use by Lone Star and its
domestic subsidiaries. In
December 2003, the Credit Facility was amended and restated Amended
Credit Facility to increase the total available borrowings to 125 million
and extend the expiration date to November 2006. Borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility can be used for
general corporate purposes. Under the
agreement, the Company can borrow an amount based on a percentage of eligible
accounts receivable and inventories reduced by outstanding letters of credit,
which totaled 0.8 million at December 31, 2003. The availability under the Amended Credit Facility was 124.2
million at December 31, 2003. 
Borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility are collateralized by
substantially all of the Company s assets, other than real estate. At the Company s option, the interest rate
is the prime lending rate or the LIBOR plus the applicable additional
interest. At December 31, 2003 and
2002, no amount was outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility. 

In
2000, Fintube had a senior credit facility providing a 20 million revolving
line of credit and a 39 million term loan used to finance a portion of the
purchase price in the Fintube acquisition. 
In August 2001, the Fintube credit facility was paid in full early
and terminated, resulting in the write off of 0.6 million in deferred
financing costs. The write-off totaling
 0.6 million was initially recognized as an extraordinary item for the year
ended December 31, 2001, and subsequently reclassed in 2003 to other
expenses in accordance with SFAS 145. 
In addition, the Company terminated an interest rate swap agreement
related to the Fintube credit facility. 
The settlement of the interest rate swap resulted in a 0.8 million
charge included in other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2001. 

Steel
engages in slab consignment and sales agreements with third parties. Under these agreements, Steel arranges for
third parties to purchase slabs from vendors that manufacture the slabs and the
third party consigns the slab inventory to Steel. Steel is then required to repurchase the slab inventory based on
usage within specified time periods. 
These inventory financing transactions have been accounted for as
product financing arrangements. 
Inventory financed under these arrangements is recorded as inventory by
Steel. At December 31, 2003 and
2002, there were 15.6 million and 11.7 million, respectively, included in
accounts payable under these financing arrangements. 

On
May 29, 2001, Lone Star issued 150.0 million 9 senior subordinated notes due
June 1, 2011 to qualified institutional buyers (the Senior Notes ). Interest on the outstanding Senior Notes
accrues at a rate of 9 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on each
June 1 and December 1. Lone
Star used the proceeds received from the Senior Notes to pay down the revolving
lines of credit, term loans, slab consignment obligations, and for general
corporate purposes. 

45 

The
Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally (as well as jointly and severally)
guaranteed on an unsecured, senior 
subordinated basis by each subsidiary of the Company (the Guarantor
Subsidiaries other than Aletas y Birlos S.A., de C.V. (the Non-Guarantor
Subsidiary (see Note L). Each of the
Guarantor Subsidiaries and the Non-Guarantor Subsidiary is wholly owned by the
Company. 

Total
interest incurred by the Company was 15.4 million, 12.7 million, and 12.8
million for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001,
respectively. Total interest
capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001 was 0.6
million, 1.0 million, and 0.7 million, respectively. 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY - NOTE E 

On
April 23, 2002, Lone Star sold 3.3 million shares of common stock under a
previously filed universal shelf registration statement. Net proceeds to Lone Star were 82.8 million
and were used to acquire Wheeling, Delta and Delta International, and provide
funds for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

On
May 2, 2001, Lone Star sold 1.2 million shares of its common stock under a
previously filed universal shelf registration statement. The proceeds to Lone Star were 50.8
million. Proceeds of the sale were used
to extinguish debt associated with credit facilities at Steel and Fintube and
for general corporate purposes. 

Beginning
in October 2002, Lone Star s Board of Directors authorized the open market
purchase of the Company s common stock from time to time for a total investment
not to exceed 8.0 million. Since the
inception of the stock buy-back program, a total of 160,600 shares at a cost of
 2.0 million, or an average price of 12.61 per share have been repurchased as
treasury shares. The 174,107 and
105,844 treasury shares held as of December 31, 2003 and 2002,
respectively, are reported at their acquired cost. 

The
following table (in whole shares) identifies changes in common stock issued and
treasury stock from January 1, 2001 to December 31, 2003: 

Issued 

Treasury
 Stock 

Outstanding 

Balance, January 1, 2001 

23,822,101 

(168,322 

23,653,779 

Stock offering 

1,150,000 

1,150,000 

Employee benefit plans 

229,494 

168,009 

397,503 

Balance, December 31, 2001 

25,201,595 

(313 

25,201,282 

Stock offering 

3,250,000 

3,250,000 

Employee benefit plans 

87,419 

(4,931 

82,488 

Treasury stock purchase 

(100,600 

(100,600 

Balance, December 31, 2002 

28,539,014 

(105,844 

28,433,170 

Employee benefit plans 

121,889 

(8,263 

113,626 

Treasury stock purchase 

(60,000 

(60,000 

Balance, December 31, 2003 

28,660,903 

(174,107 

28,486,796 

46 

ADDITIONAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION - NOTE F 

At
 December 31, 

2003 

2002 

Inventories 

Finished goods 

55.4 

52.5 

Work in process 

66.9 

48.5 

Raw materials 

55.0 

63.2 

Materials, supplies, and other 

22.6 

24.1 

Total inventories
 at FIFO 

199.9 

188.3 

Reserve to reduce inventories to LIFO value 

(44.1 

(35.8 

Total inventories 

155.8 

152.5 

Amount included in other noncurrent assets 

(3.0 

(4.0 

Inventories,
 current 

152.8 

148.5 

Other current assets 

Insurance and other deposits 

5.6 

4.6 

Other 

9.1 

8.0 

Total other
 current assets 

14.7 

12.6 

Property, plant, and equipment 

Land and land improvements 

18.2 

14.0 

Buildings, structures, and improvements 

32.0 

24.9 

Machinery and equipment 

418.2 

375.8 

Construction in progress 

10.5 

27.5 

Total property,
 plant, and equipment 

478.9 

442.2 

Less accumulated depreciation and
 amortization 

(258.9 

(237.8 

Property, plant,
 and equipment, net 

220.0 

204.4 

Other noncurrent assets 

Inventory (supplies and spare parts) 

3.0 

4.0 

Deferred financing costs 

4.5 

5.3 

Other 

2.4 

2.3 

Total other
 noncurrent assets 

9.9 

11.6 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued compensation 

9.3 

8.2 

Warranty reserves 

2.4 

2.1 

Environmental reserves 

0.7 

0.8 

Pension obligations 

5.0 

2.5 

Other 

10.6 

8.8 

Total accrued
 liabilities 

28.0 

22.4 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Environmental reserves 

8.8 

8.9 

Litigation reserves 

34.0 

32.0 

Other 

4.0 

3.9 

Total other
 noncurrent liabilities 

46.8 

44.8 

During
2002, the Company experienced reductions of inventory that resulted in the
liquidation of previous inventory LIFO layers, the effect of which was not
significant to the results of operations. 

47 

EARNINGS PER SHARE - NOTE G 

Basic
earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding. 
Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the
weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding and other
dilutive securities. 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Numerator: 

Net income (loss) 

(68.2 

(69.2 

16.4 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares used to compute
 basic EPS 

28.4 

27.5 

24.7 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Stock options 

0.3 

Weighted-average shares used to compute
 diluted EPS 

28.4 

27.5 

25.0 

As
a result of the losses incurred in 2003 and 2002, no equivalent shares
attributable to options were considered in computing diluted EPS as such
options would be anti-dilutive. In
2001, options to purchase 0.2 million shares of Lone Star stock were excluded
from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the exercise price
of these options was greater than the average market price of the common shares
for the year, and therefore the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

INCOME TAXES - NOTE H 

Income
tax expense was 0.1 million and 0.8 million in 2003 and 2001, respectively;
and, for 2002, income tax benefit was 0.7 million, including federal
alternative minimum tax AMT and state and foreign income taxes. There was no deferred income tax expense or
benefit for 2003, 2002, or 2001. 

A
reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate to actual income tax benefit
(expense) is as follows: 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Benefit (expense) at U.S. statutory rate 

23.8 

24.5 

(6.2 

State and other income taxes, net of
 federal benefit 

(0.1 

0.7 

(0.3 

Goodwill impairment charge 

(6.5 

Change in valuation allowance 

(19.0 

(23.7 

5.7 

Other 

1.7 

(0.8 

Total income tax benefit (expense) 

(0.1 

0.7 

(0.8 

At
December 31, 2003, Lone Star had federal tax net operating loss
carryforwards (NOL s) of approximately 320.4 million available to offset future
payments of federal income taxes, a portion of which may be related to American
Federal Bank, a former subsidiary of Lone Star and subject to an agreement with
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) whereby Lone Star may be
required to pay the FDIC for certain tax benefits. The NOL s are available for utilization by Lone Star and its
subsidiaries. If not utilized, the
NOL s will expire in varying amounts between years 2004 and 2023, and their
future availability may be limited if Lone Star or a member of the consolidated
group experiences an ownership change of more than 50 percentage points, as
defined by IRS regulations. Lone Star s
common stock is publicly traded, and management cannot assure that future
trading will not result in an ownership change, as defined by IRS regulations,
which would limit the availability of the NOL s. The Company has an AMT credit carryforward totaling 1.6 million
that may be carried forward indefinitely under U.S. law. 

48 

The
following table discloses the components of the deferred tax amounts at
December 31, 2003 and 2002: 

2003 

2002 

Deferred tax assets: 

Postretirement benefit accruals 

16.9 

16.4 

Environmental reserves 

3.3 

3.3 

Other expense accruals and reserves 

5.0 

5.3 

Inventories 

11.0 

5.6 

Other 

0.8 

0.8 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

112.1 

101.8 

Alternative minimum tax credit carryforward 

1.6 

1.6 

Total deferred tax assets 

150.7 

134.8 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property, plant and equipment 

(38.6 

(41.7 

Net deferred tax assets 

112.1 

93.1 

Less valuation allowance 

(112.1 

(93.1 

Net deferred tax amount 

The
ultimate realization of the deferred tax asset depends on the Company s ability
to generate sufficient taxable income in the future. Management believes it is more likely than not that the net
deferred tax asset will not be realized by future operating results. Because of the uncertainty regarding possible
utilization of NOL s and the sensitivity of earnings to the level of domestic
drilling activity, valuation allowances were recorded to fully reserve the
computed net deferred tax assets. 

EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS - NOTE I 

Defined contribution plans . Defined
contribution plans are available to substantially all full-time employees under
which participants can make voluntary pretax contributions. For nonbargaining unit employees, matching
contributions are provided within specified limits. Steel makes contributions at rates specified under collective
bargaining agreements for its bargaining unit employees. Contributions totaled 3.3 million, 2.9
million, and 3.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and
2001, respectively. 

Nonqualified deferred compensation plan . The
Company has a nonqualified compensation plan for certain management personnel
and highly compensated employees of Lone Star and its participating affiliates
that provides eligible employees the opportunity to defer a specified
percentage of their cash compensation. 
Participants may elect to defer up to 25 of total compensation and Lone
Star will match 50 of the amount deferred by each employee with the matching
not to exceed 25,000. The obligation
included in other noncurrent liabilities was 2.1 million and 1.6 million at
December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively. 

Employee stock purchase plan . The
Company has an employee stock purchase plan for all eligible employees. Eligible employees include all regular
full-time employees of Lone Star and its subsidiaries who have been employed
for at least 12 months. Eligible
employees may defer up to 5 of their compensation for each quarter for the
purchase of Lone Star common stock. 
Shares are purchased at the end of each quarter at a price equal to the
lower of: (a) 90 of the market price of Lone Star s common stock on the first
day of the quarter, or (b) 90 of the market price of Lone Star s common stock
on the last day of the quarter. The
maximum number of Lone Star shares that may be purchased for all participants
under the plan is 200,000 shares, of which 165,212 shares were available to be
issued at December 31, 2003. 

Long-term incentive plan . 
Lone Star has a long-term incentive plan which provides for the issuance
of up to 6,700,000 shares of common stock to key employees and outside
directors through the granting of incentive and nonqualified stock options,
stock appreciation rights, restricted stock grants, and performance unit
grants. The option 

49 

price
is the average of the high and low market price on the date of the grant. Options are generally exercisable for ten
years with one-fourth of the shares becoming exercisable on the one-year
anniversary of the grant date and an additional one-fourth becoming exercisable
on the same anniversary date over the next three years. If the optionee s employment is terminated
under certain circumstances after a change of control of Lone Star occurs
before an option s fourth anniversary, the option may be exercised in full
earlier. Also, accelerated vesting of
options can occur upon death or retirement from employment of an option
holder. The following discloses the
stock option activity for the years shown: 

Shares Under 
 Option 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

Outstanding, December 31, 2000 

1,653,725 

23.43 

Granted 

484,375 

38.27 

Exercised 

(265,375 

16.46 

Cancelled/forfeited 

(12,250 

34.22 

Outstanding, December 31, 2001 

1,860,475 

28.66 

Granted 

555,000 

16.90 

Exercised 

(1,500 

27.19 

Cancelled/forfeited 

(65,250 

29.82 

Outstanding, December 31, 2002 

2,348,725 

25.85 

Granted 

447,000 

17.77 

Exercised 

(87,750 

13.65 

Cancelled/forfeited 

(94,750 

24.00 

Outstanding, December 31, 2003 

2,613,225 

24.95 

At
December 31, 2003, 2,112,437 shares were available for grant and options
for 1,535,913 shares were exercisable. 
The following table summarizes information with respect to options
outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2003: 

Options
 Outstanding 

Options
 Exercisable 

Range of 
 Exercise
 Prices 

Number of 
 Shares 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Life
 (Yrs.) 

Number of 
 Shares 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

6.88 

8.81 

56,600 

7.90 

1.3 

56,600 

7.90 

11.06 

16.52 

1,071,625 

14.84 

7.5 

463,000 

13.78 

16.75 

23.39 

305,875 

20.87 

5.1 

209,375 

19.81 

27.19 

39.27 

1,039,750 

34.45 

6.0 

712,250 

34.13 

41.11 

50.06 

139,375 

47.58 

6.8 

94,688 

48.24 

6.88 

50.06 

2,613,225 

24.95 

6.4 

1,535,913 

25.94 

Lone
Star also issued 21,500, 72,750, and 125,500 shares of restricted stock grants
to certain employees, with a value of 0.4 million, 1.1 million, and 5.5
million during 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively. For restricted stock grants issued prior to December 31,
2001, the shares vest ratably over a four-year period. For restricted stock grants issued after
December 31, 2001, the shares vest ratably over a four-year period
beginning on the second anniversary of date of grant. The fair value of restricted stock is charged to Shareholders 
Equity and amortized to expense over the 

50 

requisite
vesting periods. The Company recognized
compensation expense related to these awards of 1.1 million, 0.9 million, and
 0.7 million in 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively. 

Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement
Benefit Plans . Steel has three defined benefit pension
plans covering a substantial portion of its bargaining unit employees. Retirement benefits are based on years of
service at progressively increasing flat-rate amounts. A special initial lump-sum pension payment
equal to 13 weeks of vacation pay is also paid following retirement. It is generally the Company s policy to fund
the minimum required contributions each year as required by applicable
regulations. 

During
1996 and 1998, the three pension plans were amended so that new employees do
not participate in the defined benefit plan. 
New employees are eligible to participate in one of the defined
contribution retirement plans, as are substantially all other employees. 

Steel
also sponsors an unfunded defined benefit postretirement health care plan for
eligible bargaining unit employees and a limited number of other retirees
eligible under special early retirement programs. These health care plan benefits are limited to eligible retirees
and their spouses until age 65, at which time coverage terminates. Certain other postretirement benefits,
primarily life insurance, are also provided. 
The anticipated costs of these postretirement benefits are accrued over
the employees years of service. 

The
following represents the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets
at December 31, 2003 and 2002: 

Pension
 Benefits 

Other
 Benefits 

2003 

2002 

2003 

2002 

Postretirement benefit obligations -
 current 

3.7 

1.2 

1.3 

1.3 

Postretirement benefit obligations -
 noncurrent 

30.1 

31.8 

14.4 

13.8 

Other noncurrent assets - intangible asset 

(1.0 

(1.1 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(31.9 

(30.8 

Net amount recognized 

0.9 

1.1 

15.7 

15.1 

Net
periodic benefit expense for 2003, 2002, and 2001, included the following
components: 

Pension
 Benefits 

Other
 Benefits 

2003 

2002 

2001 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Service cost 

1.0 

0.9 

0.9 

0.6 

0.6 

0.5 

Interest cost 

5.8 

5.2 

5.4 

1.0 

0.9 

0.8 

Expected return on plan asset 

(4.2 

(5.0 

(5.5 

Amortization of prior service cost 

0.1 

0.2 

0.2 

Recognized net actuarial loss (gain) 

2.7 

0.8 

(0.1 

(0.1 

Net periodic
 benefit expense 

5.4 

2.1 

1.0 

1.6 

1.4 

1.2 

51 

The
following table sets forth the changes in the plans benefit obligations,
assets and funded status at December 31, 2003 and 2002: 

Pension
 Benefits 

Other Benefits 

2003 

2002 

2003 

2002 

Change in Projected Benefit Obligation 

Benefit obligation at beginning of year 

86.9 

80.6 

15.0 

13.3 

Service cost 

1.0 

0.9 

0.6 

0.6 

Interest cost 

5.8 

5.2 

1.0 

0.9 

Actuarial loss (gain) 

6.2 

6.5 

(0.6 

2.0 

Benefits paid 

(6.4 

(6.3 

(1.1 

(1.8 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

93.5 

86.9 

14.9 

15.0 

Change in Plan Assets 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

53.4 

57.1 

Actual return on plan assets 

6.8 

(4.1 

Employer contributions 

5.6 

6.7 

1.1 

1.8 

Benefits paid 

(6.4 

(6.3 

(1.1 

(1.8 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

59.4 

53.4 

Reconciliation of Funded Status 

Unfunded status - obligation in excess of
 assets 

34.1 

33.5 

14.9 

15.0 

Unrecognized actuarial gain (loss) 

(32.2 

(31.3 

0.8 

0.1 

Unrecognized prior service cost 

(1.0 

(1.1 

Net amount recognized 

0.9 

1.1 

15.7 

15.1 

The
Accumulated Benefit Obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was 93.2
million and 86.4 million at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively. 

The
following weighted average assumptions were used in determining net periodic
benefit expense and benefit obligations: 

For the
 Year Ended 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Net Periodic Benefit Expense 

Discount rate 

6.75 

6.75 

6.75 

Expected long-term investment return on plan
 assets 

8.00 

8.00 

9.00 

Rate of compensation increase 

4.00 

4.00 

4.00 

Benefit Obligations 

Discount rate 

6.25 

6.75 

7.50 

Rate of compensation increase 

3.00 

4.00 

4.00 

The
return on plan assets reflects the weighted-average of the expected long-term
rates of return for the broad categories of investments held in the plans. The expected long-term rate of return is
adjusted when there are fundamental changes in expected returns on the plan
assets. The Company uses an annual
measurement date of November 30 th . 

Pension
contributions to be paid in 2004 are estimated to be 10.0 million, reflecting
quarterly contributions to certain plans as required by the IRS Code
Section 412. 

52 

Assumed
health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported
for the health care plans. The annual
rate of increase in the per capita costs of covered health care benefits is
assumed to decrease from 10 to an ultimate trend rate of 5 by the year
2010. Increasing the assumed medical
cost trend rates by one percentage point in each year would have resulted in a
 1.2 million increase in the benefit obligation as of December 31, 2003,
and a 0.2 million increase in the aggregate of the service cost and interest
cost components of net periodic benefit expense for 2003. A 1 decrease in the assumed trend rates
would have resulted in a 1.0 million decrease in the benefit obligation and a
 0.2 million decrease in expense. 

Lone
Star s investment strategy for its pension plans is to preserve the capital of
the pension plans assets and maximize investment earnings in excess of
inflation with acceptable levels of volatility while meeting the pension plans 
goal of providing, protecting, and enhancing the economic well-being of Lone
Star employees, retirees, and their beneficiaries. This investment strategy will be achieved through target
allocation for each asset class with a maximum and minimum range around each target. No investments will be made in securities
which fall outside of the categories listed below. Without limiting the general scope of the foregoing, private
placements and the securities of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. are specifically
excluded and not deemed appropriate investments. Target allocations for 2004 are as follows: 

Range 

Asset Category 

Target 

Min 

Max 

Domestic equity securities 

40 

30 

50 

International equity securities 

10 

0 

20 

Fixed income securities 

48 

35 

65 

Cash investments 

2 

0 

5 

The
allocations are rebalanced as considered necessary by the Company s pension
plan committee to correspond with anticipated change in investing
conditions. The following table sets
forth the percentage of fair value of total assets by asset category as of the
Company s measurement date: 

Fiscal
 Year 

Asset Category 

2003 

2002 

Domestic equity securites 

43 

40 

International equity securities 

16 

15 

Fixed income securities 

40 

44 

Cash investments 

1 

1 

Total 

100 

100 

Profit sharing plans . Lone
Star and its subsidiaries have profit sharing plans for substantially all
employees that provide for payment of a specified percentage of quarterly
operating earnings. Total payments to
employees were 0.4 million, 0.4 million, and 3.2 million for 2003, 2002, and
2001, respectively. 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - NOTE J 

As
of December 31, 2003, the Company has long-term purchase commitments
totaling 18.5 million to acquire natural gas at specified minimum volumes and
at fixed prices through September 2005. 

Equipment
is leased under various operating leases. 
Rental expense totaled 4.5 million, 5.0 million, and 5.0 million in
2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively. 
Future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases with
initial or remaining terms in excess of one year are as follows: 2004, 1.6
million; 2005, 1.2 million; 2006, 0.9 million; 2007, 0.5 million; 2008, 0.2
million; and thereafter, 0.1 million. 

53 

Lone
Star s operations are subject to numerous environmental laws. The three major areas of regulation are air
quality, water quality, and solid and hazardous waste management. The primary governmental oversight agencies
include the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality and the Environmental
Protection Agency. The Company is
engaged in various ongoing environmental monitoring and compliance programs,
voluntary remediation activities, and capital improvement projects. Estimated expenditures for certain
remediation programs are included in accrued liabilities and other noncurrent
liabilities as shown in Note F and are computed on a non-discounted basis. Included in other noncurrent liabilities are
environmental reserves of 8.8 million and 8.9 million at December 31,
2003 and 2002, respectively. Current
reserves of 0.7 million and 0.8 million are included in accrued liabilities
at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively. The Company believes that adequate accruals have been made
related to all known environmental matters. 

On
August 16, 2001, Lone Star entered into an agreement to purchase the
assets of North Star Steel Company s Tubular Steel Division. Consummation of the acquisition was subject
to completion of financing arrangements. 
Due to lack of common stock financing which, along with certain debt
financing, was required by the acquisition agreement to close the acquisition,
Lone Star notified Cargill, Incorporated, the parent company of North Star
Steel Company, on December 14, 2001, that it was not able to complete the
acquisition. Later that day, Cargill,
Incorporated notified Lone Star that it was filing a lawsuit against Lone Star
seeking unspecified damages and alleging that Lone Star had breached the
agreement. On March 13, 2003, the
jury in Minnesota returned a verdict of 32 million in damages against Lone
Star. The Company believes it has fully
performed all of its obligations under the acquisition agreement and is
vigorously contesting the verdict. Lone
Star has set up a reserve of 34 million which includes accrued interest of
 2.0 million and is included in noncurrent liabilities at December 31,
2003. 

During
the last five years, Steel has been named as one of a number of defendants in
36 lawsuits alleging that certain individuals were exposed to asbestos on the
defendants premises. The plaintiffs
are seeking unspecified damages. To
date several of these lawsuits have been settled for approximately 60,000 in
the aggregate. Of the 36 lawsuits,
twelve have been settled or are pending settlement and nine have been dismissed
or are pending dismissal. Steel did not
manufacture or distribute any products containing asbestos. Some or all of these claims may not be
covered by the Company s insurance. The
Company has accrued for the estimated exposure to known claims, but does not
know the extent to which future claims may be filed. Therefore, the Company cannot estimate its exposure, if any, to
unasserted claims. 

In
2003, Lone Star s subsidiary Zinklahoma, Inc., inactive since 1989, was named
as one of a number of defendants in five lawsuits alleging that the plaintiffs
had contracted mesothelioma as the result of exposure to asbestos in products
manufactured by the defendants and John Zink Company Zink ). Two of these lawsuits have been
dismissed. Lone Star acquired the stock
of Zink in 1987 and, in 1989, sold the assets of the former Zink to Koch
Industries, Inc. Koch and renamed the now-inactive subsidiary Zinklahoma,
Inc. Lone Star retained, and agreed to
indemnify Koch against, certain pre-closing liabilities of Zink. It is Lone Star s understanding that Zink
never manufactured asbestos and primarily used it only in certain purchased
gaskets that were encapsulated in copper and contained in burners and flares
made by Zink prior to 1984, when Zink ceased using asbestos-containing products
entirely. Koch continues to operate the
business as John Zink Company, LLC Zink LLC ). In addition, Zink LLC has been named in eight lawsuits in which
the plaintiffs, one of whom has mesothelioma, allege exposure to asbestos in
Zink s products and three personal injury lawsuits resulting from a 2001
explosion and flash fire at a flare stack and crude unit atmospheric heater. Zink allegedly manufactured the flare and
related components for the flare stack in the early 1970s. Koch is seeking indemnification from Lone
Star with respect to these eleven lawsuits. 
The costs of defending and settling the lawsuits alleging exposure to
asbestos in Zink s products have been borne by Zink s insurance carrier. Lone Star believes that Koch s indemnity
claim with respect to the 2001 explosion and flash fire is covered by its
insurance, subject to a deductible, and has notified its insurance carrier of
that claim. 

Steel s
workers compensation insurance was with one insurance carrier from 1992
through 2001. In March 2002 that
carrier was declared insolvent and placed in receivership. Since then, the Texas Property and Casualty
Insurance Guaranty Association TPCIGA has been paying the insolvent
carrier s obligations under those insurance policies, as required by Texas
law. Through February 2, 2004
TPCIGA had paid 1.6 million in claims under those policies, and it estimates
that it will pay an additional 2.0 million in claims over the next few years,
for an estimated total of 3.6 million. 

54 

Of
this total, about 2.3 million relate to claims that are more than the policy
deductibles (the excess claims ), and the remaining 1.3 million relate to
claims that are less than the policy deductibles (the deductible
claims ). TPCIGA is entitled by law to
recover from the insured the amount of certain insurance claims paid by it if
the insured s net worth is more than 50 million on December 31 of the
year before the insurance carrier became insolvent. Because Steel s net worth on December 31, 2001 was more than
 50 million, TPCIGA asserts that Steel owes it the 1.6 million for claims paid
so far and that it can recover from Steel the estimated future claim payments
of about 2.0 million as they are paid. 
Steel contends, however, that part of TPCIGA s claim for reimbursement -
the 2.3 million of excess claims - is without merit because Steel and its
legal counsel believe that the Texas law in question does not apply to workers 
compensation insurance. Steel intends
to defend vigorously against this claim. 

Steel
believes that it is most likely liable for the estimated 1.3 million of
deductible claims, but Steel contends that this potential liability is reduced
by a 0.9 million deposit that Steel paid to the insurance carrier before its
impairment. This contention is being
contested by TPCIGA. Steel is uncertain
how much, if any, of the deposit is recoverable from the receiver, and it is
difficult to evaluate Steel s deductible reimbursement defense since it
involves the interpretation of a statute that would be a case of first
impression. Therefore, Steel has not
recognized a liability in the balance sheet for the estimated 2.3 million of
TPCIGA past and future payments of excess claims. It also has not recognized a liability in the event that Steel is
unable to either recover or offset the 0.9 million deposit amount. 

Lone
Star and its subsidiaries are parties to a number of other lawsuits and
controversies which are not discussed herein. 
Management of Lone Star and its operating companies, based upon their
analysis of known facts and circumstances and reports from legal counsel, does
not believe that any such matter will have a material adverse effect on the
results of operations, financial condition or cash flows of Lone Star and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

ACQUISITIONS NOTE K 

Wheeling. On
October 1, 2002, Lone Star purchased the majority of the assets of
Wheeling Machine Products, Inc. and Wheeling Machine Products of Texas, Inc.
(collectively, Wheeling ), in cash for a base purchase price of 21.2 million
plus a 16.7 million adjustment for working capital and approximately 0.4 million
in acquisition related expenses (the Wheeling Acquisition ). The Wheeling Acquisition was effective
October 1, 2002. The results of
Wheeling s operations have been included in the consolidated financial
statements since that date. The
acquired business is a leading domestic supplier of couplings used to connect
individual sections of oilfield casing and tubing. No goodwill was recognized in the acquisition. The net purchase price was allocated as
follows: 

Current assets 

17.3 

Net property and equipment 

21.4 

Other assets 

0.2 

Liabilities assumed 

(0.6 

Net purchase price 

38.3 

Delta. 
 On May 1,
2003, Lone Star purchased substantially all of the assets of Delta, a leading
provider of high-quality customized oil country tubular processing services,
for a base purchase price of approximately 14.0 million in cash and
approximately 0.2 million in acquisition related expenses. The acquisition of Delta is intended to
improve Lone Star s competitive position in the oilfield segment and allow for
certain cost synergies. In connection
with the purchase, 4.1 million was allocated to goodwill and 0.4 million
allocated to amortizable intangible assets. 
The amortizable intangible assets are being amortized over their
estimated useful lives of five to ten years. 
Delta s results of operations have been included in the consolidated
financial statements since the date of acquisition. 

55 

The
following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition: 

Current assets 

2.9 

Net property and equipment 

7.7 

Other assets 

0.4 

Goodwill 

4.1 

Liabilities assumed 

(0.9 

Net purchase price 

14.2 

Delta
International . On June 2, 2003, Lone Star purchased certain assets of
Frank s Tubular International Frank s ), a leading provider of high-quality
threading and inspection services, for a base purchase price of 18.9 million
in cash and approximately 0.9 million in acquisition related expenses. Subsequent to the acquisition, Lone Star
changed the name of Frank s to Delta Tubular International. The acquisition of Delta International further
enhances Lone Star s competitive position within the oilfield segment by offering
customers a broad range of oilfield services and allows for cost
synergies. In connection with the
purchase, 0.4 million was allocated to goodwill and 0.2 million was allocated
to amortizable intangible assets, which is being amortized over its estimated
useful life of five years. Delta
International s results of operations have been included in the consolidated
financial statements since the date of acquisition. 

The
following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition: 

Current assets 

1.0 

Net property and equipment 

18.5 

Other assets 

0.2 

Goodwill 

0.4 

Liabilities assumed 

(0.3 

Net purchase price 

19.8 

The
operating results of the Wheeling, Delta, and Delta International acquisitions
have been included in the Consolidated Statements of Income from the effective
dates of acquisition. The unaudited pro
forma results below assume the acquisitions occurred on January 1, 2001: 

For the
 Year Ended 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Net sales 

540.2 

554.1 

703.9 

Net income (loss) 

(69.3 

(71.7 

20.9 

Basic income (loss) per share 

(2.44 

(2.61 

0.84 

Diluted income (loss) per share 

(2.44 

(2.61 

0.83 

The
preceding pro forma results include adjustments to eliminate intercompany sales
and give effect to amortization of goodwill, interest expense and other
purchase price adjustments. The pro
forma results are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that
would have occurred if the acquisitions had been consummated as of the
beginning of the periods presented, nor are they necessarily indicative of
future operating results. 

56 

GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARIES - NOTE L 

The
following condensed, consolidating financial statements of the Company include
the accounts of the Company, the combined accounts of the Guarantor
Subsidiaries and the accounts of the Non-Guarantor Subsidiary. Each of the Guarantor Subsidiaries and
Non-Guarantor Subsidiary is wholly-owned by the Company. Given the size of the Non-Guarantor
Subsidiary relative to the Company on a consolidated basis, separate financial
statements of the respective Guarantor Subsidiaries are not presented because management
has determined that such information is not material in assessing the Guarantor
Subsidiaries. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
AT DECEMBER 31, 2003 

Company 

Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 

Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiary 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

33.0 

0.3 

33.3 

Accounts receivable, net 

7.4 

65.4 

0.6 

(1.6 

71.8 

Inventories 

152.2 

0.6 

152.8 

Other current assets 

4.2 

10.0 

0.5 

14.7 

Total current assets 

44.6 

227.9 

1.7 

(1.6 

272.6 

Investment in subsidiaries 

238.4 

(238.4 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

0.2 

218.3 

1.5 

220.0 

Goodwill 

3.5 

37.4 

40.9 

Other noncurrent assets 

147.1 

5.1 

0.2 

(110.3 

42.1 

Total assets 

433.8 

488.7 

3.4 

(350.3 

575.6 

Liabilities
 Shareholders Equity 

Accounts payable 

0.2 

53.2 

8.6 

(1.6 

60.4 

Accrued liabilities 

1.7 

25.9 

0.4 

28.0 

Total current liabilities 

1.9 

79.1 

9.0 

(1.6 

88.4 

Senior subordinated debt 

150.0 

150.0 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

36.0 

165.6 

(110.3 

91.3 

Total liabilities 

187.9 

244.7 

9.0 

(111.9 

329.7 

Total shareholders equity 

245.9 

244.0 

(5.6 

(238.4 

245.9 

Total liabilities equity 

433.8 

488.7 

3.4 

(350.3 

575.6 

57 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATING RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003 

Company 

Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 

Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiary 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net Revenues 

561.0 

5.7 

(32.6 

534.1 

Cost of Goods Sold 

556.1 

5.7 

(32.9 

528.9 

Gross profit 

4.9 

0.3 

5.2 

Selling, general, and administrative 

6.8 

53.8 

0.9 

61.5 

Operating income (loss) 

(6.8 

(48.9 

(0.9 

0.3 

(56.3 

Equity in subsidiaries income (loss) 

(47.6 

47.6 

Interest income (expense), net 

(14.2 

0.2 

(14.0 

Other income (expense), net 

0.4 

2.7 

(0.9 

2.2 

Income (loss) before income tax 

(68.2 

(46.0 

(1.8 

47.9 

(68.1 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

(0.1 

(0.1 

Net income (loss) 

(68.2 

(46.1 

(1.8 

47.9 

(68.2 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATING CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003 

Company 

Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 

Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiary 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(39.9 

(0.7 

(40.6 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

(0.1 

(14.2 

(0.1 

(14.4 

Proceeds from sale of PP E 

0.4 

0.4 

Acquisitions, net of cash received 

(34.0 

(34.0 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(34.1 

(13.8 

(0.1 

(48.0 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances from parent 

82.4 

(83.0 

0.6 

Issuance of preferred stock 

(105.0 

105.0 

Proceeds from exercise of options 

1.3 

1.3 

Dividends to parent 

9.8 

(9.8 

Purchase of treasury stock 

(0.8 

(0.8 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

(12.3 

12.2 

0.6 

0.5 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

1.6 

(0.7 

0.9 

Net change in cash 

(86.3 

(0.7 

(0.2 

(87.2 

Cash beginning balance 

119.3 

1.0 

0.2 

120.5 

Cash ending balance 

33.0 

0.3 

33.3 

58 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
AT DECEMBER 31, 2002 

Company 

Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 

Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiary 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

119.3 

1.0 

0.2 

120.5 

Accounts receivable, net 

3.9 

57.5 

2.7 

(3.9 

60.2 

Inventories 

148.4 

0.4 

(0.3 

148.5 

Other current assets 

1.4 

11.0 

0.2 

12.6 

Total current assets 

124.6 

217.9 

3.5 

(4.2 

341.8 

Investment in subsidiary 

174.4 

(174.4 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

0.2 

202.1 

2.1 

204.4 

Goodwill 

3.5 

51.6 

55.1 

Other noncurrent assets 

198.2 

6.3 

(192.9 

11.6 

Total assets 

500.9 

477.9 

5.6 

(371.5 

612.9 

Liabilities
 Shareholders Equity 

Accounts payable 

2.6 

28.1 

7.6 

(0.8 

37.5 

Accrued liabilities 

1.8 

20.0 

0.6 

22.4 

Total current liabilities 

4.4 

48.1 

8.2 

(0.8 

59.9 

Senior subordinated debt 

150.0 

150.0 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

33.9 

249.4 

(192.9 

90.4 

Total liabilities 

188.3 

297.5 

8.2 

(193.7 

300.3 

Total shareholders equity 

312.6 

180.4 

(2.6 

(177.8 

312.6 

Total liabilities equity 

500.9 

477.9 

5.6 

(371.5 

612.9 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATING RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002 

Company 

Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 

Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiary 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net Revenues 

528.6 

8.3 

(13.2 

523.7 

Cost of Goods Sold 

520.7 

8.5 

(12.9 

516.3 

Gross profit 

7.9 

(0.2 

(0.3 

7.4 

Selling, general, and administrative 

37.2 

30.9 

1.1 

69.2 

Operating income (loss) 

(37.2 

(23.0 

(1.3 

(0.3 

(61.8 

Equity in subsidiaries income (loss) 

(22.6 

22.6 

Interest expense 

(12.7 

(12.7 

Interest income 

2.5 

2.5 

Other income (expense), net 

0.1 

1.7 

0.3 

2.1 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(69.9 

(21.3 

(1.3 

22.6 

(69.9 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

0.7 

0.7 

Net income (loss) 

(69.2 

(21.3 

(1.3 

22.6 

(69.2 

59 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATING CASH FLOW STATEMENT 

 FOR THE
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002 

Company 

Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 

Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiary 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

2.9 

(14.9 

(0.4 

(12.4 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

(15.6 

(0.3 

(15.9 

Proceeds from sale of PP E 

0.2 

0.2 

Acquisitions, net of cash received 

(38.3 

(38.3 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(38.3 

(15.4 

(0.3 

(54.0 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances from parent 

(32.5 

32.0 

0.5 

Proceeds from issuance of stock 

82.8 

82.8 

Purchase of treasury stock 

(1.3 

(1.3 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

49.0 

32.0 

0.5 

81.5 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

(1.1 

(1.1 

Net change in cash 

13.6 

0.6 

(0.2 

14.0 

Cash beginning balance 

105.6 

0.5 

0.4 

106.5 

Cash ending balance 

119.2 

1.1 

0.2 

120.5 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING
INCOME STATEMENT 

 FOR THE
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001 

Company 

Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 

Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiary 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net Revenues 

653.5 

9.7 

(13.0 

650.2 

Cost of Goods Sold 

583.7 

10.2 

(13.0 

580.9 

Gross profit 

69.8 

(0.5 

69.3 

Selling, general and administrative 

(0.4 

35.7 

0.8 

36.1 

Operating income (loss) 

0.4 

34.1 

(1.3 

33.2 

Equity in subsidiaries income 

19.7 

(19.7 

Interest income (expense), net 

1.2 

(11.1 

(9.9 

Other income (expense), net 

(4.9 

(1.1 

(0.1 

(6.1 

Income (loss) before income tax 

16.4 

21.9 

(1.4 

(19.7 

17.2 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

(0.8 

(0.8 

Net income (loss) 

16.4 

21.1 

(1.4 

(19.7 

16.4 

60 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATING CASH FLOW STATEMENT 

 FOR THE
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001 

Company 

Guarantor 
 Subsidiaries 

Non-Guarantor 
 Subsidiary 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities 

(6.3 

41.0 

(3.4 

31.3 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing
 activities 

10.3 

(23.9 

(1.0 

(14.7 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing
 activities 

76.3 

(17.0 

4.3 

63.2 

Net change in cash 

80.3 

0.1 

(0.1 

79.8 

Cash beginning balance 

25.3 

0.4 

0.5 

26.7 

Cash ending balance 

105.6 

0.5 

0.4 

106.5 

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL SUMMARY (UNAUDITED) - NOTE M 

2003 -
 Quarter Ended 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Total 
 Year 

Net revenues 

128.1 

141.3 

132.0 

132.7 

534.1 

Gross profit 

4.3 

3.4 

(2.4 

(0.1 

5.2 

Net loss 

(7.9 

(9.2 

(17.1 

(34.0 

(68.2 

Per common share - basic and diluted 

Net loss available to common shareholders 

(0.28 

(0.32 

(0.60 

(1.20 

(2.40 

2002 -
 Quarter Ended 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Total 
 Year 

Net revenues 

123.2 

150.1 

142.7 

107.7 

523.7 

Gross profit 

5.0 

8.9 

0.8 

(7.3 

7.4 

Net loss 

(5.9 

(2.4 

(10.4 

(50.5 

(69.2 

Per common share - basic and diluted 

Net loss available to common shareholders 

(0.23 

(0.08 

(0.37 

(1.77 

(2.52 

61 

LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 Schedule II - Valuation and
Qualifying Accounts 
 December
31, 2001, 2002, and 2003 
 in millions) 

Balance at 
 Beginning 
 of Period 

Charged to 
 Costs and 
 Expenses 

Charged 
 to Other 
 Accounts 

Deductions 

Balance 
 at End 
 of Period 

Year ended December 31, 2001 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

2.0 

0.7 

(0.9 

1.8 

Valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets 

74.5 

(5.1 

69.4 

Year ended December 31, 2002 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

1.8 

0.1 

(0.3 

1.6 

Valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets 

69.4 

23.7 

93.1 

Year ended December 31, 2003 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

1.6 

0.5 

(0.4 

1.7 

Valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets 

93.1 

19.0 

112.1 

ITEM
9. CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL 

 DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES 

Under
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Evaluation Date and whether any change has
occurred in the Company s internal control over financial reporting pursuant to
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d). 
Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded as of the Evaluation Date that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective such that the material information
required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in SEC rules and forms relating to Lone Star, including our
consolidated subsidiaries, and was accumulated and communicated to them by
others within those entities, as appropriate during the period when this report
was being prepared in order to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

In
addition, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting
identified in connection with our evaluation that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

62 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Information
required under this item is contained in Lone Star s proxy statement for the
2004 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

Information
required under this item is contained in Lone Star s proxy statement for the
2004 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

I TEM
12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER
MATTERS 

Information
required under this item with respect to beneficial owners of more than 5
percent of outstanding common stock, directors and executive officers and
securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is contained
in Lone Star s proxy statement for the 2004 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

Information
required under this item with respect to directors and executive officers is
contained in Lone Star s proxy statement for the 2004 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Information
with respect to fees and services related to the Company s independent
auditors, Deloitte Touche LLP, and the disclosure of the Audit
Committee s pre-approval policies and procedures are contained in Lone Star s
proxy statement for the 2004 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and are
incorporated herein by reference. 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

(a)1. 

Financial Statements
 - the following Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this
 report: 

Reports of
 Independent Public Accountants 

Consolidated Results
 of Operations - 
 for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001 

Consolidated Balance Sheets
 at December 31, 2003 and 2002 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows - 
 for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001 

Consolidated
 Statements of Shareholders Equity - 
 at December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements 

2 . 

Schedule II
 - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

Note: All
schedules not filed herein for which provision is made under rules of
Regulation S-X have been omitted as not applicable or not required or the
information required has been included in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

63 

3. Index to Exhibits 

Description 

2.1 

Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated as of November 16, 1999 by and among Lone Star,
 Fintube Technologies, Inc. and Fintube Limited Partnership (incorporated by
 reference to the same numbered Exhibit to Form 8-K of Lone Star as filed on
 January 18, 2000.) 

2.2 

First
 Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of January 1, 2000 by and
 among Lone Star, Fintube Technologies, Inc. and Fintube Limited Partnership
 (incorporated by reference to the same numbered Exhibit to Form 8-K of Lone
 Star as filed on January 18, 2000.) 

2.3 

Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated as of March 7, 2000 by and among Lone Star,
 Bellville Acquisition, Inc. and Bellville Tube Corporation (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K of Lone Star as filed on April 14,
 2000.) 

2.4 

First
 Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of March 31, 2000 by and
 among Lone Star, Bellville Acquisition, Inc. and Bellville Tube Corporation
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Form 8-K of Lone Star as filed
 on April 14, 2000.) 

2.5 

Purchase
 and Sale Agreement among North Star Steel Company, Universal Tubular
 Services, Inc., Cargill, Incorporated, Lone Star Technologies, Inc., and Star
 Seamless, Inc., dated as of August 16, 2001 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K of Lone Star as filed on August 17, 2001). 

2.6 

Asset
 Purchase Agreement, dated September 9, 2002, among Lone Star, Wheeling
 Acquisition Corporation (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lone Star), Wheeling
 and Nassau Holding Corporation, as Owner of Wheeling (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K of Lone Star dated September 30,
 2002 and filed on October 7, 2002). 

2.7 

Amendment
 to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 30, 2002, among Lone Star,
 Wheeling Acquisition Corporation (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lone Star),
 Wheeling and Nassau Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 2.2 to Form 8-K of Lone Star dated September 30, 2002 and filed on
 October 7, 2002). 

3.1 

Certificate
 of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to
 Form S-4 Registration Statement of Lone Star as filed on April 4, 1986,
 File No. 33-4581). 

3.2 

Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated September 30, 1986
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form S-3 Registration Statement
 of Lone Star as filed on February 4, 2000, File No. 333-96207). 

3.3 

Agreement
 and Plan of Merger dated March 6, 1986, among Steel, a Texas
 corporation, Lone Star, a Delaware corporation, and Lone Star Steel Company
 Merging Corporation, a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit II to Form S-4 Registration Statement of Lone Star as filed on
 April 4, 1986, File No. 33-4581). 

3.4 

By-Laws
 as adopted March 6, 1986, as amended effective September 30, 1986
 and March 15, 1990 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Form S-3
 Registration Statement of Lone Star as filed on February 4, 2000, file
 No. 333-96207). 

3.5 

Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated May 20, 1998 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
 1998). 

4.1 

Statement
 of Resolution establishing Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A (par value 1
 per share), dated September 9, 1988 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3(c) of Form 10-K of Lone Star filed April 7, 1989). 

4.2 

Lone
 Star Indenture with Bankers Trust Company, Trustee, with respect to
 50,000,000 8 Convertible Subordinated Debentures Due 2002 (Eurobonds),
 dated August 26, 1987 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(c) of Form
 10-K of Lone Star as filed on April 7, 1989). 

4.3 

Stock
 Registration Agreement dated January 1, 2000 among Lone Star
 Technologies, Inc., Fintube Limited Partnership, Yorktown Energy Partners,
 Brown University Third Century Fund, Warburg, Dillon, Reed, L.L.C. and
 Ticonderoga Partners and the stockholders named therein (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-3 Registration Agreement of Lone Star as
 filed on February 4, 2000, File No. 333-96207). 

4.4 

Letter
 Agreement dated October 19, 2000 by Alpine Capital, L.P., Keystone, Inc.
 and The Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Foundation to Lone Star (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Amendment No. 2 to Form S-3 Registration
 Statement of Lone Star as filed on October 30, 2000, File No.
 333-41130). 

64 

4.5 

Indenture
 dated as of May 29, 2001 among Lone Star, Environmental Holdings, Inc.,
 Zinklahoma, Inc., Lone Star Steel Company, Lone Star Logistics, Inc., Lone
 Star Steel International, Inc., Lone Star Steel Sales Company, Rotac, Inc.,
 T N Lone Star Warehouse Co., Texas 
 Northern Railway Company, Lone Star ST Holdings, Inc., Fintube
 Technologies, Inc., Fintube Canada, Inc., Bellville Tube Corporation, and
 Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, National Association (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.3 to Form S-4 Registration Statement of Lone Star as filed on
 June 27, 2001, File No. 333-63944). 

4.6 

Exchange
 and Registration Rights Agreement dated May 29, 2001, among Lone Star,
 Goldman, Sachs Co., Salomon Smith Barney Inc., Banc of America
 Securities LLC, CIBC World Markets Corp., Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein
 Securities LLC, RBC Dominion Securities Corporation, and The
 Robinson-Humphrey Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to
 Form S-4 Registration Statement of Lone Star as filed on June 27, 2001,
 File No. 333-63944). 

4.7 

Letter
 Agreement dated October 16, 2002 by Keystone, Inc., Alpine Capital L.P.,
 and the Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Foundation to Lone Star (incorporated by
 references to Exhibit 4.11 to Form S-3 Registration Statement of Lone Star as
 filed on October 16, 2002. File
 No. 333-100579). 

10.1 

Amended
 1985 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of
 Proxy Statement of Lone Star as filed on October 22, 1993). 

10.1(a) 

Amendments
 to the Amended 1985 Long-Term Incentive Plan adopted on May 8, 1997
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(a) to Form 10-Q of Lone Star for
 the quarter ended June 30, 1997). 

10.1(b) 

Amendments
 to the Amended 1985 Long-Term Incentive Plan adopted on May 14, 1998
 (incorporated by reference to same numbered Exhibit to Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended June 30, 1998). 

10.1(c) 

Amendments
 to the Amended 1985 Long-Term Incentive Plan adopted on May 11, 1999
 (incorporated by reference to same numbered Exhibit to Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended June 30, 1999). 

10.1(d) 

Amendment
 to the Amended 1985 Long-Term Incentive Plan adopted on May 9, 2000
 (incorporated by reference to same numbered Exhibit to Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended June 30, 2000.) 

10.1(e) 

Amendments
 to the Amended 1985 Long-Term Incentive Plan adopted on May 8, 2001
 (incorporated by reference to same numbered exhibit to Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended June 30, 2001). 

10.1(f) 

Amendment
 to the 1985 Long-Term Incentive Plan adopted on May 9, 2002 (incorporated by
 reference to same numbered exhibit to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 June 30, 2002). 

10.1(g) 

Amendments
 to the 1985 Long-Term Incentive Plan adopted on May 13, 2003. 

10.2 

Employment
 Retention Policy adopted May 8, 1997, letter agreements dated May 22, 1997
 between Lone Star and John P. Harbin, Charles J. Keszler and Robert F. Spears
 and between Steel and W. Byron Dunn and letter agreement dated
 September 25, 1997 between Lone Star and Rhys J. Best (incorporated by
 reference to same numbered Exhibit to Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 1997). 

10.3 

Contract
 for Electric Service dated September 30, 1996 between Southwestern
 Electric Power Company and Steel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21
 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996). 

10.4 

Credit
 Agreement dated as of October 2, 1997 by and among Steel and the banks
 named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 1997). 

10.5 

Cost
 Sharing Agreement dated as of July 1, 1997 between Lone Star and Steel
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 1997). 

10.6 

Compromise
 and Settlement Agreement and Release dated July 31, 1997 between Lone
 Star and Guaranty Federal Bank, F.S.B. (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 1997). 

10.7 

Consulting
 Agreement dated as of July 23, 1998 between Lone Star and John P. Harbin
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Form 10-Q for the quarter
 ended September 30, 1998). 

10.8 

Phantom
 Stock Deferred Compensation Plan adopted on September 22, 1998
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Form 10-Q for the quarter
 ended September 30, 1998). 

10.9 

Financing
 Agreement dated March 12, 1999 between Steel and The CIT Group/Business
 Credit, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended March 31, 1999). 

10.10 

Subordination
 Agreement dated March 12, 1999 between Lone Star and The CIT
 Group/Business Credit, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1999). 

10.11 

Intercreditor
 Agreement dated March 12, 1999 among Lone Star, Steel and The CIT
 Group/Business Credit, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1999). 

65 

10.12 

Amendment
 agreement dated December 28, 1999 to Financing Agreement dated
 March 12, 1999 between Steel and The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 1999). 

10.13(a) 

Limited
 Guaranty dated December 28, 1999 of Lone Star in favor of The CIT
 Group/Business Credit, Inc., as Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.34 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999). 

10.14(b) 

Limited
 Guaranty dated as of March 31, 2000 by and between the CIT
 Group/Business Credit, Inc., as agent, and Lone Star (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 2.3 to Form 8-K of Lone Star as filed on April 14,
 2000). 

10.15(c) 

Stock
 Pledge Agreement dated as of March 31, 2000 by and between the CIT
 Group/Business Credit, Inc., as agent, and Lone Star (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 2.4 to Form 8-K of Lone Star as filed on April 14,
 2000). 

10.16 

Credit
 Agreement dated as of January 3, 2000 among Fintube Technologies, Inc.
 Fintube ), the financial institutions named in the Agreement Lenders and Bank of America, N.A., as Agent for the Lenders (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.35 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
 2000). 

10.17 

Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan adopted on May 9, 2000 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.36 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2000). 

10.18 

Deferred
 Compensation Plan adopted by Lone Star s Board of Directors on May 9, 2000
 and as amended by Lone Star s Board of Directors on December 3, 2002
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2002). 

10.19 

Amendment
 agreement dated September 29, 2000 to Financing Agreement dated
 March 12, 1999 between Steel and The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Form 10-Q for the quarter
 ended September 30, 2000). 

10.20 

Amendment
 agreement dated October 25, 2000 to Financing Agreement dated
 March 12, 1999 between Steel and The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2000). 

10.21 

Modification
 Agreement dated September __, 2000 to Credit Agreement dated as of
 January 3, 2000 among Fintube, the Lenders and Bank of America, N.A., as
 Agent for the Lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Form
 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000). 

10.22 

Second
 Modification Agreement dated February 20, 2001 to Credit Agreement dated
 as of January 3, 2000 among Fintube, the Lenders and Bank of America,
 N.A., as Agent for the Lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to
 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000). 

10.23 

Employment
 Agreement dated May 7, 2001 between Lone Star and Rhys J. Best (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K of Lone Star as filed on May 9,
 2001). 

10.24 

Purchase
 Agreement dated May 23, 2001 among Lone Star, Goldman, Sachs Co.,
 Salomon Smith Barney Inc., Banc of America Securities LLC, RBC Dominion
 Securities Corporation, and The Robinson-Humphrey Company, LLC (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Form S-4 Registration Statement of Lone Star
 as filed on June 27, 2001, File No. 333-63944). 

10.25 

Consulting
 Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2000, among Fintube Technologies,
 Inc., Jerry E. Ryan, and Lone Star (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.42 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001). 

10.26 

Employment
 Agreement dated January 1, 2000 between Fintube Technologies, Inc. and
 Larry Sims (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended March 31, 2001). 

10.27 

Amended
 and Restated Financing Agreement dated October 8, 2001 among The CIT
 Group/Business Credit, Inc. (as Agent and Lender), the Lenders party thereto,
 and Lone Star, Lone Star Steel Company, Fintube Technologies, Inc., Lone Star
 Logistics, Inc., T N Lone Star Warehouse Co., Texas Northern
 Railway Company, Fintube Canada, Inc. and Bellville Tube Corporation (as
 Borrowers), and Environmental Holdings, Inc., Zinklahoma, Inc., Lone Star
 Steel International, Inc., Lone Star Steel Sales Company, Rotac, Inc., and
 Lone Star ST Holdings, Inc. (as Guarantors) (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 2 to Form S-4 of Lone Star as filed on
 October 9, 2001, File No. 333-63944). 

10.28 

First
 Amendment, dated as of December 31, 2001, to Amended and Restated
 Financing Agreement dated October 8, 2001 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.31 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002). 

10.29 

Second
 Amendment, dated March 13, 2002, to Amended and Restated Financing
 Agreement dated October 8, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.32 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002). 

66 

10.30 

Third
 Amendment, dated as of September 30, 2002, to Amended and Restated
 Financing Agreement dated October 8, 2001 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.33 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2002). 

10.31 

Fourth
 Amendment, dated as of September 30, 2002, to Amended and Restated
 Financing Agreement dated October 8, 2001 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.34 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2002). 

10.32 

Fifth
 Amendment, dated as of May 5, 2003, to Amended and Restated Financing
 Agreement dated October 8, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2003). 

10.33 

Sixth
 Amendment, dated as of August 29, 2003, to Amended and Restated
 Financing Agreement dated October 8, 2001. 

10.34 

Seventh
 Amendment, dated as of December 16, 2003, to Amended and Restated
 Financing Agreement dated October 8, 2001. 

14.1 

Code
 of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers adopted by Lone Star s Board of
 Directors on March 20, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1
 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002). 

21 

List
 of Subsidiaries. 

23 

Consent
 of Deloitte Touche LLP. 

24 

Powers
 of Attorney. 

31.1 

Certification
 of Mr. Rhys J. Best pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002. 

31.2 

Certification
 of Mr. Charles J. Keszler pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002. 

32 

Certification
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

(b) 

Reports
 on Form 8-K: 

Date of Report 

Date Filed 

Description 

October 6,
 2003 

October 7,
 2003 

Disclosure
 furnishing Lone Star s press release regarding its preliminary financial
 results for the third quarter of 2003. 
 Notwithstanding its listing here, the information furnished shall not
 be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that
 section, nor incorporated by reference in any filing with the Securities Act
 of 1933, as amended, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in
 such a filing. 

October 15,
 2003 

October 16,
 2003 

Disclosure
 furnishing Lone Star s press release regarding its results of operations for
 the third quarter of 2003. 
 Notwithstanding its listing here, the information furnished shall not
 be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that
 section, nor incorporated by reference in any filing with the Securities Act
 of 1933, as amended, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in
 such a filing. 

December 16,
 2003 

December 22,
 2003 

Amendment
 to senior secured credit facility. 

67 

ITEM
16. SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: March 12, 2004 

By: 

/s/ Charles J. Keszler 

(Charles J. Keszler) 

Vice President and Chief 

Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/
 Rhys J. Best 

, 

Chairman,
 Director, Chief 

March 12, 2004 

(Rhys
 J. Best) 

Executive
 Officer and President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Charles J. Keszler 

, 

Vice
 President and Chief 

March 12, 2004 

(Charles
 J. Keszler) 

Financial
 Officer (Principal Financial 

and
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Frederick B. Hegi, Jr. 

, 

Director 

March 12, 2004 

(Frederick
 B. Hegi, Jr.) 

/s/
 Robert L. Keiser 

, 

Director 

March 12, 2004 

(Robert
 L. Keiser) 

/s/
 Robert Kelley 

, 

Director 

March 12, 2004 

(Robert
 Kelley) 

/s/ M. Joseph McHugh 

, 

Director 

March 12, 2004 

(M.
 Joseph McHugh) 

/s/
 Thomas M. Mercer, Jr. 

, 

Director 

March 12, 2004 

(Thomas
 M. Mercer, Jr.) 

, 

Director 

March 12, 2004 

(Alfred
 M. Micallef) 

/s/
 Jerry E. Ryan 

, 

Director 

March 12, 2004 

(Jerry
 E. Ryan) 

By: 

/s/
 Charles J. Keszler 

(Charles
 J. Keszler, Attorney-in-Fact) 

68 

<EX-10.1G>
 3
 a04-3233_1ex10d1g.htm
 EX-10.1G

Exhibit 10.1(g) 

AMENDMENTS TO THE 
1985 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN OF 
LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. ADOPTED ON MAY 13, 2003 

Section 3 of
the Plan is amended by amending the first sentence of said Section to read as
follows (the new language is in bold type): 
 The aggregate number of shares of stock which may be issued under the
Plan shall not exceed six million seven hundred thousand (6,700,000) 
shares of Common Stock. 

Section 5 of
the Plan is amended by amending the second sentence of said Section to read as
follows (the new language is in bold type): 
 The aggregate number of shares with respect to which Options and stock
appreciation rights can be granted under Sections 5 and 9 of the Plan to any
one individual during any calendar year shall not exceed 300,000 subject to adjustment
pursuant to Section 14 hereof. 

Section 8 of
the Plan is amended by amending the first three sentences of said Section to
read as follows (the new language is in bold type): 

Non-executive
directors shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan beyond the granting
of Options; further, not more than 1,650,000 shares of Common Stock may be
issued under Options awarded to non-executive directors. Only shares of Common Stock issued upon
exercise of Options which, when granted, were granted to individuals who were
at the time non-executive directors shall be deemed issued under Options
awarded to non-executive directors. 
Shares issued to non-executive directors under Options granted when they
were participants shall not count towards the 1,650,000 share limitation
provided in this Section. 

</EX-10.1G>

<EX-10.33>
 4
 a04-3233_1ex10d33.htm
 EX-10.33

EXHIBIT
10.33 

SIXTH AMENDMENT 
TO AMENDED AND RESTATED FINANCING AGREEMENT 

THIS SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED FINANCING
AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made and entered into effective as of
August 29, 2003, by and among THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT, INC. a New York
corporation (hereinafter CITBC ), in its individual capacity and as
Agent (hereinafter the Agent for itself and the Lenders hereafter
named, WELLS FARGO FOOTHILL ,INC., a
California corporation formerly known
as Foothill Capital Corporation FCC ), CONGRESS FINANCIAL
CORPORATION (SOUTHWEST), a Texas corporation CFC ), LASALLE BANK
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association LaSalle ), and
any other party hereafter becoming a Lender pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement
(as hereinafter defined), each individually sometimes referred to as a Lender 
and collectively the Lenders ), LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a
Delaware corporation (herein Parent ), LONE STAR STEEL COMPANY, a
Delaware corporation (herein LSSC ), FINTUBE TECHNOLOGIES, INC., an
Oklahoma corporation (herein FTI ), LONE STAR LOGISTICS, INC., a Texas
corporation Logistics ), STAR TUBULAR SERVICES, INC., a Texas
corporation formerly known as T N Lone Star Warehouse Co. Star Tubular ),
TEXAS NORTHERN RAILWAY COMPANY, a Texas corporation T N Railway ),
FINTUBE CANADA, INC., a Delaware corporation FCI ), BELLVILLE TUBE
COMPANY, L.P., a Texas limited partnership, as successor in interest by
conversion to Bellville Tube Corporation, a Texas corporation BTCLP ),
WHEELING MACHINE PRODUCTS, L.P., a Texas limited partnership, successor in
interest by conversion to Wheeling Machine Products, Inc., formerly known as
Wheeling Acquisition Corporation and Star Tubular Technologies (Houston), Inc. Wheeling ), STAR CAPITAL FUNDING, INC., a Delaware corporation Star
Capital ), DELTA TUBULAR PROCESSING, L.P., a Texas limited partnership,
successor in interest by conversion to Delta Tubular Processing, Inc., formerly
known as Delta Lone Star Acquisition, Inc. Delta Processing ), and
DELTA TUBULAR INTERNATIONAL, L.P., a Texas limited partnership, successor in
interest by conversion Delta Tubular International, Inc., formerly known as
Star Tubular International. Inc., a Texas corporation Delta International (herein Parent, LSSC, FTI, Logistics, Star
Tubular, T N Railway, FCI, BTCLP, Wheeling, Star Capital, Delta Processing
and Delta International each individually a Company and collectively
as the Companies ), ENVIRONMENTAL HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation EHI ), ZINKLAHOMA, INC., a Delaware corporation Zinklahoma ),
LONE STAR STEEL INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation Steel
International ), LONE STAR STEEL SALES COMPANY, a Delaware corporation Steel
Sales ), ROTAC, INC., a Texas corporation Rotac ), LONE STAR ST
HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation ST Holdings ), BELLVILLE TUBE
GENERAL, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company BTG ), LONE STAR
NEVADA HOLDINGS, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, formerly known as
Bellville Tube Limited, LLC Nevada Holdings ), and STAR TUBULAR
TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation STT (herein EHI,
Zinklahoma, Steel International, Steel Sales, Rotac, ST Holdings, BTG, Nevada
Holdings and STT each individually as Guarantor and collectively as
the Guarantors ), WHEELING MACHINE PRODUCTS GENERAL, LLC, a Nevada
limited liability company Wheeling General ), DELTA TUBULAR PROCESSING GENERAL, LLC, a
Nevada limited liability company 

1 

Delta Processing
General ), DELTA TUBULAR INTERNATIONAL GENERAL, LLC, a Nevada limited
liability company Delta International General and STAR TUBULAR
TECHOLOGIES (YOUNGSTOWN), INC., an Ohio corporation STT Ohio (herein
Wheeling General, Delta Processing General, Delta International General and STT
Ohio each individually a New Guarantor and collectively, the New
Guarantors ). 

RECITALS: 

A. WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of that certain Amended and
Restated Financing Agreement dated as of October 8, 2001 between the Agent, the
Companies and the Guarantors (such Amended and Restated Financing Agreement, as
the same is hereby amended and may hereafter be amended from time to time,
being hereinafter referred to as the Agreement ), the Companies were
granted a 100,000,000 revolving line of credit which included a letter of
credit facility; 

B. WHEREAS,
payment of the Obligations of the Companies is supported by the guaranties of
the Guarantors (other than BTG, BTL and STT) pursuant to that certain Guaranty
dated as of October 8, 2001 executed by the Guarantors (other than BTG, BTL and
STT), the guaranties of BTG and BTL pursuant to that certain Guaranty dated as
of December 31, 2001 executed by BTG and BTL, and the guarantee of STT pursuant
to that certain Guaranty dated as of September 30, 2002 executed by STT
(collectively, the Guaranties 

C. WHEREAS,
to secure, in part, the Obligations (as defined in the Agreement), (i) the
Companies and the Guarantors have heretofore executed in favor of the Agent
certain Loan Documents (as defined in the Agreement), including, without
limitation, the Guaranties, which Loan Documents shall continue in full force
and effect upon the execution of this Amendment, all of the Loan Documents to
continue to secure the payment by the Companies of the Obligations, all as more
fully set forth therein and herein; 

D. WHEREAS,
the Companies have requested and, pursuant to the terms and subject to the
conditions hereof and in connection herewith, the Agent and the Lenders have
agreed to add each of the New Guarantors as a Guarantor and Obligor under the
Loan Agreement; 

E. WHEREAS,
in furtherance of the foregoing and to evidence the agreements of the parties
hereto in relation thereto the parties hereto desire to amend the Agreement as
hereinafter provided; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be
legally bound, agree as follows: 

2 

AGREEMENT: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

1.01 Capitalized terms used in this
Amendment are defined in the Agreement, as amended hereby, unless otherwise stated. 

ARTICLE II 

AMENDMENTS TO AGREEMENT 

Effective as of the
respective date herein indicated, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

2.01 Amendment
and Replacement of Wheeling Machine
Products, Inc . Effective
as of the date of execution of this Amendment, the reference to Wheeling
Machine Products, Inc, a Texas corporation formerly known as Wheeling
Acquisition Corporation and Star Tubular Technologies (Houston), Inc. Wheeling in the preamble to the
Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with Wheeling Machine Products, L.P.,
a Texas limited partnership, successor in interest by conversion to Wheeling
Machine Products, Inc., formerly known as Wheeling Acquisition Corporation and
Star Tubular Technologies (Houston), Inc. Wheeling . 

2.02 Amendment
and Replacement of Delta Lone Star
Acquisition, Inc. and the Definition Delta . Effective as of the date of execution of
this Amendment, (i) the reference to Delta Lone Star Acquisition, Inc, a Texas
corporation Delta in the preamble to the Agreement is hereby
deleted and replaced with Delta Tubular Processing, L.P., a Texas limited
partnership, successor in interest by conversion to Delta Tubular Processing,
Inc., formerly known as Delta Lone Star Acquisition, Inc. Delta Processing , and (ii) all
references to the term Delta in the Agreement shall be deleted and replaced
with the term Delta Processing . 

2.03 Amendment
and Replacement of Star Tubular
International, Inc. and the Definition Star International . Effective as of the date of execution of
this Amendment, (i) the reference to Star Tubular International, Inc., a Texas
corporation Star International in the preamble to the Agreement is
hereby deleted and replaced with Delta Tubular International, L.P., a Texas
limited partnership, successor in interest by conversion to Delta Tubular
International, Inc., formerly known as Star Tubular International. Inc,. a
Texas corporation Delta International ,
and (ii) all references to the term Star International in the Agreement shall
be deleted and replaced with the term Delta International . 

2.04 Amendment
and Replacement of Lone Star Nevada
Holdings, LLC . Effective
as of the date of execution of this Amendment, (i) the reference to Bellville
Tube Limited, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company BTL in the preamble to the
Agreement is hereby deleted and 

3 

replaced with
 Lone Star Nevada Holdings, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, formerly
known as Bellville Tube Limited, LLC Nevada
Holdings , and (ii) all references to the terms Bellville Tube
Limited, LLC or BTL in the Agreement and in the other Loan Documents shall be
deleted and replaced with the terms Lone Star Nevada Holdings, LLC and Nevada
Holdings, respectively. 

2.05 Amendment
of Definition of Guarantor and Guarantors . Effective as of the date of execution of this Amendment, the
references to Guarantor and Guarantors in the preamble to the Agreement
shall be amended to include Nevada Holdings, Wheeling General, Delta Processing
General, Delta International General and STT Ohio. 

2.06 Amendment of Schedules . 
Effective as of the date hereof, Schedules 1, 7(1), 7(14)(f),
7(14)(g), 7(14)(l), 7(14)(o) and 7(14)(p) of the Agreement are amended to add
to such Schedules the information requested thereon with respect to each of the
New Guarantors, such additions to such Schedules being described on Exhibit A 
attached hereto. 

ARTICLE III 

ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS AND
GRANT OF LIENS 

3.01 Assumption
of Obligations . Effective
August 29, 2003, (a) Wheeling converted from a Texas corporation to a Texas
limited partnership and changed its name to Wheeling Machine Products, L.P.,
(b) Delta Processing converted from a Texas corporation to a Texas limited
partnership and changed its name to Delta Tubular Processing, L.P., and (c)
Delta International converted from a Texas corporation to a Texas limited
partnership and changed its name to Delta Tubular International, L.P
(collectively, the Conversions ). 
Wheeling, Delta Processing and Delta International hereby acknowledge
and agree that as a result of the Conversions, by operation of law, Wheeling is
liable for all Obligations of Wheeling Machine Products, Inc., Delta Processing
is liable for all Obligations of Delta Tubular Processing, Inc., and Delta
International is liable for all Obligations of Delta Tubular International,
Inc. Wheeling, Delta Processing and
Delta International hereby assume, as of August 29, 2003, all Obligations of
Wheeling Machine Products, Inc., Delta
Tubular Processing, Inc. and Delta Tubular International, Inc., respectively,
and all Obligations incurred thereafter (including, without limitation, the
indebtedness and obligations under the Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

3.02 Ratification
and Grant of Lien . Wheeling, Delta Processing and Delta International
hereby acknowledge and agree that as a result of the Conversions, by operation
of law, (a) Wheeling became the owner of all the assets of Wheeling Machine
Products, Inc., (b) Delta Processing became the owner of all the assets of
Delta Tubular Processing, Inc., and (c) 
Delta International became the owner of all the assets of Delta Tubular
International, Inc., each as of August 29, 2003. Wheeling, Delta Processing and
Delta International also acknowledge and agree that such assets were previously
pledged as Collateral under the Agreement and that after the Conversions, by
operation of law, such assets remained Collateral under the Agreement and
subject to the lien granted thereunder to Agent on behalf of the Lenders.
Wheeling, Delta Processing and Delta International each hereby grants to Agent
for the benefit of the Lenders a security interest in all 

4 

Collateral now or
hereafter owned by each such Company pursuant to the terms and provisions of
Section 6 of the Agreement and each acknowledges and agrees that the security
interest granted hereunder in any assets previously owned by their respective
predecessors in interest by conversion is a renewal and continuation of the
security interest in such assets previously granted under the Agreement. 

3.03 Assumption
of Obligations and Duties Under the Agreement . Wheeling, Delta
Processing and Delta International each hereby (a) reaffirms all
representations and warranties made by their respective predecessors in
interest by conversion under the Agreement and the other Loan Documents to
which each was a party, (b) assumes all covenants, obligations and duties of
their respective predecessors in interest by conversion under the Agreement and
the other Loan Documents to which each was a party, and (c) agrees to be bound
by the terms and provisions of the Agreement as a Company and Obligor
thereunder and to be bound by the terms and provisions of the other Loan
Documents to which their respective predecessors in interest by conversion was
a party to the same extent and with the same force and effect as if Wheeling,
Delta Processing and Delta International had been named in each of the Loan
Documents. 

3.04 Assumption
of Obligations and Grant of Lien by BTG and BTL . Effective as of the date of this Amendment,
the New Guarantors each agrees (i) to be a Guarantor and Obligor under the
Agreement and under that certain Subordination Agreement dated
October 8, 2001 executed by the Companies and the Guarantors for the
benefit of Agent and the other Lenders (the Subordination Agreement ),
(ii) to be bound by the terms and provisions of the Agreement as a Guarantor
and Obligor thereunder and to be bound by the terms of the Subordination
Agreement as a Guarantor and Obligor thereunder to the same extent and with the
same force and effect as if the new Obligors had been originally named as a
party in each of such documents, (iii) to assume all covenants, agreements and
duties as a Guarantor and Obligor under the Agreement and as a Guarantor and
Obligor under the Subordination Agreement. The New Guarantors also hereby grant
to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a security interest in all Collateral
now or hereafter owned by the New Guarantors pursuant to the terms of Section 6
of the Agreement. The New Guarantors
also agree to execute and deliver to CIT concurrently with the execution
hereof, a guaranty agreement (in form and substance satisfactory to Agent)
guaranteeing the prompt payment and performance of all of the Companies 
Obligations. 

ARTICLE IV 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

4.01 Conditions to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment is
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent in a manner
satisfactory to Agent, unless specifically waived in writing by Agent: 

(a) Agent
shall have received each of the following, each in form and substance
satisfactory to Agent, in its sole discretion, and, where applicable, each duly
executed by each party thereto, other than Agent: 

5 

(i) This
Amendment, duly executed by Companies, the Guarantors and the New Guarantors; 

(ii) Certified
copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors or Executive Committee of
each of the Companies, the Guarantors and the New Guarantors, authorizing the
execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and any and all other
Loan Documents executed by any of the Companies, the Guarantors or the New
Guarantors in connection therewith, along with a certificate of incumbency
certified by the secretary of each of the New Guarantors, and, if there has
been any change from the most recent incumbency certificates delivered by any
of the Companies or the Guarantors a certificate of incumbency certified by the
secretary of each of the Companies and each of the Guarantors, with specimen
signatures of the officers of the Companies, the Guarantors and the New
Guarantors who are authorized to sign such documents, all in form and substance
satisfactory to the Agent; 

(iii) Pledge
Amendment duly signed by the Parent pledging all of its ownership interest in
the New Guarantors; 

(iv) Pledge
Agreements duly signed the New Guarantors pledging all of their respective
general partnership interest in Wheeling, Delta Processing and Delta
International; 

(v) Pledge
Amendment duly singed by Nevada Holdings pledging all of its limited
partnership interests in Wheeling, Delta Processing and Delta International; 

(vi) Pledge
Agreement duly signed by STT pledging all of its ownership interest in STT
Ohio, together with stock powers duly signed in blank and the original stock
certificate evidencing STT s ownership in the STT Ohio; 

(vii) A
Guaranty duly signed by the New Guarantors; 

(viii) Opinion
from Fulbright Jaworski L.L.P. opining, in form and substance
satisfactory to Agent, which shall cover such matters incident to the
transactions contemplated by this Amendment as Agent may reasonably require and
the Companies, the Guarantors and the New Companies hereby authorize and direct
such counsel to deliver such opinions to Agent; 

(ix) Evidence
satisfactory to the Agent that casualty insurance policies of all Companies (as
changed in connection with the Conversions) and Guarantors listing Agent as
loss payee or additional insured, as the case may be, have been amended to
cover the New Guarantors as well as 

6 

all Companies and
all Guarantors, and are in full force and effect, in form and substance
satisfactory to Agent; and 

(x) All
other documents Agent may request with respect to any matter relevant to this
Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) The
representations and warranties contained herein and in the Agreement and the
other documents executed in connection with the Agreement (herein referred to
as Loan Documents ), as each is amended hereby, shall be true and
correct as of the date hereof, as if made on the date hereof, except for such
representations and warranties as are by their express terms limited to a
specific date. 

(c) No
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, unless such
Default or Event of Default has been otherwise specifically waived in writing
by Agent. 

(d) All
corporate proceedings taken in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Amendment and all documents, instruments and other legal matters incident
thereto shall be satisfactory to Agent. 

ARTICLE V 
NO WAIVER 

ARTICLE V 
 Limited Waiver 

5.01 Limited
Waiver . Pursuant to the request
of the Obligors, the Agent and the Lenders hereby waive the thirty (30) days
prior written notice provision for the Conversions required under Paragraph 7.09(e) 
of Section 7 of the Agreement, such waiver being subject to the
satisfaction of the conditions precedent in Article IV of this Amendment and to
the other terms, conditions and provisions of this Amendment. There are no other waivers granted by the
Agent and the Lenders relating to the Agreement except the waiver specifically
set forth in this Section 5.01 and the above waiver is effective only in
the specific instances and for the purposes for which given. 

5.02 No Other
Waivers . Except as
otherwise specifically provided for in this Amendment, nothing contained herein
shall be construed as a waiver by Agent of any covenant or provision of the
Agreement, the other Loan Documents, this Amendment or any other contract or
instrument between the Obligors and Agent, and the failure of Agent at any time
or times hereafter to require strict performance by the Obligors of any
provision thereof shall not waive, affect or diminish any right of Agent to
thereafter demand strict compliance therewith. Agent hereby reserves all rights
granted under the Agreement, the other Loan Documents, this Amendment, and any
other contract or instrument between the Obligors and Agent. 

7 

ARTICLE VI 
RATIFICATIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

6.01 Ratifications . The terms and provisions set forth in this
Amendment shall modify and supersede all inconsistent terms and provisions set
forth in the Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and, except as expressly
modified and superseded by this Amendment, the terms and provisions of the
Agreement and the other Loan Documents are ratified and confirmed and shall
continue in full force and effect. The
Companies, the Guarantors and Agent agree that the Agreement and the other Loan
Documents, as amended hereby, shall continue to be legal, valid, binding and
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms. 

6.02 Representations
and Warranties . The Companies and the Guarantors hereby represent and
warrant to Agent that (a) the execution, delivery and performance of this
Amendment and any and all other Loan Documents executed and/or delivered in
connection herewith have been authorized by all requisite corporate or limited
partnership or limited liability company action (as applicable) on the part of
the Companies and the Guarantors and will not violate the Articles (or
Certificates) of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Companies and the Guarantors
that are corporations or the limited partnership agreements or certificates of
limited partnership of the Companies and the Guarantors that are limited
partnerships or the articles of formation/organization, regulations or limited
liability company agreements of the Companies that are limited liability
companies; (b) each of the Company s and Guarantor s Board of Directors or Executive
Committee (or the general partner of the applicable limited partnership) or the
members or the Board of Managers of the applicable limited liability company
has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and
any and all other Loan Documents executed and/or delivered in connection
herewith; (c) the representations and warranties contained in the Agreement, as
amended hereby, and any other Loan Document are true and correct on and as of
the date hereof and on and as of the date of execution hereof as though made on
and as of each such date; (d) no Default or Event of Default under the
Agreement, as amended hereby, has occurred and is continuing, unless such
Default or Event of Default has been specifically waived in writing by Agent;
(e) the Companies and the Guarantors are in full compliance with all covenants
and agreements contained in the Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as
amended hereby; and (f) the Companies and the Guarantors have not amended their
Articles (or Certificates) of Incorporation or their Bylaws or similar
organizational documents since the date of the Agreement, except as otherwise
disclosed to Agent. 

ARTICLE VII 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

7.01 Survival
of Representations and Warranties . 
All representations and warranties made in the Agreement or any other
Loan Document, including, without limitation, any document furnished in
connection with this Amendment, shall survive the execution and delivery of
this Amendment and the other Loan Documents, and no investigation by Agent or
any closing shall affect the representations and warranties or the right of
Agent to rely upon them. 

8 

7.02 Reference
to Agreement . Each of the
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any and all other Loan Documents,
documents or instruments now or hereafter executed and delivered pursuant to
the terms hereof or pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, as amended hereby,
are hereby amended so that any reference in the Agreement and such other Loan
Documents to the Agreement shall mean a reference to the Agreement, as amended
hereby. 

7.03 Expenses
of Agent . As provided in the
Agreement, Companies agree to pay on demand all costs and expenses incurred by
Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this
Amendment and the other Loan Documents executed pursuant hereto and any and all
amendments, modifications, and supplements thereto, including, without
limitation, the costs and fees of Agent s legal counsel, and all costs and
expenses incurred by Agent in connection with the enforcement or preservation
of any rights under the Agreement, as amended hereby, or any other Loan
Documents, including, without, limitation, the costs and fees of Agent s legal counsel. 

7.04 Severability . Any provision of this Amendment held by a
court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable shall not impair
or invalidate the remainder of this Amendment and the effect thereof shall be
confined to the provision so held to be invalid or unenforceable. 

7.05 Successors
and Assigns . This Amendment is
binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Agent and Companies and their
respective successors and assigns, except that Companies may not assign or
transfer any of their rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of Agent. 

7.06 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an
original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the
same instrument. 

7.07 Effect
of Waiver . No consent or
waiver, express or implied, by Agent to or for any breach of or deviation from
any covenant or condition by Companies shall be deemed a consent to or waiver
of any other breach of the same or any other covenant, condition or duty. 

7.08 Headings . The headings, captions, and arrangements
used in this Amendment are for convenience only and shall not affect the
interpretation of this Amendment. 

7.09 Applicable
Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND ALL
OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS EXECUTED PURSUANT HERETO SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE BEEN MADE
AND TO BE PERFORMABLE IN AND SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

7.10 Final
Agreement . THE AGREEMENT AND
THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, EACH AS AMENDED HEREBY, REPRESENT THE ENTIRE
EXPRESSION OF THE PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF ON THE DATE
THIS AMENDMENT IS EXECUTED. THE
AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN 

9 

DOCUMENTS, AS
AMENDED HEREBY, MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS
OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. 
THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. NO MODIFICATION, RESCISSION, WAIVER, RELEASE
OR AMENDMENT OF ANY PROVISION OF THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE MADE, EXCEPT BY A
WRITTEN AGREEMENT SIGNED BY COMPANIES AND AGENT. 

7.11 Release
by the Companies . THE COMPANIES HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE NO
DEFENSE, COUNTERCLAIM, OFFSET, CROSS-COMPLAINT, CLAIM OR DEMAND OF ANY KIND OR
NATURE WHATSOEVER THAT CAN BE ASSERTED TO REDUCE OR ELIMINATE ALL OR ANY PART
OF ITS LIABILITY TO REPAY THE OBLIGATIONS OR TO SEEK AFFIRMATIVE RELIEF OR
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE FROM AGENT. 
THE COMPANIES HEREBY VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY RELEASE AND FOREVER
DISCHARGE AGENT, THE OTHER LENDERS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE PREDECESSORS, AGENTS,
EMPLOYEES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS (COLLECTIVELY, THE RELEASED PARTIES ), FROM
ALL POSSIBLE CLAIMS, DEMANDS, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION, DAMAGES, COSTS,
EXPENSES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ANTICIPATED OR
UNANTICIPATED, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, FIXED, CONTINGENT, OR CONDITIONAL, AT
LAW OR IN EQUITY, ORIGINATING IN WHOLE OR IN PART ON OR BEFORE THE DATE THIS
AMENDMENT IS EXECUTED, WHICH THE COMPANIES MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AGAINST
THE RELEASED PARTIES, IF ANY, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER ANY SUCH CLAIMS ARISE
OUT OF CONTRACT, TORT, VIOLATION OF LAW OR REGULATIONS, OR OTHERWISE, AND
ARISING FROM ANY LOANS , INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CONTRACTING FOR,
CHARGING, TAKING, RESERVING, COLLECTING OR RECEIVING INTEREST IN EXCESS OF THE
HIGHEST LAWFUL RATE APPLICABLE, THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UNDER
THE AGREEMENT OR OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND NEGOTIATION FOR AND EXECUTION OF
THIS AMENDMENT. 

7.12 Release
by the Guarantors . Each
Guarantor hereby consents to the terms of this Amendment, confirms and ratifies
the terms of the Guaranty executed by such Guarantor, acknowledges that such
Guaranty is in full force and effect and ratifies the same, and acknowledges
that such Guarantor has no defense, counterclaim, set-off or any other claim to
diminish such Guarantor s liability under such document. THE GUARANTORS EACH
HEREBY VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY RELEASES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES THE RELEASED
PARTIES, FROM ALL POSSIBLE CLAIMS, DEMANDS, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION, DAMAGES,
COSTS, EXPENSES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ANTICIPATED OR
UNANTICIPATED, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, FIXED, CONTINGENT, OR CONDITIONAL, AT
LAW OR IN EQUITY, ORIGINATING IN WHOLE OR IN PART ON OR BEFORE THE DATE THIS
AMENDMENT IS EXECUTED, WHICH THE GUARANTORS MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AGAINST
THE RELEASED PARTIES, IF ANY, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER ANY SUCH CLAIMS ARISE
OUT OF CONTRACT, TORT, VIOLATION OF 

10 

LAW OR
REGULATIONS, OR OTHERWISE, AND ARISING FROM ANY LOANS , INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY CONTRACTING FOR, CHARGING, TAKING, RESERVING, COLLECTING OR RECEIVING
INTEREST IN EXCESS OF THE HIGHEST LAWFUL RATE APPLICABLE, THE EXERCISE OF ANY
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UNDER THE LOAN AGREEMENT OR OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS, AND
NEGOTIATION FOR AND EXECUTION OF THIS AMENDMENT. 

[The
Remainder of this Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

11 

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, this Amendment has been executed and is effective as of the date first
above-written. 

COMPANIES : 

LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
FINTUBE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
LONE STAR STEEL COMPANY 
LONE STAR LOGISTICS, INC. 
STAR TUBULAR SERVICES, INC., 
 formerly known as
T N LONE STAR WAREHOUSE CO. 
TEXAS NORTHERN RAILWAY COMPANY 
FINTUBE CANADA, INC. STAR CAPITAL FUNDING, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President of each of the 
 foregoing companies 

BELLVILLE TUBE COMPANY, L.P. 
as successor in interest by conversion to 
Bellville Tube Corporation 

By: 

Bellville Tube General, LLC, 
 its general partner 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President 

WHEELING MACHINE PRODUCTS, L.P., 
as successor in interest by conversion to Wheeling Machine Products, Inc., 
formerly known as Wheeling Acquisition Corporation and Star Tubular
Technologies 
(Houston), Inc. 

By: 

Wheeling Machine Products General, LLC, 
 its general partner 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President 

DELTA
TUBULAR PROCESSING, L.P. 
as successor in interest by conversion to 
Delta Tubular Processing, Inc., formerly known as Lone Star Acquisition, Inc. 

By: 

Delta Tubular Processing General, LLC, 
 its general partner 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President 

DELTA
TUBULAR INTERNATIONAL, L.P. 
as successor in interest by conversion to 
Delta Tubular International, Inc., formerly known as Star Tubular
International. Inc, 

By: 

Delta Tubular International General, LLC, 
 its general partner 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President 

GUARANTORS : 

ENVIRONMENTAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
ZINKLAHOMA, INC. 
LONE STAR STEEL INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
LONE STAR STEEL SALES COMPANY 
ROTAC, INC. 
LONE STAR ST HOLDINGS, INC. 
STAR TUBULAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President of each of the 
 foregoing companies 

BELLVILLE TUBE GENERAL, LLC LONE STAR NEVADA HOLDINGS, LLC, formerly known as Belleville Tube Limited, LLC 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President of each of the 
 foregoing limited liability companies 

NEW
GUARANTORS : 

WHEELING MACHINE PRODUCTS GENERAL,
LLC DELTA TUBULAR PROCESSING GENERAL, LLC 
DELTA TUBULAR INTERNATIONAL GENERAL, LLC 
 STAR
TUBULAR TECHNOLOGIES (YOUNGSTOWN), INC. 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President of each of the 

foregoing companies 

LENDERS : 

THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT, INC. 
as Agent and Lender 

By: 

/s/ Mark Porter 

Name: 

Mark Porter 

Title: 

Vice President 

Revolving Loan Commitment: 40,000,000.00 

WELLS
FARGO FOOTHILL ,INC., formerly
known as Foothill Capital Corporation as Lender 

By: 

/s/ Lan Wong 

Name: 

Lan Wong 

Title: 

Assistant Vice
 President 

Revolving Loan Commitment: 25,000,000.00 

LASALLE
NATIONAL BANK 
 as Lender 

By: 

/s/ June
 Courtney 

Name: 

June Courtney 

Title: 

Senior Vice
 President 

Revolving Loan Commitment: 10,000,000.00 

CONGRESS
FINANCIAL CORPORATION (SOUTHWEST) 
 as Lender 

By: 

/s/ Joe T. Curdy 

Name: 

Joe T. Curdy 

Title: 

Vice President 

Revolving Loan Commitment: 25,000,000.00 

EXHIBIT
A 
 to 
 SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED FINANCING
AGREEMENT 

Addition
to Schedule 1 

Debtor 

Secured 
 Party 

Financing 
 Statement # 

Date of 
 Filing 

Collateral 

None 

Addition
to Schedule 7(l) 

Exact Name of Obligors: 

Name of Entity 

State of Incorporation 

Wheeling Machine
 Products 
 General, LLC 

Nevada 

Delta Tubular
 Processing General, 
 LLC 

Nevada 

Delta Tubular
 International 
 General, LLC 

Nevada 

Federal Tax I.D. No.: 

Name of Entity 

Federal Tax I.D. No. 

Wheeling Machine
 Products 
 General, LLC 

Applied For 

Delta Tubular
 Processing General, 
 LLC 

Applied For 

Delta Tubular
 International 
 General, LLC 

Applied For 

Chief Executive Office(s): 

Wheeling Machine Products General, LLC 

 15660 Dallas Parkway, Suite 500 

 Dallas, Texas 75248 

Delta Tubular Processing General, LLC 

 15660 Dallas Parkway, Suite 500 

 Dallas, Texas 75248 

Delta Tubular International General, LLC 

 15660 Dallas Parkway, Suite 500 

 Dallas, Texas 75248 

Tradenames: 

None 

Prior Names: 

Name of Entity 

Prior Name 

Wheeling Machine
 Products 
 General, LLC 

None 

Delta Tubular
 Processing General, 
 LLC 

None 

Delta Tubular
 International 
 General, LLC 

None 

Charter No.: 

Name of Entity 

Charter No. 

Wheeling Machine
 Products 
 General, LLC 

LLC12883-2003
 (Filing 
 Number) 

Delta Tubular
 Processing General, 
 LLC 

LLC12843-2003
 (Filing 
 Number) 

Delta Tubular
 International 
 General, LLC 

LLC12884-2003
 (Filing 
 Number) 

Addition
to Schedule 7(14)(f) 

Locations of Owned Real Property: 

None 

Locations of Leased Real Property: 

15660 North Dallas Parkway, Suite 500 

 Dallas, Texas 75248 

Additions
to Schedule 7(14)(g) 

None 

Additions
to Schedule 7(14)(l) 

None 

Additions
to Schedule 7(14)(o) 

Subsidiaries of Lone Star Technologies, Inc.: 

Bellville Tube General LLC 

 Environmental Holdings, Inc. 

 Lone Star Steel Company 

 Lone Star ST Holdings, Inc. 

 Star Tubular Technologies, Inc. 

 Star Capital Funding, Inc. 

 Star Tubular Technologies, Inc. 

 Wheeling Machine Products General, LLC 

 Delta Tubular Processing General, LLC 

 Delta Tubular International General, LLC 

Additions
to Schedule 7(14)(p) 

None 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 5
 a04-3233_1ex10d34.htm
 EX-10.34

Exhibit
10.34 

SEVENTH AMENDMENT 
TO AMENDED AND RESTATED FINANCING AGREEMENT 

THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED
FINANCING AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made and entered into
effective as of December 16, 2003, by and among THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT,
INC. a New York corporation (hereinafter CITBC ), in its individual
capacity and as Agent (hereinafter the Agent for itself and the
Lenders hereafter named, WELLS FARGO
FOOTHILL, INC., a California corporation formerly known as Foothill Capital
Corporation FCC ), CONGRESS FINANCIAL CORPORATION (SOUTHWEST),
a Texas corporation CFC ), LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a
national banking association LaSalle ), and any other party hereafter
becoming a Lender pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (as hereinafter
defined), each individually sometimes referred to as a Lender and
collectively the Lenders ), LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware
corporation (herein Parent ), LONE STAR STEEL COMPANY, a Delaware
corporation (herein LSSC ), FINTUBE TECHNOLOGIES, INC., an Oklahoma
corporation (herein FTI ), LONE STAR LOGISTICS, INC., a Texas
corporation Logistics ), STAR TUBULAR SERVICES, INC., a Texas
corporation formerly known as T N Lone Star Warehouse Co. Star Tubular ),
TEXAS NORTHERN RAILWAY COMPANY, a Texas corporation T N Railway ),
FINTUBE CANADA, INC., a Delaware corporation FCI ), BELLVILLE TUBE
COMPANY, L.P., a Texas limited partnership, as successor in interest by
conversion to Bellville Tube Corporation, a Texas corporation BTCLP ),
WHEELING MACHINE PRODUCTS, L.P., a Texas limited partnership, successor in
interest by conversion to Wheeling Machine Products, Inc., formerly known as
Wheeling Acquisition Corporation and Star Tubular Technologies (Houston), Inc. Wheeling ), STAR CAPITAL FUNDING, INC., a Delaware corporation Star
Capital ), DELTA TUBULAR PROCESSING, L.P., a Texas limited partnership,
successor in interest by conversion to Delta Tubular Processing, Inc., formerly
known as Delta Lone Star Acquisition, Inc. Delta Processing ), and
DELTA TUBULAR INTERNATIONAL, L.P., a Texas limited partnership, successor in
interest by conversion to Delta Tubular International, Inc., formerly known as
Star Tubular International. Inc., a Texas corporation Delta International (herein Parent, LSSC, FTI, Logistics, Star
Tubular, T N Railway, FCI, BTCLP, Wheeling, Star Capital, Delta Processing
and Delta International each individually a Company and collectively
as the Companies ), ENVIRONMENTAL HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware
corporation EHI ), ZINKLAHOMA, INC., a Delaware corporation Zinklahoma ),
LONE STAR STEEL INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation Steel
International ), LONE STAR STEEL SALES COMPANY, a Delaware corporation Steel
Sales ), ROTAC, INC., a Texas corporation Rotac ), LONE STAR ST
HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation ST Holdings ), BELLVILLE TUBE
GENERAL, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company BTG ), LONE STAR
NEVADA HOLDINGS, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, formerly known as
Bellville Tube Limited, LLC Nevada Holdings ), STAR TUBULAR
TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation STT ), WHEELING MACHINE
PRODUCTS GENERAL, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Wheeling General ),
DELTA TUBULAR PROCESSING GENERAL, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Delta
Processing General ), DELTA TUBULAR INTERNATIONAL GENERAL, LLC, a Nevada
limited liability company Delta International General and STAR
TUBULAR 

1 

TECHOLOGIES (YOUNGSTOWN),
INC., an Ohio corporation STT Ohio (herein EHI, Zinklahoma, Steel
International, Steel Sales, Rotac, ST Holdings, BTG, Nevada Holdings, STT,
Wheeling General, Delta Processing General, Delta International General and STT
Ohio, each individually as Guarantor and collectively as the Guarantors ),
and STAR ENERGY GROUP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SEG 
or the New Guarantor ). 

RECITALS: 

A. WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of that certain Amended and
Restated Financing Agreement dated as of October 8, 2001 between the Agent, the
Companies and the Guarantors (such Amended and Restated Financing Agreement, as
the same is hereby amended and may hereafter be amended from time to time,
being hereinafter referred to as the Agreement ), the Companies were
granted a 100,000,000 revolving line of credit which included a letter of
credit facility; 

B. WHEREAS,
payment of the Obligations of the Companies is supported by (a) the guaranties
of the Guarantors (other than BTG, BTL, STT, Wheeling General, Delta Processing
General, Delta International General and STT Ohio) pursuant to that certain
Guaranty dated as of October 8, 2001 executed by the Guarantors (other than
BTG, BTL, STT, Wheeling General, Delta Processing General, Delta International
General and STT Ohio), (b) the guaranties of BTG and BTL pursuant to that
certain Guaranty dated as of December 31, 2001 executed by BTG and BTL, (c) the
guarantee of STT pursuant to that certain Guaranty dated as of September 30,
2002 executed by STT, and (d) the guarantee of Wheeling General, Delta
Processing General, Delta International General and STT Ohio pursuant to that
certain Guaranty dated August 29, 2003 
(collectively, the Guaranties 

C. WHEREAS,
to secure, in part, the Obligations (as defined in the Agreement), the
Companies and the Guarantors have heretofore executed in favor of the Agent
certain Loan Documents (as defined in the Agreement), including, without
limitation, the Guaranties, which Loan Documents shall continue in full force
and effect upon the execution of this Amendment, all of the Loan Documents to
continue to secure the payment by the Companies of the Obligations, all as more
fully set forth therein and herein; 

D. WHEREAS,
the Companies have requested and, pursuant to the terms and subject to the
conditions hereof and in connection herewith, the Agent and the Lenders have
agreed to increase the Revolving Line of Credit (as defined in the Agreement)
to 125,000,000 and add SEG as a Guarantor and Obligor under the Loan
Agreement; 

E. WHEREAS,
in furtherance of the foregoing and to evidence the agreements of the parties
hereto in relation thereto the parties hereto desire to amend the Agreement as
hereinafter provided; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be
legally bound, agree as follows: 

2 

AGREEMENT: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

1.01 Capitalized terms used in this
Amendment are defined in the Agreement, as amended hereby, unless otherwise
stated. 

ARTICLE II 

AMENDMENTS TO AGREEMENT 

Effective as of the
respective date herein indicated, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

2.01 Amendment
and Restatement of Definition of Acquisition . Effective as of the date of execution of this Amendment, the
definition of Acquisition set forth in Section 1 of the Agreement is amended
and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 

Acquisition shall mean
the purchase or other acquisition (including merger or consolidation) of any or
all of the following: (a) more
than 50 of the Capital Stock of any Person; and (b) all or a part of the assets
of, or all or any part of a division of, any Person. 

2.02 Amendment and Restatement of Definition of
 Anniversary Date . Effective as of the date of execution of
this Amendment, the definition of Anniversary Date set forth in Section 1 of
the Agreement is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 

Anniversary Date 
shall mean December 16, 2006 and the same date in every year thereafter. 

2.03 Amendment
and Restatement of Definition of Early Termination Fee . Effective as of the date of execution of
this Amendment, the definition of Early Termination Fee set forth in Section
1 of the Agreement is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 

Early Termination Fee shall:
(a) mean the fee the Agent on
behalf of the Lenders is entitled to charge the Companies in the event the
Parent terminates the Revolving Line of Credit or this Financing Agreement on a
date prior to an Anniversary Date (the period from the Early Termination Date
to the Anniversary Date being herein called the Early Termination Period 
and (b) be determined by
multiplying the Revolving Line of Credit by (x) two percent (2 per annum for
the portion, if any, of the Early Termination 

3 

Period occurring on or before one (1) year from the
Seventh Amendment Closing Date, (y) one percent (1 per annum for the portion,
if any, of the Early Termination Period occurring after one (1) year from the
Seventh Amendment Closing Date but on or before two (2) years from the Seventh
Amendment Closing Date; and (z) one-half of one percent (1/2 per annum for
the portion, if any, of the Early Termination Period occurring after two (2)
years from the Seventh Amendment Closing Date but prior to an Anniversary Date,
in each case for partial years, prorated on the basis of the number of days
from the Early Termination Date to the end of such partial year. 

2.04 Amendment
of Definition of Guarantor and Guarantors . Effective as of the date of execution of this Amendment, the
references to Guarantor and Guarantors in the preamble to the Agreement and
throughout the Agreement shall be amended to include SEG (in addition to the
existing Guarantors). 

2.05 Amendment
and Restatement of Definition of Permitted Merger . Effective as of the date of execution of
this Amendment, the definition of Permitted Merger set forth in Section 1 of
the Agreement is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 

Permitted
Merger shall mean (a) the merger or consolidation of
any Guarantor with or into any other Guarantor, (b) the merger or
consolidation of any Guarantor with or into any Company as long as such Company
is the surviving Person, (c) the merger or consolidation of a Company into
another Company, (d) conversion of an Obligor into a different type of entity,
and (e) a merger or consolidation which is a Permitted Acquisition. 

2.06 Amendment
and Restatement of Definition of Revolving Line of Credit . Effective as of the date of execution of
this Amendment, the definition of Revolving Line of Credit set forth in
Section 1 of the Agreement is amended and restated to read in its entirety as
follows: 

Revolving Line of Credit shall mean the
aggregate commitment of the Lenders to make loans and advances pursuant to Section
3 of this Financing Agreement and issue Letters of Credit Guaranties pursuant
to Section 5 hereof to the Companies, in the aggregate amount of 125,000,000. 

2.07 New
Definition . Effective as of the date of this Amendment,
Section 1 of the Agreement is amended by adding the following new definition
thereto, to be inserted in appropriate alphabetical order: 

Seventh Amendment Closing Date shall mean December 16, 2003. 

4 

2.08 Amendment of Subparagraph 7.5(a) . Effective as of the date hereof, the first sentence of clause
(a) of Paragraph 7.5 of Section 7 of the Agreement is hereby amended
in its entirety to read as follows: 

Each of the Obligors agrees to maintain insurance on
its Real Estate (other than undeveloped acreage), Equipment and Inventory under
such policies of insurance, with such insurance companies, in such reasonable
amounts and covering such insurable risks as are at all times reasonably
satisfactory to the Agent, Agent agreeing that flood insurance is not required
on any of the Real Estate owned by the Obligors as of the Seventh Amendment
Closing Date. 

2.09 Amendment of Paragraph 7.8 . 
 Effective as of the date hereof, clause (b) of Paragraph 7.8 of
Section 7 of the Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read as
follows: 

(b) within forty five (45) days after the end of each
Fiscal Quarter a Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidating Balance Sheet as
at the end of such period and statements of profit and loss, cash flow and shareholders 
equity of the Companies and their consolidated subsidiaries, certified by an
authorized financial or accounting officer of the Companies; provided , however ,
during any time when there are Revolving Loans outstanding, the financial
statements required by this clause (b) shall be prepared as of the end of each
calendar month and delivered within thirty (30) days after the end of each such
calendar month; 

2.10 Amendment of Subparagraph 7.9(f) . Effective as of the date hereof, Subparagraph 7.9(f) of
Section 7 of the Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read as
follows: 

Assume, guarantee, endorse, or otherwise become
liable upon the obligations of any person, firm, entity or corporation, except
by the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or
similar transactions in the ordinary course of business and except (i) for
assumptions or guaranties of Permitted Indebtedness and (ii) for assumptions
and guaranties of accounts payable and other liabilities in connection with a
Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Merger; 

2.11 Amendment of Subparagraphs 7.10(a) and 7.10(b) . Effective as of the date hereof,
Subparagraphs 7.10(a) and 7.10(b) of Section 7 of the Agreement are hereby
amended in their entirety to read as follows: 

(a) maintain
at all times during each Fiscal Quarter a Net Worth of not less than
 174,000,000, such amount to be increased on the last day of each successive
Fiscal Quarter, beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31,
2003, by an amount 

5 

equal to the sum of (i) seventy-five percent
(75 of the net income as defined by GAAP (with no deductions for net losses)
of the Companies and their consolidated subsidiaries during such Fiscal Quarter
(income of Subsidiaries acquired during any Fiscal Quarter shall be included
for only the period from the date of acquisition to the end of such Fiscal
Quarter), plus (ii) seventy-five percent (75 of the net proceeds of any
equity issuance received by any Company during such Fiscal Quarter, and
decreased by (iii) the amount of any write-down of goodwill subsequent to
June 30, 2001, as a result of a determination that the value of the
goodwill or the acquired business related thereto is impaired; provided ,
 however , during any time when there are Revolving Loans outstanding, the
foregoing Net Worth covenant shall be tested at the end of each calendar month. 

(b) if
at any time Availability is less than 40,000,000 (the Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio Event ), the Companies shall maintain as of the end of the
Fiscal Quarter immediately prior to the date the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
Event occurred and each Fiscal Quarter thereafter for the 12 month period
ending with each such Fiscal Quarter, a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less
than 1.25 to 1.00; provided , however , during any time when there
are Revolving Loans outstanding, the foregoing Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
covenant shall be tested at the end of each calendar month for the 12 month
period ending with each such calendar month. 

2.12 Amendment of Schedules . 
Effective as of the date hereof, Schedules 1, 7(1), 7(14)(f),
7(14)(g), 7(14)(l), 7(14)(o) and 7(14)(p) of the Agreement are amended to add
to such Schedules the information requested thereon with respect to the New
Guarantor, such additions to such Schedules being described on Exhibit A 
attached hereto 

2.13 Revolving
Loan Commitment . 
Effective as of the date of execution of this Amendment, the Revolving
Loan Commitment for each Lender will be the amount set forth under each
Lender s name on the signature page hereof. 

ARTICLE III 

ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS AND
GRANT OF LIENS 

3.01 Assumption
of Obligations and Grant of Lien by SEG . Effective as of the date of this Amendment, SEG agrees (a) to be
a Guarantor and Obligor under the Agreement and under that certain
Subordination Agreement dated October 8, 2001 executed by the
Companies and the Guarantors for the benefit of Agent and the other Lenders
(the Subordination Agreement ), (b) to be bound by the terms and
provisions of the Agreement as a Guarantor and Obligor thereunder and to be
bound by the terms of the Subordination Agreement as a Guarantor and Obligor
thereunder to the same extent and with the same force and effect as if SEG had
been originally named as a party in each of such documents, (c) to assume all
covenants, agreements and duties as a Guarantor and Obligor under the Agreement
and as a Guarantor and Obligor under the Subordination Agreement, and (d) to
execute and deliver to CIT concurrently with the execution 

6 

hereof, a guaranty
agreement (in form and substance satisfactory to Agent) guaranteeing the prompt
payment and performance of all of the Obligations. SEG hereby also grants to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a
security interest in all Collateral now or hereafter owned by SEG pursuant to
the terms of Section 6 of the Agreement. 
SEG authorizes Agent to file financing statements covering the
Collateral in an authenticated record without its signature and ratify any such
filings made prior to the date hereof by Agent. 

ARTICLE IV 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

4.01 Conditions to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment is
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent in a manner
satisfactory to Agent, unless specifically waived in writing by Agent: 

(a) Agent
shall have received each of the following, each in form and substance
satisfactory to Agent, in its sole discretion, and, where applicable, each duly
executed by each party thereto, other than Agent: 

(i) This
Amendment, duly executed by Companies, the Guarantors and SEG; 

(ii) Certified
copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors, Board of Managers or
Executive Committee of each of the Companies, the Guarantors and SEG,
authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and any
and all other Loan Documents executed by any of the Companies, the Guarantors
or SEG in connection therewith, along with a certificate of incumbency
certified by the secretary of SEG, and, if there has been any change from the
most recent incumbency certificates delivered by any of the Companies or the
Guarantors, a certificate of incumbency certified by the secretary of each of
the Companies and each of the Guarantors, with specimen signatures of the
officers of the Companies, the Guarantors and SEG who are authorized to sign
such documents, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent; 

(iii) Fifth
Amendment to Stock Pledge Amendment duly signed by the Parent pledging all of
its ownership interest in SEG; 

(iv) Pledge
Agreement duly signed by SEG pledging all of its membership interests in Nevada
Holdings, BTG, Wheeling General, Delta Processing General and Delta
International General; 

(v) A
Guaranty duly signed by SEG; 

(vi) Opinion
from Fulbright Jaworski L.L.P. opining, in form and substance
satisfactory to Agent, which shall cover such matters 

7 

incident to the
transactions contemplated by this Amendment as Agent may reasonably require and
the Companies, the Guarantors and SEG hereby authorize and direct such counsel
to deliver such opinions to Agent; 

(vii) Evidence
satisfactory to the Agent that casualty insurance policies of all Companies and
Guarantors listing Agent as loss payee or additional insured, as the case may
be, have been amended to cover the New Guarantor as well as all Companies and
all Guarantors, and are in full force and effect, in form and substance
satisfactory to Agent; and 

(viii) All
other documents Agent may request with respect to any matter relevant to this
Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) The
representations and warranties contained herein and in the Agreement and the
other documents executed in connection with the Agreement (herein referred to
as Loan Documents ), as each is amended hereby, shall be true and
correct as of the date hereof, as if made on the date hereof, except for such
representations and warranties as are by their express terms limited to a
specific date. 

(c) No
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, unless such
Default or Event of Default has been otherwise specifically waived in writing
by Agent. 

(d) All
corporate proceedings taken in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Amendment and all documents, instruments and other legal matters incident
thereto shall be satisfactory to Agent. 

(e) The
Companies shall pay Agent an amendment fee in the amount of 343,750 for the
financial accommodations provided herein, such amendment fee to be distributed
by Agent as follows: (i) 100,000 to
CITBC, (ii) 81,250 to CFC, (iii) 81,250 to FCC, and (iv) 81,250 to LaSalle. 

ARTICLE V 
NO WAIVER 

5.01 No Waiver . Nothing contained herein shall be construed
as a waiver by Agent of any covenant or provision of the Agreement, the other
Loan Documents, this Amendment or any other contract or instrument between the
Obligors and Agent, and the failure of Agent at any time or times hereafter to
require strict performance by the Obligors of any provision thereof shall not
waive, affect or diminish any right of Agent to thereafter demand strict
compliance therewith. Agent hereby reserves all rights granted under the
Agreement, the other Loan Documents, this Amendment, and any other contract or
instrument between the Obligors and Agent. 

8 

ARTICLE VI 
RATIFICATIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

6.01 Ratifications . The terms and provisions set forth in this
Amendment shall modify and supersede all inconsistent terms and provisions set
forth in the Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and, except as expressly
modified and superseded by this Amendment, the terms and provisions of the
Agreement and the other Loan Documents are ratified and confirmed and shall
continue in full force and effect. The
Companies, the Guarantors and Agent agree that the Agreement and the other Loan
Documents, as amended hereby, shall continue to be legal, valid, binding and
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms. 

6.02 Representations
and Warranties . The Companies and the Guarantors hereby represent and
warrant to Agent that (a) the execution, delivery and performance of this
Amendment and any and all other Loan Documents executed and/or delivered in
connection herewith have been authorized by all requisite corporate or limited
partnership or limited liability company action (as applicable) on the part of
the Companies and the Guarantors and will not violate the Articles (or
Certificates) of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Companies and the Guarantors
that are corporations or the limited partnership agreements or certificates of
limited partnership of the Companies and the Guarantors that are limited
partnerships or the articles of formation/organization, regulations or limited
liability company agreements of the Companies that are limited liability
companies; (b) each of the Company s and Guarantor s Board of Directors or
Executive Committee (or the general partner of the applicable limited
partnership) or the members or the Board of Managers of the applicable limited
liability company has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of
this Amendment and any and all other Loan Documents executed and/or delivered
in connection herewith; (c) the representations and warranties contained in the
Agreement, as amended hereby, and any other Loan Document are true and correct
on and as of the date hereof and on and as of the date of execution hereof as
though made on and as of each such date; (d) no Default or Event of Default
under the Agreement, as amended hereby, has occurred and is continuing, unless
such Default or Event of Default has been specifically waived in writing by
Agent; (e) the Companies and the Guarantors are in full compliance with all
covenants and agreements contained in the Agreement and the other Loan
Documents, as amended hereby; and (f) the Companies and the Guarantors have not
amended their Articles (or Certificates) of Incorporation or their Bylaws or
similar organizational documents since the date of the Agreement, except as
otherwise disclosed to Agent. 

ARTICLE VII 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

7.01 Survival
of Representations and Warranties . 
All representations and warranties made in the Agreement or any other
Loan Document, including, without limitation, any document furnished in
connection with this Amendment, shall survive the execution and delivery of
this Amendment and the other Loan Documents, and no investigation by Agent or
any closing shall affect the representations and warranties or the right of
Agent to rely upon them. 

9 

7.02 Reference
to Agreement . Each of the
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any and all other Loan Documents,
documents or instruments now or hereafter executed and delivered pursuant to
the terms hereof or pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, as amended hereby,
are hereby amended so that any reference in the Agreement and such other Loan
Documents to the Agreement shall mean a reference to the Agreement, as amended
hereby. 

7.03 Expenses
of Agent . As provided in the
Agreement, Companies agree to pay on demand all costs and expenses incurred by
Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this
Amendment and the other Loan Documents executed pursuant hereto and any and all
amendments, modifications, and supplements thereto, including, without
limitation, the costs and fees of Agent s legal counsel, and all costs and
expenses incurred by Agent in connection with the enforcement or preservation
of any rights under the Agreement, as amended hereby, or any other Loan
Documents, including, without, limitation, the costs and fees of Agent s legal
counsel. 

7.04 Severability . Any provision of this Amendment held by a
court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable shall not impair
or invalidate the remainder of this Amendment and the effect thereof shall be
confined to the provision so held to be invalid or unenforceable. 

7.05 Successors
and Assigns . This Amendment is
binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Agent and Companies and their
respective successors and assigns, except that Companies may not assign or
transfer any of their rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of Agent. 

7.06 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an
original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the
same instrument. 

7.07 Effect
of Waiver . No consent or
waiver, express or implied, by Agent to or for any breach of or deviation from
any covenant or condition by Companies shall be deemed a consent to or waiver
of any other breach of the same or any other covenant, condition or duty. 

7.08 Headings . The headings, captions, and arrangements
used in this Amendment are for convenience only and shall not affect the
interpretation of this Amendment. 

7.09 Applicable
Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND ALL
OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS EXECUTED PURSUANT HERETO SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE BEEN MADE
AND TO BE PERFORMABLE IN AND SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

7.10 Final
Agreement . THE AGREEMENT AND
THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, EACH AS AMENDED HEREBY, REPRESENT THE ENTIRE
EXPRESSION OF THE PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF ON THE DATE
THIS AMENDMENT IS EXECUTED. THE
AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN 

10 

DOCUMENTS, AS AMENDED
HEREBY, MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR
SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. 
THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. NO MODIFICATION, RESCISSION, WAIVER, RELEASE
OR AMENDMENT OF ANY PROVISION OF THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE MADE, EXCEPT BY A
WRITTEN AGREEMENT SIGNED BY COMPANIES AND AGENT. 

7.11 Release
by the Companies . THE COMPANIES HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE NO
DEFENSE, COUNTERCLAIM, OFFSET, CROSS-COMPLAINT, CLAIM OR DEMAND OF ANY KIND OR
NATURE WHATSOEVER THAT CAN BE ASSERTED TO REDUCE OR ELIMINATE ALL OR ANY PART
OF ITS LIABILITY TO REPAY THE OBLIGATIONS OR TO SEEK AFFIRMATIVE RELIEF OR
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE FROM AGENT. 
THE COMPANIES HEREBY VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY RELEASE AND FOREVER
DISCHARGE AGENT, THE OTHER LENDERS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE PREDECESSORS, AGENTS,
EMPLOYEES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS (COLLECTIVELY, THE RELEASED PARTIES ), FROM
ALL POSSIBLE CLAIMS, DEMANDS, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION, DAMAGES, COSTS,
EXPENSES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ANTICIPATED OR
UNANTICIPATED, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, FIXED, CONTINGENT, OR CONDITIONAL, AT
LAW OR IN EQUITY, ORIGINATING IN WHOLE OR IN PART ON OR BEFORE THE DATE THIS
AMENDMENT IS EXECUTED, WHICH THE COMPANIES MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AGAINST
THE RELEASED PARTIES, IF ANY, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER ANY SUCH CLAIMS ARISE
OUT OF CONTRACT, TORT, VIOLATION OF LAW OR REGULATIONS, OR OTHERWISE, AND
ARISING FROM ANY LOANS , INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CONTRACTING FOR,
CHARGING, TAKING, RESERVING, COLLECTING OR RECEIVING INTEREST IN EXCESS OF THE
HIGHEST LAWFUL RATE APPLICABLE, THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UNDER
THE AGREEMENT OR OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND NEGOTIATION FOR AND EXECUTION OF
THIS AMENDMENT. 

7.12 Release
by the Guarantors . Each
Guarantor hereby consents to the terms of this Amendment, confirms and ratifies
the terms of the Guaranty executed by such Guarantor, acknowledges that such
Guaranty is in full force and effect and ratifies the same, and acknowledges
that such Guarantor has no defense, counterclaim, set-off or any other claim to
diminish such Guarantor s liability under such document. THE GUARANTORS EACH
HEREBY VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY RELEASES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES THE RELEASED PARTIES,
FROM ALL POSSIBLE CLAIMS, DEMANDS, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION, DAMAGES, COSTS,
EXPENSES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ANTICIPATED OR
UNANTICIPATED, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, FIXED, CONTINGENT, OR CONDITIONAL, AT
LAW OR IN EQUITY, ORIGINATING IN WHOLE OR IN PART ON OR BEFORE THE DATE THIS
AMENDMENT IS EXECUTED, WHICH THE GUARANTORS MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AGAINST
THE RELEASED PARTIES, IF ANY, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER ANY SUCH CLAIMS ARISE
OUT OF CONTRACT, TORT, VIOLATION OF 

11 

LAW OR
REGULATIONS, OR OTHERWISE, AND ARISING FROM ANY LOANS , INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY CONTRACTING FOR, CHARGING, TAKING, RESERVING, COLLECTING OR
RECEIVING INTEREST IN EXCESS OF THE HIGHEST LAWFUL RATE APPLICABLE, THE
EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UNDER THE LOAN AGREEMENT OR OTHER CREDIT
DOCUMENTS, AND NEGOTIATION FOR AND EXECUTION OF THIS AMENDMENT. 

[The
Remainder of this Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been executed
and is effective as of the date first above-written. 

COMPANIES : 

LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
FINTUBE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
LONE STAR STEEL COMPANY 
LONE STAR LOGISTICS, INC. 
STAR TUBULAR SERVICES, INC., formerly known as T N LONE STAR
WAREHOUSE CO. 
TEXAS NORTHERN RAILWAY COMPANY 
FINTUBE CANADA, INC. STAR CAPITAL FUNDING, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President of each of the 
 foregoing companies 

BELLVILLE TUBE COMPANY, L.P. 
as successor in interest by conversion to 
Bellville Tube Corporation 

By: 

Bellville Tube General, LLC, 
 its general partner 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President 

WHEELING MACHINE PRODUCTS, L.P., 
as successor in interest by conversion to Wheeling Machine Products, Inc., 
formerly known as Wheeling Acquisition Corporation and Star Tubular
Technologies (Houston), Inc. 

By: 

Wheeling Machine Products General, LLC, 
 its general partner 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President 

DELTA
TUBULAR PROCESSING, L.P. 
as successor in interest by conversion to 
Delta Tubular Processing, Inc., formerly known as Lone Star Acquisition, Inc. 

By: 

Delta Tubular Processing General, LLC, 
 its general partner 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President 

DELTA
TUBULAR INTERNATIONAL, L.P. 
as successor in interest by conversion to 
Delta Tubular International, Inc., formerly known as Star Tubular
International. Inc, 

By: 

Delta Tubular International General, LLC, 
 its general partner 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President 

GUARANTORS : 

ENVIRONMENTAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
ZINKLAHOMA, INC. 
LONE STAR STEEL INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
LONE STAR STEEL SALES COMPANY 
ROTAC, INC. 
LONE STAR ST HOLDINGS, INC. 
STAR TUBULAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
STAR TUBULAR TECHNOLOGIES (YOUNGSTOWN), INC 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President of each of the 
 foregoing companies 

BELLVILLE TUBE GENERAL, LLC LONE STAR NEVADA HOLDINGS, LLC, 
 formerly known as Belleville Tube Limited, LLC 
 WHEELING
MACHINE PRODUCTS GENERAL, LLC DELTA TUBULAR PROCESSING GENERAL, LLC 
DELTA TUBULAR INTERNATIONAL GENERAL, LLC, 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President of each of the 
 foregoing limited liability companies 

NEW
GUARANTOR : 

STAR
ENERGY GROUP, LLC 

By: 

/s/ Robert F. Spears 

Name: 

Robert F. Spears 

Title: 

Vice President 

LENDERS : 

THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT, INC. 
as Agent and Lender 

By: 

/s/ Mark Porter 

Name: 

Mark Porter 

Title: 

Vice President 

Revolving Loan Commitment: 40,000,000.00 

WELLS
FARGO FOOTHILL, INC., formerly
known as Foothill Capital Corporation as Lender 

By: 

/s/ Lan Wong 

Name: 

Lan Wong 

Title: 

Vice President 

Revolving Loan Commitment: 30,000,000.00 

LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Lender 

By: 

/s/ June
 Courtney 

Name: 

June Courtney 

Title: 

Senior Vice
 President 

Revolving Loan Commitment: 25,000,000.00 

CONGRESS
FINANCIAL CORPORATION (SOUTHWEST) 
 as Lender 

By: 

/s/ Joe T. Curdy 

Name: 

Joe T. Curdy 

Title: 

Vice President 

Revolving Loan Commitment: 30,000,000.00 

EXHIBIT
A 

 to 

 SEVENTH
AMENDED AND RESTATED FINANCING AGREEMENT 

Addition
to Schedule 1 

None 

Addition
to Schedule 7(l) 

Exact Name of Obligor : 

 Star Energy Group, LLC 

State of Incorporation : 

 Delaware 

Federal Tax I.D. No. : 

 20-0307551 

Chief Executive Office(s) : 

 15660 Dallas Parkway, Suite 500 

 Dallas, Texas 75248 

Tradenames : 

 None 

Prior Names : 

 None 

Charter No. : 

 DE3707019 (Filing Number) 

Addition
to Schedule 7(14)(f) 

Locations of Owned Real Property: 

None 

Locations of Leased Real Property: 

333 N. Sam Houston Parkway, Suite 405/406 

 Houston, TX 
77060 

Additions
to Schedule 7(14)(g) 

None 

Additions
to Schedule 7(14)(l) 

None 

Additions
to Schedule 7(14)(o) 

Subsidiaries of Lone Star Technologies, Inc.: 

Star Energy Group, LLC 

Additions
to Schedule 7(14)(p) 

None 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-21>
 6
 a04-3233_1ex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF LONE STAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

I. Environmental
Holdings, Inc. 

A. Zinkanada,
Inc. 

 B. Zinklahoma,
Inc. 

II. Lone
Star Steel Company 

A. Lone
Star Logistics, Inc. 

 B. Lone
Star Steel International, Inc. 

 C. Lone
Star Steel Sales company 

 D. Rotac,
Inc. 

 E. Star
Tubular Services, Inc. 

 F. Texas
 Northern Railway Company 

III. Lone
Star ST Holdings, Inc. 

A. Fintube
Technologies, Inc. 

1. Fintube
Canada, Inc. 

 2. Aletas
y Birlos Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. 

a. Aletas y Birlos, S.A. de C.V. 

IV. Bellville
Tube Company, L.P. 

V. Wheeling
Machine Products, L.P. 

VI. Delta
Tubular Processing, L.P. 

VII. Delta
Tubular International, L.P. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 a04-3233_1ex23.htm
 EX-23

Exhibit 23 

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS CONSENT AND REPORT ON
SCHEDULES 

To the Board of
Directors and Shareholders of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries 
Dallas, Texas: 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement Nos. 333-41130
and 333-100579 of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. on Form S-3 and Registration
Statement Nos. 33-64805, 333-38458, 333-46310, 333-46312, and 333-106410 on
Form S-8 of our report dated March 12, 2004, relating to the consolidated
financial statements of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of and
for the year ended December 31, 2003 (which report expresses an unqualified
opinion and includes explanatory paragraphs concerning the application of
procedures relating to certain disclosures and reclassification of financial
statement amounts related to the 2001 financial statements that were audited by
other auditors who have ceased operations and for which we have expressed no
opinion or other form of assurance other than with respect to such disclosures
and reclassification), appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lone
Star Technologies, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

Our
audits of the financial statements referred to in our aforementioned report
also included the 2003 and 2002 financial statement schedules of Lone Star
Technologies, Inc., listed in Item 8 of Form 10-K. These financial
statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company s management. 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audit. In our
opinion, such 2003 and 2002 financial statement schedules, when considered in
relation to the 2003 and 2002 basic financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
The financial statement schedule for the year ended December 31, 2001 was
audited by other auditors who have ceased operations. Those auditors
expressed an opinion, in their report dated January 22, 2002, that such 2001
financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the 2001 basic
financial statements taken as a whole (prior to the disclosures and
reclassifications referred to above), presented fairly, in all material
respects, the information set forth therein. 

DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
Dallas, Texas 

March 12, 2004 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 8
 a04-3233_1ex24.htm
 EX-24

Exhibit 24 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints Rhys J.
Best, Charles J. Keszler and Robert F. Spears , or any of them, as
the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned (the
 Attorneys-in-Fact ), each with full power to appoint a substitute or
substitutes to act hereunder, to execute and deliver for and on behalf of the
undersigned the Annual Report of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. on Form 10-K
(including any amendments thereto) to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2003. The
undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that the Attorneys-in-Fact, or any
substitute or substitutes, may do by virtue of this Power of Attorney. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
at Dallas, Texas on this 11th day of March, 2004. 

/s/ Frederick B. Hegi, Jr. 

Frederick B. Hegi, Jr. 

STATE OF TEXAS 

COUNTY OF DALLAS 

BEFORE ME, Sharon E. Goodrich, a Notary Public in and for the State of
Texas, on this day did personally appear Frederick B. Hegi, Jr., known to me to
be the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing Power of Attorney, and
acknowledged to me that he executed such Power of Attorney for the purposes and
consideration therein expressed. 

GIVEN UNDER MY HAND AND SEAL OF OFFICE, this 11th day of March, 2004. 

/s/ Sharon E. Goodrich 

Notary Public, State of Texas 

My Commission Expires: 
 9/14/06 

1 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints Rhys J.
Best, Charles J. Keszler and Robert F. Spears , or any of them, as
the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned (the
 Attorneys-in-Fact ), each with full power to appoint a substitute or
substitutes to act hereunder, to execute and deliver for and on behalf of the
undersigned the Annual Report of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. on Form 10-K
(including any amendments thereto) to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2003. The
undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that the Attorneys-in-Fact, or any
substitute or substitutes, may do by virtue of this Power of Attorney. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
at Dallas, Texas on this 11th day of March, 2004. 

/s/ Robert Kelley 

Robert Kelley 

STATE OF TEXAS 

COUNTY OF DALLAS 

BEFORE ME, Sharon E. Goodrich, a Notary Public in and for the State of
Texas, on this day did personally appear Robert Kelley, known to me to be the
person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing Power of Attorney, and
acknowledged to me that he executed such Power of Attorney for the purposes and
consideration therein expressed. 

GIVEN UNDER MY HAND AND SEAL OF OFFICE, this 11th day of March, 2004. 

/s/ Sharon E. Goodrich 

Notary Public, State of Texas 

My Commission Expires: 
 9/14/06 

2 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints Rhys J.
Best, Charles J. Keszler and Robert F. Spears , or any of them, as
the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned (the
 Attorneys-in-Fact ), each with full power to appoint a substitute or
substitutes to act hereunder, to execute and deliver for and on behalf of the
undersigned the Annual Report of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. on Form 10-K
(including any amendments thereto) to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2003. The
undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that the Attorneys-in-Fact, or any
substitute or substitutes, may do by virtue of this Power of Attorney. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
at Dallas, Texas on this 11th day of March, 2004. 

/s/ M. Joseph McHugh 

M. Joseph McHugh 

STATE OF TEXAS 

COUNTY OF DALLAS 

BEFORE ME, Sharon E. Goodrich, a Notary Public in and for the State of
Texas, on this day did personally appear M. Joseph McHugh, known to me to be
the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing Power of Attorney, and
acknowledged to me that he executed such Power of Attorney for the purposes and
consideration therein expressed. 

GIVEN UNDER MY HAND AND SEAL OF OFFICE, this 11th day of March, 2004. 

/s/ Sharon E. Goodrich 

Notary Public, State of Texas 

My Commission Expires: 
 9/14/06 

3 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints Rhys J.
Best, Charles J. Keszler and Robert F. Spears , or any of them, as
the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned (the
 Attorneys-in-Fact ), each with full power to appoint a substitute or
substitutes to act hereunder, to execute and deliver for and on behalf of the
undersigned the Annual Report of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. on Form 10-K
(including any amendments thereto) to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2003. The
undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that the Attorneys-in-Fact, or any
substitute or substitutes, may do by virtue of this Power of Attorney. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
at Dallas, Texas on this 11th day of March, 2004. 

/s/ Thomas M. Mercer, Jr. 

Thomas M. Mercer, Jr. 

STATE OF TEXAS 

COUNTY OF DALLAS 

BEFORE ME, Sharon E. Goodrich, a Notary Public in and for the State of
Texas, on this day did personally appear Thomas M. Mercer, Jr., known to me to
be the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing Power of Attorney, and
acknowledged to me that he executed such Power of Attorney for the purposes and
consideration therein expressed. 

GIVEN UNDER MY HAND AND SEAL OF OFFICE, this 11th day of March, 2004. 

/s/ Sharon E. Goodrich 

Notary Public, State of Texas 

My Commission Expires: 9/14/06 

4 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints Rhys J.
Best, Charles J. Keszler and Robert F. Spears , or any of them, as
the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned (the
 Attorneys-in-Fact ), each with full power to appoint a substitute or
substitutes to act hereunder, to execute and deliver for and on behalf of the
undersigned the Annual Report of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. on Form 10-K
(including any amendments thereto) to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2003. The
undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that the Attorneys-in-Fact, or any
substitute or substitutes, may do by virtue of this Power of Attorney. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
at Dallas, Texas on this 11th day of March, 2004. 

/s/ Jerry E. Ryan 

Jerry E. Ryan 

STATE OF TEXAS 

COUNTY OF DALLAS 

BEFORE ME, Sharon E. Goodrich, a Notary Public in and for the State of
Texas, on this day did personally appear Jerry E. Ryan, known to me to be the
person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing Power of Attorney, and
acknowledged to me that he executed such Power of Attorney for the purposes and
consideration therein expressed. 

GIVEN UNDER MY HAND AND SEAL OF OFFICE, this 11th day of March, 2004. 

/s/ Sharon E. Goodrich 

Notary Public, State of Texas 

My Commission Expires: 
 9/14/06 

5 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 

That the undersigned hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints Rhys J.
Best, Charles J. Keszler and Robert F. Spears , or any of them, as
the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned (the
 Attorneys-in-Fact ), each with full power to appoint a substitute or
substitutes to act hereunder, to execute and deliver for and on behalf of the
undersigned the Annual Report of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. on Form 10-K
(including any amendments thereto) to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2003. The
undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that the Attorneys-in-Fact, or any
substitute or substitutes, may do by virtue of this Power of Attorney. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
at Dallas, Texas on this 11th day of March, 2004. 

/s/ Robert L. Keiser 

Robert L. Keiser 

STATE OF TEXAS 

COUNTY OF DALLAS 

BEFORE ME, Sharon E. Goodrich, a Notary Public in and for the State of
Texas, on this day did personally appear Robert L. Keiser, known to me to be
the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing Power of Attorney, and
acknowledged to me that he executed such Power of Attorney for the purposes and
consideration therein expressed. 

GIVEN UNDER MY HAND AND SEAL OF OFFICE, this 11th day of March, 2004. 

/s/ Sharon E. Goodrich 

Notary Public, State of Texas 

My Commission Expires: 
 9/14/06 

6 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 a04-3233_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS 
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Rhys J. Best, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of Lone Star Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this annual report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

 b) evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

 c) disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and audit the committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Rhys J. Best 

Rhys J. Best 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 12, 2004 

1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 a04-3233_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS 
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Charles J. Keszler, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of Lone Star Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this annual report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

 b) evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

 c) disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and audit the committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Charles J. Keszler 

Charles J. Keszler 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 12, 2004 

1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 11
 a04-3233_1ex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION FILED PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED BY 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the
period ending December 31, 2003 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies in his
capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Rhys J. Best 

/s/ Charles J. Keszler 

Rhys J. Best 

Charles J.
 Keszler 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Date: March
 12, 2004 

1 

</EX-32>

