<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20040305_10-K_edgar_data_92259_0000950134-04-002995.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>580189</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>213896</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>241346</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950134-04-002995.hdr.sgml : 20040305
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040305152310
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-04-002995
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20031231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040305

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD CO/DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000092259
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROADS, LINE-HAUL OPERATING [4011]
		IRS NUMBER:				946001323
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06146
		FILM NUMBER:		04651923

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1416 DODGE STREET
		STREET 2:		MC 10015
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68179
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4022715000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1416 DODGE STREET
		STREET 2:		MC 10015
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68179

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRANSPORTATION CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 GD4yLrsGJVWCBFzgY3fBDxMSey/ZIywVgwCc5jpTrzJv4uhv3/B5+03gKgR/ZzgB
 wWMrpwOuKy8CPTEXRSQJ0Q==

 0000950134-04-002995.txt : 20040305

10-K
 1
 d13270e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number 1-6146 

 UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE 

94-6001323 

(State or other jurisdiction of

(I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization)

Identification No.) 

1416 DODGE STREET, OMAHA, NEBRASKA 
(Address of principal executive offices) 
 68179 
(Zip Code) 
 (402) 271-5000 
(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each Class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Missouri Pacific Railroad Company

New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 

4-1/4 First Mortgage Bonds due 2005

Missouri Pacific Railroad Company

New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 

4-3/4 General Income Mortgage Bonds due 2020 and

2030

Missouri Pacific Railroad Company

New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 

5 Income Debentures due 2045

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None 

Table of Contents 

THE REGISTRANT MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTION
I(1)(a) AND (b)
OF FORM 10-K AND IS THEREFORE FILING THIS FORM WITH THE REDUCED
DISCLOSURE FORMAT.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. .

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes No 

None of the Registrant s voting stock is held by non-affiliates. The
Registrant is a wholly owned subsidiary of Union Pacific Corporation.

As of March 5, 2004, the Registrant had outstanding 7,130 shares of Common
Stock, 10 par value, and 620 shares of Class A Stock, 10 par value.

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Portions of Union Pacific Corporation s
definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on
April 16, 2004, have been incorporated by reference into Part III of this
report. The Corporation s Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A.

2

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY 

PART I 

Item 1.

Business.

4 

Item 2.

Properties.

7 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings.

8 

Item 4.

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

9 

PART II 

Item 5.

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters

10 

Item 6.

Selected Financial Data.

10 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations. 

10 

Management s Narrative Analysis of the Results of Operations.

10 

Risk Factors.

10 

Cautionary Information.

21 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.

22 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

23 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure.

48 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures.

48 

PART III 

Item 10.

Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.

49 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation.

49 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.

49 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

49 

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

49 

PART IV 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K.

50 

Signatures.

51 

Certifications.

57 

By-laws, as amended, effective February 1, 2004 
 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
 Powers of Attorney 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

3

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Union Pacific Railroad Company, together with its wholly owned and
majority-owned subsidiaries and certain affiliates (collectively, the Company,
UPRR or the Railroad), is a Class I Railroad, incorporated in Delaware, and is
an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Union Pacific Corporation (the
Corporation or UPC). The Company s principal executive offices are located at
1416 Dodge Street, Room 1230, Omaha, NE 68179. The telephone number at that
address is (402) 271-5000.

For purposes of this report, unless the context otherwise requires, all
references herein to the Company , we , us , and our shall mean Union
Pacific Railroad Company.

Union Pacific Railroad Company is the largest railroad in North America,
covering 23 states across the western two-thirds of the United States. Our
operating results include Southern Pacific Rail Corporation, which we acquired
in October 1996. In addition, during 1997, we acquired an ownership interest
in a consortium, which was granted a 50-year concession to operate the
Pacific-North and Chihuahua Pacific lines in Mexico. We made an additional
investment in the consortium in 1999 and currently hold a 26 ownership
interest.

 Available Information Our Internet website is www.up.com. We make available
free of charge on the website (under the Investors caption link) our annual
report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on
Form 8-K, the Corporation s proxy statement and Forms 3, 4 and 5, filed on
behalf of the Corporation s directors and executive officers and amendments to
such reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), as soon as reasonably practicable after
such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities
Exchange Commission (SEC). We also make available on our website previously
filed SEC reports and exhibits via a link to EDGAR on the SEC s Internet site
at www.sec.gov. Additionally, the Corporation s corporate governance
materials, including Board Committee charters, governance guidelines and
policies and codes of conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees
may also be found on our website at www.up.com/investors. From time to time,
the corporate governance materials on the website may be updated as necessary
to comply with rules issued by the SEC and NYSE or as desirable to promote the
effective and efficient governance of our company. Any security holder wishing
to receive, without charge, a copy of any of these SEC filings or corporate
governance materials should write to Secretary, Union Pacific Corporation, 1416
Dodge Street, Room 1230, Omaha, NE 68179.

The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by
reference of the information contained on the website and should not be
considered part of this report.

OPERATIONS 

We are a Class I railroad that operates in the United States. We have
approximately 33,000 route miles linking Pacific Coast and Gulf Coast ports
with the Midwest and eastern United States gateways and providing several
north/south corridors to key Mexican gateways. We serve the western two-thirds
of the country and maintain coordinated schedules with other rail carriers for
the handling of freight to and from the Atlantic Coast, the Pacific Coast, the
Southeast, the Southwest, Canada and Mexico. Export and import traffic is
moved through Gulf Coast and Pacific Coast ports and across the Mexican and
Canadian borders. Commodity revenue totaled 11.0 billion in 2003 and is
comprised of the following six commodity groups:

Agricultural The transportation of Agricultural Products, including whole
grains (for animal and human consumption) and commodities produced from these
grains, food and beverage products and sweeteners, provided 14 of 2003
commodity revenue. With access to most major grain markets, we provide a
critical link between the Midwest and western producing areas and the primary
Pacific Northwest (PNW) and Gulf ports, as well as Mexico. We also serve
significant domestic markets, including grain processors and feeders, as well
as ethanol producers in the Midwest, West, South and Rocky Mountain states.
Unit trains of grain efficiently shuttle between producers and export terminals
or domestic markets. Primary food commodities consist of a variety of fresh
and frozen fruits and vegetables, dairy products and beverages, which are moved
to major U.S. population centers for consumption. Express Lane, our premium and
perishables service moving fruits and vegetables from the PNW and California to
destinations in the East, continues to

4

Table of Contents 

draw market share from trucks. Frozen
meat and poultry are also transported to the West Coast ports for export, while
beverages are imported into the U.S. from Mexico. Sweeteners are primarily
short haul sugar beet movements from the fields to the refineries, both of
which are located in Idaho.

Automotive We are the largest automotive carrier west of the Mississippi
River, serving seven vehicle assembly plants and distributing imported vehicles
from six West Coast ports and Houston. We serve 42 vehicle distribution
centers, from which vehicles are delivered to all major western U.S. cities.
These centers serve as railcar-to-truck haulaway operations for major domestic
and international automotive manufacturers. In addition to transporting
finished vehicles, we currently provide expedited handling of automobile
materials in both boxcars and containers to several assembly plants.
Converting automotive material shipments from the highway to rail is a key
growth opportunity. Mexico is also an important contributor to the automotive
market for us, as manufacturers continue to locate both vehicle manufacturing
and parts facilities at locations throughout the country. Automotive materials
flow north and south across the border bound for assembly plants in Mexico, the
U.S. and Canada. In 2003, the transportation of finished vehicles and
automobile materials accounted for 11 of total commodity revenue.

Chemicals The transportation of Chemicals provided 14 of our 2003 commodity
revenue. Our franchise enables us to serve the large chemical producing areas
along the Gulf Coast, as well as the Rocky Mountain region. More than
two-thirds of the chemicals business consists of liquid and dry chemicals,
plastics and liquid petroleum products. Pipeline service, designed to
eliminate unnecessary stops in terminals, reduces delivery times and
significantly improves asset utilization for us and our customers. In addition
to transporting plastics, customers also leverage our industry leading
storage-in-transit yards for intermediate storage of plastic resins. Soda ash
shipments originate in southwestern Wyoming and California and are consumed
primarily in glass producing markets in the East, the West and abroad.
Fertilizer movements originate on the Gulf Coast, as well as in the West and
Canada, bound for major agricultural end-users in the Midwest and the western
U.S.

Energy Coal transportation accounted for 22 of our 2003 commodity revenue.
Our geographic footprint positions us to transport coal destined for utilities
and industrial facilities in 27 states, as well as to the Gulf and
rail/barge/ship facilities on the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers and the Great
Lakes. We serve mines located in the Southern Powder River Basin of Wyoming,
in addition to Colorado, Utah, southern Wyoming and southern Illinois. Southern
Powder River Basin coal represents the largest and fastest growing segment of
the market, as utilities continue to favor its low cost and low-sulfur content.
In addition, we continue to penetrate markets in the East as electricity
generation continues to grow in the face of declining eastern coal production.
High-BTU
low-sulfur coal from Colorado and Utah is also transported to domestic
utilities and industries, as well as for export to Mexico.

Industrial Products Industrial products includes a broad range of
commodities, from bulk products like stone, cement, minerals, waste and scrap
to higher-value shipments like lumber, paper and government and consumer goods.
Bulk commodities often move in unit train service from origin to a
distribution facility in major metropolitan areas. Other commodities move in
manifest trains and rely on our extensive network to move between thousands of
shippers and customers across North America. We continue to focus on capturing
share from trucks by providing consistent and reliable service. In 2003, the
transportation of industrial products provided 20 of total commodity revenue.

Intermodal Our Intermodal business, which represents 19 of 2003 commodity
revenues, is classified as international, domestic or premium shipments.
International business consists of international container traffic for
steamship customers. It arrives at West Coast ports for destinations
throughout the United States. Domestic business includes domestic container
and trailer traffic handled by intermodal marketing companies (primarily
shipper agents and consolidators) and truckload carriers. Less-than-truckload
and package carriers with time sensitive business requirements account for the
majority of our premium business. Service performance and reliability drive
intermodal business growth, as modeled by the 60-hour transcontinental rail
service solution provided by us and our partnering rail carrier to UPS in 2003.

Working Capital We currently have, and historically have had, a working
capital deficit, which is not uncommon in our industry and does not indicate a
lack of liquidity or financial stability. We maintain adequate resources to
meet our daily cash requirements, and we have sufficient financial capacity to
satisfy our current liabilities.

Competition We are subject to competition from other railroads, motor
carriers and barge operators. Our main rail competitor is Burlington Northern
Santa Fe Corporation. Its rail subsidiary, The Burlington Northern and Santa
Fe Railway Company, operates parallel routes in many of our main traffic
corridors. In addition, our operations are

5

Table of Contents 

conducted in corridors served by
other competing railroads and by motor carriers. Motor carrier competition is
particularly strong with respect to five of our six commodity groups (excluding
energy), due to shorter delivery times offered by such carriers. Because of
the proximity of our routes to major inland and Gulf Coast waterways, barge
competition can be particularly pronounced, especially for grain and bulk
commodities. Competition can pressure both transit time requirements and
pricing, as well as place a greater emphasis on the quality and reliability of
the service provided. While we must build or acquire and maintain our rail
system, trucks and barges are able to use public rights-of-way maintained by
public entities. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing
the quality of these alternative modes of transportation in the locations in
which we operate, or legislation granting materially greater latitude for motor
carriers with respect to size or weight limitations, could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Equipment Suppliers We are dependent on two key suppliers of locomotives.
Due to the capital intensive nature and sophistication of this equipment and
its production, there are strong barriers of entry to potential new suppliers.
Therefore, if one of these suppliers discontinues manufacturing locomotives, we
could realize a significant increase in the cost and the potential for reduced
availability of the locomotives that are necessary to our operations.

Employees Approximately 86 of our 46,000 full time equivalent employees are
represented by 14 major rail unions. National negotiations under the Railway
Labor Act to revise the national labor agreements for all crafts began in late
1999.

In May 2001, the Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way Employees (BMWE)
ratified an agreement, which included provisions for wage increases (based on
the consumer price index) and progressive employee health and welfare cost
sharing rates.

In August 2002, the carriers reached an agreement with the United
Transportation Union (UTU) that incorporated wage increases. The agreement
also provided for the operation of remote control locomotives by trainmen that
was challenged by the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers (BLE). A January
2003 arbitration decision held that the operation of remote control locomotives
in terminals does not violate the BLE agreement. In November 2003, agreement
was reached with the UTU on employee health and welfare cost sharing rates and
plan design changes.

In November 2002, the International Brotherhood of Boilermakers and
Blacksmiths (IBB) reached an agreement that incorporated wage increases.

In January 2003, an arbitration award was rendered establishing wage
increases and employee health and welfare cost sharing rates for the
Transportation Communications International Union (TCU). Health and welfare
plan design changes were also part of the TCU agreement.

Other settled agreements that incorporated wage increases and employee
health and welfare cost sharing rates combined with plan design changes include
the Brotherhood of Railway Signalmen (BRS) in September 2003 and the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers (BLE) in December 2003. Contract
discussions with the remaining unions are either in negotiation or mediation.

All settlements previously discussed include a five year contract period,
expiring December 31, 2004.

Effective January 2004, the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers merged
with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters (IBT). The BLE has changed its
name to the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen (BLET).

Additional information regarding our operations is presented within the
Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 8.

GOVERNMENTAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION 

Governmental Regulation Our operations are subject to a variety of federal,
state and local regulations, generally applicable to all businesses (see also
the discussion of certain regulatory proceedings in Legal Proceedings, Item 3).

Our operations are subject to the regulatory jurisdiction of the Surface
Transportation Board (STB) of the United States Department of Transportation
(DOT) and other federal and state agencies. Our operations are also subject to
the regulations of the Federal Railroad Administration of the DOT. The STB has
jurisdiction over rates charged on certain

6

Table of Contents 

regulated rail traffic; freight car
compensation; transfer, extension or abandonment of rail lines; and acquisition
of control of rail common carriers.

The DOT and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, along with
other federal agencies, have jurisdiction over certain aspects of safety,
movement of hazardous materials, movement and disposal of hazardous waste and
equipment standards. Various state and local agencies have jurisdiction over
disposal of hazardous waste and seek to regulate movement of hazardous
materials in areas not otherwise preempted by federal law.

 Environmental Regulation In addition to the regulations governing the
transportation of hazardous materials, we are subject to extensive federal and
state environmental statutes and regulations pertaining to public health and
the environment. The statutes and regulations are administered and monitored
by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and by various state environmental
agencies. Those laws primarily affecting our operations are the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, regulating the management and disposal
of solid and hazardous wastes, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1976, regulating the cleanup of contaminated
properties, the Clean Air Act regulating air emissions and the Clean Water Act,
regulating waste water discharges.

Information concerning environmental claims and contingencies and
estimated remediation costs is set forth in Management s Narrative Analysis of
the Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies Environmental, Item
7.

Item 2. Properties 

Our primary real estate, equipment and other property (properties) are owned or
leased to support our rail operations. We believe that our properties are in
good condition and are adequate for current operations. We operate facilities
and equipment designated for both maintenance and repair, including
locomotives, railcars and other equipment, and for monitoring such maintenance
and repair work. The facilities include rail yards, intermodal ramps and
maintenance shops throughout the rail system. We had approximately 1.9
billion in capital expenditures during 2003, including non-cash financings of
 188 million, for, among other things, building and maintaining track,
structures and infrastructure, upgrading and augmenting equipment and
implementing new technologies

Certain of our properties are subject to federal, state and local
provisions involving the protection of the environment (see discussion of
environmental issues in Governmental and Environmental Regulation, Item 1,
Management s Narrative Analysis of the Results of Operations Critical
Accounting Policies Environmental, Item 7).

 Track We utilize approximately 33,000 main line and branch line route miles
in 23 states in the western two-thirds of the United States. We own
approximately 27,000 route miles with the remainder of route miles operated
under trackage rights or leases. As of and for the years ending December 31,
2003, 2002 and 2001, route miles operated and track miles installed and
replaced are as follows:

Miles 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Main line

27,547 

27,504 

27,553 

Branch line

5,284 

5,637 

6,033 

Yards, sidings and other main lines

21,285 

21,760 

21,669 

Total

54,116 

54,901 

55,255 

Track miles of rail installed and replaced:

New

739 

783 

857 

Used

309 

330 

388 

Ties installed and replaced (000)

4,855 

4,531 

3,648 

7

Table of Contents 

Equipment Our primary rail equipment as of and for the years ending December
31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, consisted of the following:

Equipment 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Owned or leased at year-end:

Locomotives

7,251 

7,094 

6,886 

Freight cars:

Covered hoppers

29,374 

30,602 

33,901 

Boxcars

18,691 

15,040 

15,561 

Open-top hoppers

13,489 

15,891 

17,202 

Gondolas

14,955 

14,793 

15,431 

Other

11,296 

14,551 

14,681 

Work equipment and other

6,950 

6,950 

6,950 

Purchased or leased during the year:

Locomotives

265 

530 

500 

Freight cars

580 

3,823 

793 

Average age of equipment (years):

Locomotives

14.3 

14.4 

14.9 

Freight cars

24.5 

21.9 

22.5 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Environmental Matters 

The United States Attorney for the Central District of California has notified
us that the office intends to present criminal charges against us for alleged
violations of federal environmental laws, including the federal Clean Water
Act, in connection with releases of oil contaminated wastewater from our Taylor
Yard in 2001 and 2003. In addition, the State authorities are proposing civil
penalties for these same releases in the amount of 125,000.

After a series of protracted negotiations, the California Department of
Toxic Substances Control DTSC threatened civil prosecution against us in
November 2003, relating to our failure to register as a hazardous waste
transporter under California law from April 2000 to August 2001. We contend
that we are exempt from the registration requirements due to federal
preemption. The DTSC has proposed civil penalties of 125,160 for the alleged
violation. We will vigorously oppose this proposed penalty.

As previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2001, on
January 30, 2002, the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality (LDEQ)
issued to us a notice of a proposed penalty assessment in the amount of
 195,700. We previously met with the LDEQ regarding this matter to present
documentation indicating that no penalty should be assessed. We have filed
suit against the LDEQ in Louisiana State District Court challenging the
penalty. The LDEQ proposed penalty relates to the derailment of one of our
trains carrying hazardous materials near Eunice, Louisiana on May 27, 2000.
The derailment caused a fire and explosion that resulted in the evacuation of
approximately 3,800 residents of the surrounding area and numerous claims for
personal injuries, property damage and business interruption, which was
previously reported in our report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30,
2000. To date, several class action claims have been filed against us. The
amount of damages have not been specified in these claims; and, therefore, it
is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of these proceedings.
Settlement discussions with the class representatives are ongoing. We believe
we have substantial defenses and, although losses have exceeded self-insured
retention amounts, we believe our insurance coverage is adequate to cover any
material damage claims or settlements.

As previously reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended June 30, 2002, a criminal case, relating to a series of alleged
releases of hazardous materials, was filed against us by the District Attorneys
of Merced, Madera and Stanislaus Counties. The criminal case was dismissed in
the last quarter of 2003 and was subsequently refiled as a civil action by
several counties. The civil suit seeks civil penalties against us in connection
with the
release of calcium oxide lime ), which leaked from an unidentified railcar
between Chowchilla and Sacramento, California, on December 27, 2001, and
another incident in which lime leaked from a railcar between Chowchilla and
Stockton, California on February 21, 2002. The suit contends that regulatory
violations occurred by virtue of our alleged failure to timely report the
release of a hazardous material, our alleged disposal of hazardous waste, and
the alleged release of material into the waters of the State of California. The
amount of the claim is not specified but could exceed 100,000.

8

Table of Contents 

As previously reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March 31, 2003, the San Joaquin County District Attorney filed an
action against us on February 3, 2003, alleging claims under the California
Business and Professions Code section 17200 (unfair business practices), Fish
and Game Code section 5650 and 5650.1, California Health and Safety Code
section 25189(d) and Public Nuisance, California Civil Code section 3480. The
claims arise from a February 16, 2000 derailment in Stockton, California in
which a locomotive struck an object on the tracks, resulting in the puncture of
a fuel tank. The District Attorney alleged that diesel fuel from this spill
entered waters of the State of California. The complaint also asserted claims
under the above referenced statutes for any other diesel spill which may have
occurred in the State of California, between 2000 and 2003, in which diesel may
have passed into waters of the State of California and seeks injunctive relief,
as well as civil penalties of 25,000 for the alleged February 16, 2000 diesel
spill and total penalties of not less than 250,000 for all diesel spills which
may have occurred since 2000. The District Attorney filed an amended complaint
on April 10, 2003, which narrowed the claims to the incident of February 16,
2000. The amended complaint seeks both injunctive relief and daily penalties,
which could exceed 100,000, for each day that fuel was in the affected
waterway.

As previously reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March 31, 2002, on April 26, 2002, we received written notice of
a proposed 250,000 penalty from the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency
relating to a collision between one of our trains and a train from Conrail.
The collision occurred near Momence, Illinois, on March 23, 1999 when an
eastbound Conrail train failed to stop at a signal and struck our train that
was properly occupying a crossing. The collision resulted in a release of
diesel fuel from the fuel tanks of our locomotive, which was promptly reported
and remediated. We received notice in January 2003 that the amount of the
proposed penalty, including oversight costs, has been reduced to 127,000. We
will vigorously oppose this proposed penalty.

We have received notices from the EPA and state environmental agencies
alleging that we are or may be liable under certain federal or state
environmental laws for remediation costs at various sites throughout the United
States, including sites which are on the Superfund National Priorities List or
state superfund lists. Although specific claims have been made by the EPA and
state regulators with respect to some of these sites, the ultimate impact of
these proceedings and suits by third parties cannot be predicted at this time
because of the number of potentially responsible parties involved, the degree
of contamination by various wastes, the scarcity and quality of volumetric data
related to many of the sites, and/or the speculative nature of remediation
costs.

Information concerning environmental claims and contingencies and
estimated remediation costs is set forth in Management s Narrative Analysis of
the Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies Environmental, Item
7.

Other Matters 

As previously reported, Western Resources, Inc. (Western) filed a complaint on
January 24, 2000, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas
alleging that UPRR and The Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway Company
(BNSF) materially breached our service obligations under the transportation
contract to deliver coal in a timely manner to Western s Jeffrey Energy Center.
On September 12, 2002, the jury returned a verdict finding that the contract
had not been breached by the railroads, and the judgment dismissing the case
was entered by the court on September 16, 2002. Western filed a motion for a
new trial on
September 30, 2002, which was denied by the court on March 6, 2003. Western
filed notice of its intent to appeal the verdict to the 10th Circuit Court of
Appeals on April 4, 2003. On October 22, 2003, Western agreed to have the
matter dismissed in exchange for a payment of 50,000 by the railroads, which
did not constitute an admission of liability, and, on November 5, 2003, the
court dismissed the complaint.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

Omitted in accordance with General Instruction I of Form 10-K.

9

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters 

As of the date of filing this Report, we had the following amounts of capital
stock issued and outstanding: 7,130 shares of Common Stock, par value 10.00
per share (our Common Stock), 620 shares of Class A Stock, par value 10.00 per
share (our Class A Stock), 4,829 Redeemable Preference Shares (Series A),
initial par value 10,000 per share, and 436 Redeemable Preference Shares
(Series B), initial par value 10,000 per share (collectively, the Preference
Shares). All of our Common Stock and our Class A Stock, which constitutes all
of the voting capital stock, is owned by the Corporation or a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Corporation, and all of the Preference Shares, which are
non-voting stock, are owned by the Federal Railroad Administration.
Accordingly, there is no market for our capital stock.

Our Board of Directors has restricted the availability of retained
earnings for payment of dividends by 131 million. This represents (a) the
amount by which the estimated fair value of our investment in our
non-transportation subsidiaries, as determined by our Board of Directors,
exceeded the net book value of such investment, which was transferred to the
Corporation by means of a dividend in June 1971 110 million) and (b) the
amount by which the fair market value exceeded the book value of certain
investment securities which were transferred to the Corporation by means of a
dividend in November 1972 21 million).

Our Class A Stock is entitled to a cash dividend whenever a dividend is
declared on the Common Stock, in an amount which equals 8 percent of the sum of
the dividends on both the Class A Stock and the Common Stock. Dividends on our
Common Stock, which are paid on a quarterly basis, totaled 231 million and
 189 million in 2003 and 2002, respectively. Dividends paid on our Class A
Stock were 20 million and 16 million in 2003 and 2002, respectively.

We are subject to certain restrictions related to the payment of
dividends. The amount of retained earnings available for dividends was 7.5
billion and 6.4 billion at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Omitted in accordance with General Instruction I of Form 10-K.

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Omitted in accordance with General Instruction I of Form 10-K. In lieu
thereof, a narrative analysis is presented.

MANAGEMENT S NARRATIVE ANALYSIS OF THE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated
Financial Statements and applicable notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, Item 8, and other information included in this report.

RISK FACTORS 

We Face Competition from Other Railroads and Other Transportation Providers 
We are subject to competition from other railroads, which operate parallel
routes in many of our traffic corridors, in addition to motor carriers and, to
a lesser
extent, ships, barges and pipelines. Competition can pressure both transit time
requirements and pricing, as well as place a greater emphasis on the rate
charged and the quality and reliability of the service provided. While we must
build or acquire and maintain our rail system, trucks and barges are able to
use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities. Any future improvements
or expenditures materially increasing the quality of these alternative modes of
transportation in the locations in which we operate, or legislation granting
materially greater latitude for motor carriers with respect to size or weight
limitations, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity.

10

Table of Contents 

We Are Subject to Significant Governmental Regulation We are subject to
governmental regulation by a significant number of federal, state and local
authorities with respect to our railroad operations and a variety of health,
safety, labor, environmental, as discussed below, and other matters. Our
failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material
adverse effect on us. Governments may change the legislative or regulatory
framework within which we operate without providing us with any recourse for
any adverse effects that the change may have on our business. Also, some of the
regulations require us to obtain and maintain various licenses, permits and
other authorizations, and we cannot assure you that we will continue to be able
to do so.

We Are Subject to Significant Environmental Laws and Regulations Our
operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws
and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to the air,
discharges to waters and the handling, storage, transportation and disposal of
waste and other materials and cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum
releases. We generate and transport hazardous and non-hazardous waste in our
current operations, and we have done so in our former operations. Environmental
liability can extend to previously owned or operated properties, leased
properties and properties owned by third parties, as well as to properties
currently owned and used by us. Environmental liabilities have arisen and may
also arise from claims asserted by adjacent landowners or other third parties
in toxic tort litigation. We have been and may be subject to allegations or
findings to the effect that we have violated, or are strictly liable under,
these laws or regulations. Although, we have appropriately recorded current
and long-term liabilities for known future environmental costs, we could incur
significant costs as a result of any of the foregoing, and we may be required
to incur significant expenses to investigate and remediate known, unknown or
future environmental contamination, which could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Rising Fuel Costs Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Business Fuel
costs constitute a significant portion of our transportation expenses. Diesel
fuel prices are subject to dramatic fluctuations. Significant price increases
may have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Additionally,
fuel prices and supplies are influenced significantly by international
political and economic circumstances. If a fuel supply shortage were to arise
from OPEC production curtailments, a disruption of oil imports or otherwise,
higher fuel prices and any subsequent price increases would, despite our fuel
surcharge programs, materially affect our operating results, financial
condition and liquidity.

The Majority of Our Employees Belong to Labor Unions, and Strikes or Work
Stoppages Could Adversely Affect Our Operations We are a party to collective
bargaining agreements with various labor unions in the United States. Some of
these agreements expire within the next two years. Disputes with regard to the
terms of these agreements or our potential inability to negotiate acceptable
contracts with these unions could result in, among other things, strikes, work
stoppages or other slowdowns by the affected workers. If the unionized workers
were to engage in a strike, work stoppage or other slowdown, or other employees
were to become unionized or the terms and conditions in future labor agreements
were renegotiated, we could experience a significant disruption of our
operations and higher ongoing labor costs.

We May Be Affected by General Economic Conditions Several of the commodities
we transport come from industries with cyclical business operations. As a
result, prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions
affecting the producers and consumers of the commodities carried by us may have
an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity.

Severe Weather Could Result in Significant Business Interruptions and
Expenditures Severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena, including
earthquakes, fires and floods, may cause significant business interruptions and
result in increased costs, increased liabilities and decreased revenues, which
could have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and
liquidity.

We Are Dependent on Two Key Suppliers of Locomotives Due to the capital
intensive nature and sophistication of locomotives, there are strong barriers
to entry for new suppliers. Therefore, if one of these suppliers discontinues
manufacturing locomotives, we could realize a significant increase in the cost
and the potential for reduced availability of the locomotives that are
necessary to our operations.

We May Be Subject to Various Claims and Lawsuits That Could Result in
Significant Expenditures The nature of our business exposes us to the
potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment,
personal injury and property damage, environmental and other matters. Any
material changes to current litigation trends could have a material adverse
effect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity.

We May Be Affected by Future Acts of Terrorism or War or Risk of War 
Terrorist attacks, such as those that occurred on September 11, 2001, any
government response thereto and war or risk of war may adversely affect our
results of

11

Table of Contents 

operations, financial condition, our ability to raise capital or our
future growth. Our rail lines and facilities could be direct targets or
indirect casualties of an act or acts of terror, which could cause significant
business interruption and result in increased costs and liabilities and
decreased revenues and have a material adverse effect on our operating results,
financial condition or liquidity. Any act of terror, retaliatory strike,
sustained military campaign or war or risk of war may have an adverse impact on
our operating results, financial condition and liquidity by causing or
resulting in unpredictable operating or financial conditions, including
disruptions of rail lines, volatility or sustained increase of fuel prices,
fuel shortages, general economic decline and instability or weakness of
financial markets which could restrict our ability to raise capital. In
addition, insurance premiums charged for some or all of the coverages currently
maintained by us could increase dramatically, or certain coverages may not be
available to us in the future.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The
preparation of these financial statements requires estimation and judgment that
affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. We
base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The
following are our critical accounting policies that affect significant areas of
our financial statements and involve judgment and estimates. If these
estimates differ significantly from actual results, the impact on our
Consolidated Financial Statements may be material.

Depreciation The railroad industry is capital intensive. Properties are
carried at cost. Provisions for depreciation are computed principally on the
straight-line method based on estimated service lives of depreciable property.
The lives are calculated using a separate composite annual percentage rate for
each depreciable property group, based on the results of a depreciation study.
We are required to submit a report on depreciation studies and proposed
depreciation rates every three years for equipment property and every six years
for road property, to the Surface Transportation Board for review and approval.
The cost (net of salvage) of depreciable rail property retired or replaced in
the ordinary course of business is charged to accumulated depreciation, and no
gain or loss is recognized. A gain or loss is recognized in other income for
all other property upon disposition. The cost of internally developed software
is capitalized and amortized over a five-year period. An obsolescence review
of capitalized software is performed on a periodic basis.

Capital spending in recent years has increased the total value of our
depreciable assets. Capital spending totaled 1.9 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2003, including non-cash financings of 188 million. In 2003, we
implemented depreciation studies, approved by the Surface Transportation Board,
resulting in lower depreciation expense of 50 million for the year ended
December 31, 2003, due to a reduction in depreciation rates for certain track
assets (effective January 1, 2003), partially offset by increased rates for
locomotives and other assets (effective July 1, 2003). For the year ended
December 31, 2003, depreciation expense was 1.1 billion. Various methods are
used to estimate useful lives for each group of depreciable property. Due to
the capital intensive nature of the business and the large base of depreciable
assets, variances to those estimates could have a material effect on our
Consolidated Financial Statements. If the estimated useful lives of all
depreciable assets were increased by one year, annual depreciation expense
would decrease by 36 million. If the estimated useful lives of all assets to
be depreciated were decreased by one year, annual depreciation expense would
increase by 39 million.

 Environmental We generate and transport hazardous and non-hazardous waste in
our current operations and have done so in our former operations, and we are
subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. We
have identified approximately 417 sites at which we are or may be liable for
remediation costs associated with alleged contamination or for violations of
environmental requirements. This includes 51 sites that are the subject of
actions taken by the U.S. government, 29 of which are currently on the
Superfund National Priorities List. Certain federal legislation imposes joint
and several liability for the remediation of identified sites; consequently,
our ultimate environmental liability may include costs relating to activities
of other parties, in addition to costs relating to our own activities at each
site.

When an environmental issue has been identified with respect to the
property owned, leased or otherwise used in the conduct of our business, we and
our consultants perform environmental assessments on such property. We expense
the cost of the assessments as incurred. We accrue the cost of remediation
where our obligation is probable and such costs can be reasonably estimated.

12

Table of Contents 

The liability includes future costs for remediation and restoration of
sites, as well as for ongoing monitoring costs, but excludes any anticipated
recoveries from third parties. Cost estimates are based on information
available for each site, financial viability of other potentially responsible
parties, and existing technology, laws and regulations. We believe that we have
adequately accrued for our ultimate share of costs at sites subject to joint
and several liability. However, the ultimate liability for remediation is
difficult to determine because of the number of potentially responsible parties
involved, site-specific cost sharing arrangements with other potentially
responsible parties, the degree of contamination by various wastes, the
scarcity and quality of volumetric data related to many of the sites, and/or
the speculative nature of remediation costs. For the year ended December 31,
2003 and 2002, we recorded environmental expenses of 26 million and 37
million, respectively. As of December 31, 2003 and 2002, we had a liability of
 187 million and 188 million, respectively of which 57 million and 71
million were classified as current.

 Income Taxes We account for income taxes by recording taxes payable or
refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial
statements or tax returns.

As required under Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Statement
No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes , these expected future tax consequences
are measured based on provisions of tax law as currently enacted; the effects
of future changes in tax laws are not anticipated. Future tax law changes,
such as a change in the corporate tax rate, could have a material impact on our
financial condition or results of operations.

When appropriate, we record a valuation allowance against deferred tax
assets to offset future tax benefits that may not be realized. In determining
whether a valuation allowance is appropriate, we consider whether it is more
likely than not that all or some portion of our deferred tax assets will not be
realized, based in part upon management s judgments regarding future events.
Based on that analysis, we have determined that a valuation allowance is not
appropriate at December 31, 2003.

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits We provide defined benefit
retirement income to eligible non-union employees through the Corporation s
qualified and non-qualified (supplemental) pension plans. Qualified and
non-qualified pension benefits are based on years of service and the highest
compensation during the latest years of employment with specific reductions
made for early retirements. We also provide other postretirement benefits
(OPEB). All non-union and certain of our union employees participate in the
Corporation s defined contribution medical and life insurance programs for
retirees.

We account for the pension plans in accordance with FASB Statement No. 87,
 Employers Accounting for Pensions (FAS 87) and our postretirement benefits
in accordance with FASB Statement No. 106, Employers Accounting for
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions (FAS 106). FAS 87 and FAS 106
require us to make various estimates and assumptions, including discount rates
used to value liabilities, expected rates of return on plan assets, salary
increases, employee turnover rates, anticipated employee mortality rates and
expected future healthcare costs. The estimates we used are based on our
historical experience, as well as current facts and circumstances and are
updated at least annually. We use third-party actuaries to assist us in
properly measuring the expense and liability associated with these benefits.

 Funded Status The funded status of the pension plans represents the
difference between the fair value of pension assets and the present value of
pension liabilities (projected benefit obligation, or PBO). The PBO is the
present value of benefits earned to date by plan participants, including the
effect of assumed future salary increases. The funded status is impacted by
actual asset returns and cash funding, as well as a year-end discount rate,
which is used to calculate the present value of the projected benefit
obligation. The discount rate we use for this purpose is based on a
hypothetical portfolio of high quality bonds with cash flows matching the
plans expected benefit payments. The OPEB plan is unfunded and funding occurs
as claims are paid. The PBO of the OPEB plan is equal to the accumulated
benefit obligation, as the present value of OPEB liabilities is not affected by
salary increases. The discount rate used in valuing OPEB obligations is equal
to the pension discount rate for both 2003 and 2002.

The following table presents the funded status of the pension and OPEB
plans, as well as the key assumptions that impact the funded status as of
December 31, 2003:

13

Table of Contents 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 Pension Benefits 
 
 OPEB 

Funded status:

Fair Value of Plan Assets

1,520 

Projected Benefit Obligation

(1,804) 

(543) 

Funded status

(284) 

(543) 

Assumptions:

Discount rate

6.50 

6.50 

Salary increase

3.50 

N/A 

Health care cost trend rate:

Current

N/A 

9.0 

Level in 2008

N/A 

5.0 

The following table shows the estimated impact that changes in the assumed
discount rate, salary increase and health care cost trend rate would have had
on our projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2003:

Increase / (Decrease) in Projected Benefit Obligation 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 Pension 
 
 OPEB 

Discount Rate:

0.25 increase

(50) 

(15) 

0.25 decrease

52 

15 

Salary Increase:

0.25 increase

6 

N/A 

0.25 decrease

(5) 

N/A 

Health Care Cost Trend Rate:

1 increase

N/A 

59 

1 decrease

N/A 

(49) 

Cash Contributions We follow FAS 87 rules to record the expense and liability
associated with the pension plans. However, actual cash funding is governed by
employee benefit and tax laws. No cash funding was required for us in 2003.
During 2003, we voluntarily contributed 100 million to the funded pension
plan.

Contributions required subsequent to 2003 are dependent on asset returns
and future discount rates. We do not anticipate minimum pension funding
requirements in 2004. We voluntarily contributed 50 million in January of
2004 to help mitigate any potential required funding in the future. Future
contributions are expected to be funded primarily by cash generated from
operating activities.

Cash funding for OPEB benefits is based on claims paid. Claims paid, net
of retiree contributions, totaled 37 million and 46 million for 2003 and
2002, respectively. Expected claims for 2004 total 35 million, net of
employee contributions.

 Expense Pension expense for 2003 was 15 million, while we recorded pension
income in 2002 of 14 million. OPEB expense for 2003 and 2002 was 43 million
and 45 million, respectively. Both pension and OPEB expense is determined
based upon the annual service cost of benefits (the actuarial cost of benefits
earned during a period) and the interest cost on those liabilities, less the
expected return on pension plan assets (for pension only). With respect to the
value of pension plan assets, the expected long-term rate of return on plan
assets is applied to a calculated value of plan assets that recognizes changes
in fair value over a five-year period. This practice is intended to reduce
year-to-year volatility in pension expense, but it can have the effect of
delaying the recognition of differences between actual returns on assets and
expected returns based on long-term rate of return assumptions. The expected
rate of return on assets was 8 for 2003 and 9 for 2002.

Differences in actual experience in relation to assumptions are not
recognized immediately, but are deferred and, if necessary, amortized as
pension or OPEB expense.

The following table illustrates the estimated impact on 2003 pension and
OPEB expense relative to a change in the discount rate, expected return on plan
assets and health care cost trend rate.

14

Table of Contents 

Increase / (Decrease) in Expense 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 Pension 
 
 OPEB 

Discount Rate:

0.25 increase

(4) 

(2) 

0.25 decrease

1 

1 

Expected Return on Plan Assets:

0.25 increase

(4) 

N/A 

0.25 decrease

4 

N/A 

Health Care Cost Trend Rate:

1 increase

N/A 

10 

1 decrease

N/A 

(9) 

Personal Injury and Occupational Illness The cost of personal injuries to
employees and others related to our activities is charged to expense based on
estimates of the ultimate cost and number of incidents each year. We use third
party actuaries to assist us in properly measuring the expense and liability.
Compensation for work-related accidents is governed by the Federal Employers 
Liability Act (FELA). Under FELA, damages are assessed based on a finding of
fault through litigation or out-of-court settlements. We offer a comprehensive
variety of services and rehabilitation programs for employees who are injured
at work. Annual expenses for our personal injury-related events were 250
million and 221 million in 2003 and 2002, respectively. As of December 31,
2003 and 2002, we had a liability of 615 million and 668 million accrued for
future personal injury costs, respectively, of which 272 million was recorded
in current liabilities as accrued casualty costs in both years. We have
additional amounts accrued for claims related to certain alleged occupational
illnesses. Changes in estimates can vary due to evolving trends in litigation
related to personal injury and occupational illness cases based on large jury
awards and public pressures associated with certain occupational related
injuries.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Millions of Dollars, Except Per Share Amounts 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Income before cumulative effect of accounting change

1,140 

1,374 

Cumulative effect of accounting change

274 

Net income

1,414 

1,374 

Net income as percentage of operating revenues

12.3 

12.4 

Operating margin

18.6 

21.0 

Income Before Cumulative Effect of Accounting Change The decrease in income
before cumulative effect of accounting change in 2003 compared to 2002 was
driven by higher fuel prices, inflation, network costs (including expenses
associated with increased volumes), and lower gains from real estate sales
(2002 asset sales with the Utah Transit Authority (UTA) for 141 million
pre-tax and the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) for 73
million pre-tax), which more than offset revenue gains, lower interest expense
and productivity improvements. Productivity is measured by both gross ton miles
per inflation-adjusted expense dollar and gross ton miles per employee. Gross
ton miles are calculated by multiplying the weight of a loaded or empty freight
car by the number of miles hauled.

Operating Revenues Operating revenue is comprised of commodity revenue and
other revenues. Other revenues primarily include subsidiary revenue from
various companies that are wholly owned or majority owned, revenue from the
Chicago commuter rail operations and accessorial revenue earned due to customer
detainment of Railroad owned or controlled equipment. We recognize commodity
revenues on a percentage-of-completion basis as freight moves from origin to
destination. Other revenue is recognized as service is performed or
contractual obligations are met.

Operating revenues increased 406 million (4 to 11.5 billion in 2003
over 2002. Commodity revenue increased 378 million (4 in 2003. The
increase was driven by growth in the Industrial Products, Agricultural,
Intermodal and Energy commodity groups, including revenue from our fuel
surcharge programs. Revenue carloads increased 1 in 2003,

15

Table of Contents 

while average
revenue per car (referred to as ARC) increased 2 to 1,195 in 2003. Other
revenue increased 28 million (6 in 2003, driven by increased passenger,
subsidiary and accessorial revenues.

The following tables summarize the year-over-year changes in commodity
revenue, revenue carloads and average revenue per car by commodity type:

Commodity Revenue in Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Agricultural

1,578 

1,506 

Automotive

1,216 

1,209 

Chemicals

1,589 

1,575 

Energy

2,412 

2,343 

Industrial Products

2,180 

2,035 

Intermodal

2,066 

1,995 

Total

11,041 

10,663 

Revenue Carloads in Thousands 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Agricultural

883 

875 

Automotive

820 

818 

Chemicals

888 

904 

Energy

2,187 

2,164 

Industrial Products

1,478 

1,419 

Intermodal

2,983 

2,951 

Total

9,239 

9,131 

Average Revenue Per Car 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Agricultural

1,787 

1,722 

Automotive

1,484 

1,477 

Chemicals

1,788 

1,742 

Energy

1,103 

1,083 

Industrial Products

1,475 

1,434 

Intermodal

693 

676 

Total

1,195 

1,168 

Agricultural Revenue in 2003 rose 5 due to a 4 improvement in ARC and a 1 
increase in carloads. The improvement was driven by higher wheat demand for
Gulf exports, in addition to added ethanol shipments resulting from heightened
demand for the fuel additive. Revenue gains were also achieved through
additional shipments of sugar beets due to a favorable crop in 2003 and canned
and packaged foods resulting from additional, longer-haul shipments from the
west coast. ARC
grew due to the positive mix impact of longer average length of haul shipments,
as well as price increases and fuel surcharges.

Automotive Revenue increased 1 in 2003 as a result of a slight rise in both
carloads and ARC. Revenue growth was the result of additional volume due to
market share gains for materials shipments, partially offset by a decline in
revenues from domestic manufacturers, as the softening economy weakened demand
for finished vehicles and forced production cuts. ARC was up slightly in 2003,
as price increases were partially offset by the mix impact of disproportionate
growth in materials shipments, which move at a lower ARC than finished
vehicles.

Chemicals Revenue in 2003 grew 1 , as a 2 decline in carloads was offset by
a 3 increase in ARC. Reduced plastics volume led the decline in carloads as
the soft economy combined with higher input costs caused producers to lower
inventories and reduce shipments. Growth of market demand for domestic and
export soda ash partially offset the decline. ARC improved due to a mix shift
toward longer average length of haul moves, driven by fewer cars in
storage-in-transit, in addition to price increases and fuel surcharges.

16

Table of Contents 

Energy Revenue climbed 3 in 2003. Strong utility demand due to lower
inventories in the last three quarters more than offset the absence of export
traffic from the Colorado and Utah mining regions (which Japan is now sourcing
from other Far Eastern producers), resulting in a 1 increase in carloads.
Fourth quarter carloads were the highest ever from the Southern Powder River
Basin and Colorado and Utah mining regions. During 2003, tonnage moved from the
Southern Powder River Basin was also the highest ever for us. ARC increased
2 , primarily due to index-based contract escalators.

Industrial Products Revenue increased 7 in 2003. Revenue was driven by 3 
growth in ARC and a 4 improvement in carloads, which was attributable to
government, steel and lumber business growth. The increase in government
shipments was driven by movement of military equipment and ammunition in
support of the war effort. Lumber positively impacted carloads, as housing
starts and low interest rates continue to drive demand. Steel and scrap
shipments also increased as the weakening dollar created higher domestic and
export demand for U.S. produced steel, augmented by market share gains. ARC
rose due to price increases, fuel surcharges and more high-ARC lumber moves.

Intermodal Revenue climbed 4 in 2003 driven by a 3 increase in ARC and a 1 
gain in carloads. Carloads were up due to strong imports and improved economic
conditions, as well as the year over year impact of the labor dispute between
the International Longshoreman and Warehouse Union (ILWU) and the Pacific
Maritime Association (PMA) which occurred primarily in the fourth quarter of
2002. ARC improved due to fuel surcharges and price increases.

Mexico Business Included in the commodity revenue reported above is revenue
from shipments to and from Mexico. This revenue grew 2 to 893 million in 2003
compared to 873 million for 2002. Business growth in 2003 was led by market
share gains in auto parts shipments and increased revenue for agricultural
products resulting from higher corn and meal exports, as well as increased beer
imports.

Operating Expenses Operating expenses increased 597 million (7 to 9.4
billion in 2003 compared to 2002. The increase in expenses was due primarily
to higher fuel prices in addition to wage and benefit inflation and
volume-related costs, as gross ton miles increased 3 for the year. A 2 
reduction in employment levels, combined with lower depreciation expense and
cost control efforts partially offset the increase. Cost control efforts are
defined as focused actions to reduce discretionary spending and failure costs.
Expenses in the third
and fourth quarters were also negatively affected by increased crew and asset
utilization costs, associated with a deterioration in network fluidity as
discussed under Other Matters in this Item 7.

Salaries, Wages and Employee Benefits Salaries, wages and employee benefits
were 3.8 billion and 3.6 billion in 2003 and 2002, respectively. The
increase in 2003 of 213 million (6 was driven by the adoption of FASB
Statement No. 143, Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations (FAS 143),
which accounted for 110 million of the increase. Other drivers included
inflation, volume-related costs (driven by a 3 increase in gross ton miles),
protection costs, increased crew utilization costs due to a shortage of
available crews and pension expense. Protection cost represents the
differential payment when the wage earned for active employment is lower than
an employee s protected rate of pay. An individual s protected rate is
imposed by the Surface Transportation Board for employees adversely affected by
a merger or is established by collective bargaining agreements in other cases.

Equipment and Other Rents Equipment and other rents primarily includes rental
expense we pay for freight cars owned by other railroads or private companies;
freight car, intermodal and locomotive leases; other specialty equipped vehicle
leases; and office and other rentals. Expenses decreased 17 million (1 in
2003 compared to 2002. The decrease was due primarily to lower rental prices
for private railcars, partially offset by higher locomotive lease expense and
increased car cycle times driven by higher inventory of cars on the system due
to slower network train speed in the third and fourth quarters. Car cycle time
for equipment and other rents is defined as the average number of accumulated
days that loaded and empty cars from other railroads spend on our system. The
higher locomotive lease expense is attributable to our increased leasing of
new, more reliable and fuel efficient locomotives. These new locomotives
replaced older, non-leased models in the fleet, which helped reduce expenses
for depreciation, labor, materials and fuel during the year.

Depreciation The majority of depreciation relates to track structure,
including rail, ties and other track material. Depreciation expense decreased
 76 million (7 in 2003 from 2002 levels. The decrease was driven by the
adoption of

17

Table of Contents 

FAS 143 as well as the implementation of depreciation studies
approved by the Surface Transportation Board, which resulted in lower
depreciation rates in 2003 for certain track assets, partially offset by
increased rates for locomotives and other assets. Conversely, capital spending
in recent years has increased the total value of depreciable assets, partially
offsetting the favorable impact of FAS 143 and the depreciation studies in
2003.

Fuel and Utilities Fuel and utilities include locomotive fuel, utilities
other than telephone and gasoline and other fuels. Expenses increased 276
million (26 in 2003 over 2002. The increase was driven by fuel prices, which
averaged 92 and 73 cents per gallon in 2003 and 2002, respectively (including
taxes and transportation costs). The higher fuel price in 2003 contributed
 255 million to the increase; however, approximately 44 of these costs were
recovered through our fuel surcharge programs and are included in operating
revenues. A 3 increase in gross ton miles in 2003 resulted in an additional
 25 million in fuel expense. Additionally, we hedged approximately 13 and 42 
of our fuel consumption for 2003 and 2002, in accordance with the Company s
policy applicable to hedging, which decreased fuel costs by 28 million in 2003
and 55 million in 2002.

Materials and Supplies Materials used for the maintenance of our rail lines,
structures and equipment is the principal component of materials and supplies
expense. Office, small tools and other supplies and the costs of freight
services purchased to ship company materials are also included. Expenses
decreased by 51 million (11 in 2003. The lower expense in 2003 was primarily
driven by costs associated with track removal. Additionally, expense decreased
due to fewer locomotives repaired, cost control measures and a shift to more
contracting of locomotive repairs, which resulted in a corresponding increase
to Purchased Services and Other Costs. The reduction was partially offset by
higher costs for locomotive materials.

Casualty Costs The largest component of casualty costs is personal injury
expense. Freight and property damage, insurance, environmental matters and
occupational illness expense are also included in casualty costs. Costs in
2003 increased 51 million (14 ). The increase in 2003 was driven by higher
personal injury expense, insurance costs due to increased premiums and expenses
associated with destruction of foreign equipment. Destruction of foreign
equipment expense is incurred when equipment owned by other railroads is
damaged while in our possession.

Purchased Services and Other Costs Purchased services and other costs include
the costs of services purchased from outside contractors, state and local
taxes, net costs of operating facilities jointly used by us and other
railroads, transportation and lodging for train crew employees, trucking and
contracting costs for intermodal containers, leased automobile maintenance
expenses, telephone and cellular expense, employee travel expense and computer
and other general expenses. Expenses increased 201 million (22 in 2003, as
a result of higher state and local taxes, increased spending for contract
services and joint facility expense. Crew transportation costs and trucking
expenses for intermodal containers also increased due to network performance.
State and local taxes increased primarily as a result of higher income levels
used to assess property taxes. Growth in contract services was primarily driven
by higher costs for contracting of locomotive maintenance (referenced in
Materials and Supplies) and contract-related expenses resulting from the cost
of track removal. Joint facilities costs were up due to reduced haulage
receipts and increased expenses associated with a new joint facility contract.

Operating Income Operating income decreased 191 million (8 to 2.1 billion
in 2003. Revenue growth, productivity gains and lower depreciation expense
were more than offset by higher fuel prices, inflation, volume and resource
utilization costs.

Non-Operating Items Interest expense decreased 49 million (9 in 2003. The
improvement was a result of lower weighted-average debt levels, including
intercompany borrowings, of 6,587 million and 7,117 million in 2003 and 2002,
as well as lower weighted-average interest rates of 7.5 in 2003 and 7.6 in
2002. Other income fell 202 million in 2003. The reduction was primarily a
result of higher 2002 real estate gains (2002 asset sales to the Utah Transit
Authority with a pre-tax value of 141 million and the Santa Clara Valley
Transit Authority with a pre-tax value of 73 million). Income tax expense
decreased 110 million (15 in 2003 versus 2002. The decrease was driven by
lower pre-tax income, which was partially offset by a tax adjustment recognized
in 2002 for prior years income tax examinations.

18

Table of Contents 

OTHER MATTERS 

Intercompany Relationship with UPC At December 31, 2003 and 2002, we had 972
million and 904 million working capital deficit balances, respectively,
relating to UPC s management of our cash position. As part of UPC s cash
management activities, we advance excess cash (cash available after satisfying
all of our obligations and paying dividends to UPC) to UPC. We declare and pay
dividends to UPC which typically approximate the dividends that UPC declares to
its shareholders; however, there is no formal requirement to do so. The
dividend declaration between us and UPC is determined solely by our Board of
Directors. To the extent we require additional cash for use in our operations,
UPC makes such funds available to us for borrowing. Transactions between UPC
and us are treated as net intercompany borrowings in the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.

The majority of our intercompany borrowings from UPC relate to the
acquisitions of the Chicago and North Western Transportation Company and
Southern Pacific Rail Corporation which were funded by UPC on our behalf. We
assumed these acquisition costs in the form of intercompany borrowings from
UPC. The intercompany borrowings accrue interest at an annual rate of 7.5 ,
which may be adjusted from time to time, and are payable on demand. There are
no restrictions on the amount we are able to borrow from UPC. Intercompany
borrowings are unsecured and rank equally with all of our other unsecured
indebtedness.

UPC provides us with various services, including strategic planning,
legal, treasury, accounting, auditing, insurance, human resources and corporate
affairs. In 2003, pursuant to a services agreement, UPC will continue to
provide services to us, and we will pay UPC its share of the costs as
determined by an independent review. Billings for these services were 58
million for the year ended December 31, 2003.

 Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges For the years ended December 31, 2003 and
2002, our ratio of earnings to fixed charges was 3.7 and 3.9, respectively.
The ratio of earnings to fixed charges is based on continuing operations.
Earnings represent income before cumulative effect of accounting change, less
equity in undistributed earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, plus fixed
charges and income taxes. Fixed charges represent interest charges,
amortization of debt discount and the estimated amount representing the
interest portion of rental charges. The change in our ratio is due primarily
to the changes in our income from continuing operations.

Inflation The cumulative effect of long periods of inflation has
significantly increased asset replacement costs for capital-intensive
companies. As a result, assuming that all operating assets are replaced at
current price levels, depreciation charges (on an inflation-adjusted basis)
would be substantially greater than historically reported amounts.

Derivative Financial Instruments We use derivative financial instruments in
limited instances for other than trading purposes to manage risk related to
changes in fuel prices. We are not a party to leveraged derivatives and, by
policy, do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.
Financial instruments qualifying for hedge accounting must maintain a specified
level of effectiveness between the hedging instrument and the item being
hedged, both at inception and throughout the hedged period. We formally
document the nature and relationships between the hedging instruments and
hedged items, as well as our risk-management objectives, strategies for
undertaking the various hedge transactions and method of assessing hedge
effectiveness. We use swaps, collars, futures and/or forward contracts to
mitigate the downside risk of adverse price movements and hedge the exposure to
variable cash flows. The use of these instruments also limits future gains
from favorable movements. The purpose of these programs is to protect our
operating margins and overall profitability from adverse fuel price changes.

Market and Credit Risk We address market risk related to derivative financial
instruments by selecting instruments with value fluctuations that highly
correlate with the underlying item being hedged. Credit risk related to
derivative financial instruments, which is minimal, is managed by requiring
high credit standards for counterparties and periodic settlements. At December
31, 2003 we have not been required to provide collateral, nor have we received
collateral relating to our hedging activities.

In addition, we enter into secured financings in which the debtor has
pledged collateral. The collateral is based upon the nature of the financing
and the credit risk of the debtor. We generally are not permitted to sell or
repledge the collateral unless the debtor defaults.

19

Table of Contents 

Determination of Fair Value The fair values of our derivative financial
instrument positions at December 31, 2003 and 2002 were determined based upon
current fair values as quoted by recognized dealers or developed based upon the
swap spread.

Sensitivity Analyses The sensitivity analyses that follow illustrate the
economic effect that hypothetical changes in interest rates or fuel prices
could have on our results of operations and financial condition. These
hypothetical changes do not consider other factors that could impact actual
results.

Interest Rates At December 31, 2003 and 2002, we had variable-rate debt
representing approximately 1 of our total debt for both years. If variable
interest rates average one percentage point higher in 2004 than our December
31, 2003 variable rate, which was approximately 3 , our interest expense would
increase by less than 1 million. If variable interest rates averaged one
percentage point higher in 2003 than our 2002 annual variable rate, which was
approximately 3 , our interest expense would have increased by less than 1
million. This amount was determined by considering the impact of the
hypothetical interest rates on the balances of our variable-rate debt at
December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

Market risk for fixed-rate debt is estimated as the potential increase in
fair value resulting from a hypothetical one percentage point decrease in
interest rates as of December 31, 2003, and amounts to approximately 201
million at December 31, 2003. Market risk resulting from a hypothetical one
percentage point decrease in interest rates as of December 31, 2002, amounted
to approximately 198 million at December 31, 2002. The fair values of our
fixed-rate debt were estimated by considering the impact of the hypothetical
interest rates on quoted market prices and current borrowing rates.

 Fuel Fuel costs are a significant portion of our total operating expenses.
As a result of the significance of fuel costs and the historical volatility of
fuel prices, we periodically use swaps, collars, futures and/or forward
contracts, as well as our fuel surcharge programs, to mitigate the impact of
adverse fuel price changes.

As of December 31, 2003, collars are in place for 9 of expected fuel
consumption for 2004. The collars have a floor of 0.64, a cap of 0.74 and a
ceiling of 0.86 per gallon, excluding taxes, transportation costs and regional
pricing spreads. As of December 31, 2003, we had no outstanding hedges for
2005. Based on annualized fuel consumption during 2003, and excluding the
impact of the hedging program, each one-cent increase in the price of fuel
would have resulted in approximately 8 million of additional fuel expense,
after tax.

As of December 31, 2002, we hedged approximately 7 of our forecasted 2003
fuel consumption using fuel swaps at 0.58 per gallon, excluding taxes,
transportation costs and regional pricing spreads.

 Accounting Pronouncements In December 2003, the FASB published a revision to
FASB Interpretation No. 46 Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities (FIN
46) to clarify some of the provisions and to exempt certain entities from its
requirements. Under the new guidance, special effective date provisions apply
to enterprises that have fully or partially applied FIN 46 prior to issuance of
the revised interpretation. We adopted FIN 46 in June of 2003. The revision
did not require us to modify our accounting related to the implementation of
FIN 46.

Network Performance Our network performance and operating efficiency were
adversely affected in the third and fourth quarters by a shortage of trainmen
and engineers, combined with an expanded summer track maintenance program and
fourth quarter record-level volumes. Additional operating expenses were
incurred as crew utilization costs and car cycle times increased due to slower
network train speed. As discussed under Operating Expenses in this Item 7,
labor, rent expense and other costs were affected by our network performance.
Programs have been put in place, which we believe should remedy the situation,
including, among other things, hiring and training additional employees and
accelerating certain locomotive acquisitions.

Commitments and Contingencies There are various claims and lawsuits pending
against us and certain of our subsidiaries. We are also subject to various
federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, pursuant to which
we are currently participating in the investigation and remediation of various
sites.

20

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY INFORMATION 

Certain statements in this report are, and statements in other material filed
or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (as well as
information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to
be made by us) are, or will be, forward-looking statements as defined by the
Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These
forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding:
expectations as to operational improvements; expectations as to cost savings,
revenue growth and earnings; the time by which certain objectives will be
achieved; estimates of costs relating to environmental remediation and
restoration; proposed new products and services; expectations that claims,
lawsuits, environmental costs, commitments, contingent liabilities, labor
negotiations or agreements, or other matters will not have a material adverse
effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or
liquidity; and statements concerning projections, predictions, expectations,
estimates or forecasts as to our business, financial and operational results,
and future economic performance, statements of management s goals and
objectives and other similar expressions concerning matters that are not
historical facts.

Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future
performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the
times that, or by which, such performance or results will be achieved.
Forward-looking information is based on information available at the time
and/or management s good faith belief with respect to future events, and is
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or
results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements.

The following important factors, in addition to those discussed in Risk
Factors in Item 7, could affect our future results and could cause those
results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied
in the forward-looking statements:

whether we are fully successful in implementing our financial
and operational initiatives, including gaining new customers and
retaining existing ones, along with containment of operating costs; 

material adverse changes in economic and industry conditions,
both within the United States and globally; 

the effects of adverse general economic conditions affecting
customer demand and the industries and geographic areas that produce
and consume commodities carried by us; 

industry competition, conditions, performance and
consolidation; 

general legislative and regulatory developments, including
possible enactment of initiatives to re-regulate the rail industry; 

legislative, regulatory, or legal developments involving
taxation, including enactment of new federal or state income tax
rates, revisions of controlling authority, and the outcome of tax
claims and litigation; 

changes in securities and capital markets; 

natural events such as severe weather, fire, floods,
earthquakes or other disruptions of our operating systems,
structures and equipment; 

any adverse economic or operational repercussions from
terrorist activities and any governmental response thereto; 

war or risk of war; 

changes in fuel prices; 

changes in labor costs and labor difficulties, including
stoppages affecting either our operations or our customers 
abilities to deliver goods to us for shipment; and 

21

Table of Contents 

the outcome of claims and litigation, including those related
to environmental contamination, personal injuries and occupational
illnesses arising from hearing loss, repetitive motion and exposure
to asbestos and diesel fumes. 

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statement was
made. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking information to reflect
actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting
forward-looking information. If we do update one or more forward-looking
statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates
with respect thereto or with respect to other forward-looking statements.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Information concerning market risk sensitive instruments is set forth under
Management s Narrative Analysis of the Results of Operations Other Matters,
Item 7.

22

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page 

Independent Auditors Report 

24 

Consolidated Statements of Income

For the Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 

25 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Position

At December 31, 2003 and 2002 

26 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

For the Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 

27 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Shareholders Equity

For the Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 

28 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

29 

23

Table of Contents 

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS REPORT 

To the Board of Directors 
Union Pacific Railroad Company 
Omaha, Nebraska

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position
of Union Pacific Railroad Company (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Union
Pacific Corporation) and Consolidated Subsidiary and Affiliate Companies (the
Company) as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the related consolidated
statements of income, changes in common shareholders equity and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2003. Our audits also
included the consolidated financial statement schedule listed in the Table of
Contents at Part IV, Item 15. These consolidated financial statements and
consolidated financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial statement schedule
based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Union Pacific Railroad Company
and Consolidated Subsidiary and Affiliate Companies at December 31, 2003 and
2002, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2003, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Also, in our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedule, when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as
a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein.

As discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company changed its method of accounting for asset retirement obligations in
2003.

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP

Omaha, Nebraska 
February 6, 2004

24

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Union Pacific Railroad Company and Consolidated Subsidiary and Affiliate Companies 

Millions of Dollars, for the Years Ended December 31, 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Operating revenues

11,509 

11,103 

10,800 

Operating expenses:

Salaries, wages and employee benefits

3,803 

3,590 

3,514 

Equipment and other rents

1,218 

1,235 

1,211 

Depreciation

1,063 

1,139 

1,120 

Fuel and utilities

1,341 

1,065 

1,249 

Materials and supplies

413 

464 

473 

Casualty costs

411 

360 

328 

Purchased services and other costs

1,118 

917 

824 

Total operating expenses

9,367 

8,770 

8,719 

Operating income

2,142 

2,333 

2,081 

Other income

119 

321 

174 

Interest expense

(492) 

(541) 

(584) 

Income before income taxes

1,769 

2,113 

1,671 

Income taxes

(629) 

(739) 

(613) 

Income before cumulative effect of accounting change

1,140 

1,374 

1,058 

Cumulative effect of accounting change, net of income tax expense of 167

274 

Net income

1,414 

1,374 

1,058 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

25

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 Union Pacific Railroad Company and Consolidated Subsidiary and Affiliate Companies 

Millions of Dollars, as of December 31, 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Assets 

Current assets:

Cash and temporary investments

154 

110 

Accounts receivable, net

473 

529 

Inventories

267 

277 

Current deferred income taxes

184 

281 

Other current assets

181 

189 

Total current assets

1,259 

1,386 

Investments:

Investments in and advances to affiliated companies

688 

649 

Other investments

37 

49 

Total investments

725 

698 

Properties:

Road and other

30,635 

29,370 

Equipment

7,649 

7,451 

Total cost

38,284 

36,821 

Accumulated depreciation

(8,022) 

(7,841) 

Net properties

30,262 

28,980 

Other assets

295 

250 

Total assets

32,541 

31,314 

Liabilities and Common Shareholders Equity 

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

502 

416 

Accrued wages and vacation

359 

362 

Accrued casualty costs

385 

403 

Income and other taxes

247 

226 

Debt due within one year

167 

275 

Interest payable

73 

71 

Other current liabilities

498 

537 

Total current liabilities

2,231 

2,290 

Intercompany borrowings from UPC

4,372 

4,464 

Third-party debt due after one year

1,998 

1,984 

Deferred income taxes

9,287 

8,823 

Accrued casualty costs

595 

658 

Retiree benefits obligation

678 

888 

Other long-term liabilities

319 

333 

Redeemable preference shares

16 

18 

Commitments and contingencies

Common shareholders equity

13,045 

11,856 

Total liabilities and common shareholders equity

32,541 

31,314 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

26

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Union Pacific Railroad Company and Consolidated Subsidiary and Affiliate Companies 

Millions of Dollars, for the Years Ended December 31, 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Operating Activities 

Net income

1,414 

1,374 

1,058 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
provided by operating activities:

Cumulative effect of accounting change

(274) 

Depreciation

1,063 

1,139 

1,120 

Deferred income taxes

378 

529 

428 

Cash paid to fund pension plan

(100) 

(100) 

Other, net

(467) 

(316) 

(432) 

Changes in current assets and liabilities, net

123 

(307) 

(150) 

Cash provided by operating activities

2,137 

2,319 

2,024 

Investing Activities 

Capital investments

(1,749) 

(1,691) 

(1,563) 

Proceeds from asset sales

150 

409 

317 

Other investing activities, net

126 

(52) 

(133) 

Cash used in investing activities

(1,473) 

(1,334) 

(1,379) 

Financing Activities 

Dividends paid to parent

(251) 

(205) 

(200) 

Debt repaid

(279) 

(219) 

(368) 

Advances to affiliates

(92) 

(539) 

(78) 

Financings

2 

1 

Cash used in financing activities

(620) 

(962) 

(646) 

Net change in cash and temporary investments

44 

23 

(1) 

Cash and temporary investments at beginning of year

110 

87 

88 

Cash and temporary investments at end of year

154 

110 

87 

Changes in Current Assets and Liabilities, Net 

Accounts receivable, net

56 

(89) 

(47) 

Inventories

10 

(27) 

97 

Other current assets

8 

(44) 

(24) 

Accounts, wages and vacation payable

83 

(71) 

(97) 

Other current liabilities

(34) 

(76) 

(79) 

Total

123 

(307) 

(150) 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Non-cash transactions:

Non-cash locomotive lease financings

188 

126 

124 

Cash paid during the year for:

Interest

490 

549 

595 

Income taxes, net

204 

278 

111 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

27

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Union Pacific Railroad Company and Consolidated Subsidiary and Affiliate Companies 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Minimum Pension 
 
 Foreign Currency 

Common 
 
 Class A 
 
 Paid-in- 
 
 Retained 
 
 Liability 
 
 Translation 
 
 Derivative 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 Stock a 
 
 Stock b 
 
 Surplus 
 
 Earnings 
 
 Adjustments 
 
 Adjustments 
 
 Adjustments 
 
 Total 
 
 Total 

Balance at January 1, 2001

4,782 

5,197 

(2) 

2 

9,979 

Net income

1,058 

1,058 

Other comprehensive income c 

(5) 

1 

(7) 

(11) 

(11) 

Comprehensive income

1,047 

Dividends declared

(200) 

(200) 

Balance at December 31, 2001

4,782 

6,055 

(7) 

3 

(7) 

(11) 

10,826 

Net income

1,374 

1,374 

Other comprehensive income
(loss) c 

(141) 

(12) 

14 

(139) 

(139) 

Comprehensive income

1,235 

Dividends declared

(205) 

(205) 

Balance at December 31, 2002

4,782 

7,224 

(148) 

(9) 

7 

(150) 

11,856 

Net income

1,414 

1,414 

Other comprehensive income
(loss) c 

39 

(9) 

(4) 

26 

26 

Comprehensive income

1,440 

Dividends declared

(251) 

(251) 

Balance at December 31, 2003

4,782 

8,387 

(109) 

(18) 

3 

(124) 

13,045 

a Common stock 10.00 par value: 9,200 shares authorized; 4,465 outstanding
(see note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

b Class A stock, 10.00 par value: 800 shares authorized, 388 outstanding. 

c Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of 16, (85) and (6) in
2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

28

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Union Pacific Railroad Company and Consolidated Subsidiary and Affiliate ompanies 

 For purposes of this report, unless the context otherwise requires, all
references herein to the Company , we , us , and our mean Union Pacific
Railroad Company.

Significant Accounting Policies 

Principles of Consolidation The Consolidated Financial Statements include the
accounts of Union Pacific Railroad Company, a Delaware corporation, and all of
its subsidiaries and certain affiliates (collectively, the Company, UPRR or the
Railroad). The Company is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Union Pacific
Corporation, a Utah corporation (the Corporation or UPC). Investments in
affiliated companies (20 to 50 owned) are accounted for using the equity
method of accounting. All significant intercompany transactions are
eliminated.

Cash and Temporary Investments Temporary investments are stated at cost which
approximates fair value and consist of investments with original maturities of
three months or less.

Inventories Inventories consist of materials and supplies carried at the
lower of average cost or market.

Property and Depreciation Properties are carried at cost. Provisions for
depreciation are computed principally on the straight-line method based on
estimated service lives of depreciable property. The cost (net of salvage) of
depreciable rail property retired or replaced in the ordinary course of
business is charged to accumulated depreciation, and no gain or loss is
recognized. A gain or loss is recognized in other income for all other
property upon disposition. The cost of internally developed software is
capitalized and amortized over a five-year period. An obsolescence review of
capitalized software is performed on a periodic basis.

Impairment of Long-lived Assets We review long-lived assets, including
identifiable intangibles, for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable. If impairment indicators are present and the estimated future
undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the long-lived
assets, the carrying value is reduced to the estimated fair value as measured
by the discounted cash flows.

Revenue Recognition We recognize commodity revenues on a
percentage-of-completion basis as freight moves from origin to destination.
Other revenue is recognized as service is performed or contractual obligations
are met.

Translation of Foreign Currency Our portion of the assets and liabilities
related to foreign investments are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange
rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are
translated at the average rates of exchange prevailing during the year.
Unrealized adjustments are reflected within shareholders equity as accumulated
other comprehensive income or loss . Transaction gains and losses related to
intercompany accounts are not significant.

Financial Instruments The carrying value of our non-derivative financial
instruments approximates fair value. The fair value of financial instruments
is generally determined by reference to market values as quoted by recognized
dealers or developed based upon the present value of expected future cash flows
discounted at the applicable swap spread.

We periodically use derivative financial instruments, for other than
trading purposes, to manage risk related to changes in fuel prices.

Stock-Based Compensation We participate in UPC s stock incentive programs.
At December 31, 2003, the Corporation had several stock-based employee
compensation plans, which are described more fully in note 9. We account for
those plans under the recognition and measurement principles of APB Opinion No.
25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" , and related Interpretations.
No stock-based employee compensation expense, related to stock option grants,
is reflected in net income as all options granted under those plans had an
exercise price equal to the market value of the underlying common stock on the
date of grant. Stock-based employee compensation expense related

29

Table of Contents 

to restricted
stock, units and other incentive plans is reflected in net income. The
following table illustrates the effect on net income if we had applied the fair
value recognition provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
Statement No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" , to stock-based
employee compensation.

Year Ended December 31, 

Millions of Dollars, Except Per Share Amounts 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Net income, as reported

1,414 

1,374 

1,058 

Stock-based employee compensation expense
included in reported net income, net of tax

17 

8 

5 

Total stock-based employee compensation
expense determined under fair value based
method for all awards, net of tax

(31) 

(22) 

(24) 

Pro forma net income

1,400 

1,360 

1,039 

Use of Estimates Our Consolidated Financial Statements include estimates and
assumptions regarding certain assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and
the disclosure of certain contingent assets and liabilities. Actual future
results may differ from such estimates.

Income Taxes We account for income taxes in accordance with FASB Statement
No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes . The objectives of accounting for income
taxes are: (1) to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the
current year; and (2) to recognize the future tax consequences (deferred taxes)
associated with items of income or expense that are reported in an entity s
financial statements in different time periods than its tax returns. Deferred
taxes are measured using current tax law; future changes in tax laws are not
anticipated, but such future changes could have a material impact on our
financial condition or our results of operations.

Pension and Postretirement Benefits We incur certain employment-related
expenses associated with pensions and postretirement health benefits. In order
to measure the expense associated with these benefits, we must make various
estimates including discount rates used to value certain liabilities, expected
return on plan assets used to fund these expenses, salary increases, employee
turnover rates, anticipated mortality rates and expected future healthcare
costs. The estimates used by us are based on our historical experience as well
as current facts and circumstances. We use third-party actuaries to assist us
in properly measuring the expense and liability associated with these benefits.
Actual results that vary from the previously mentioned assumptions could have a
material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.

Personal Injury The cost of injuries to employees and others on our property
is charged to expense based on estimates of the ultimate cost and number of
incidents each year. We use third party actuaries to assist us in properly
measuring the expense and liability.

Environmental When environmental issues have been identified with respect to
the property owned, leased or otherwise used in the conduct of our business, we
and our consultants perform environmental assessments on such property. We
expense the cost of the assessments as incurred. We accrue the cost of
remediation where our obligation is probable and such costs can be reasonably
estimated.

Differences in Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Surface
Transportation Board (STB) Accounting STB accounting rules require that
railroads accrue the cost of removing track structure over the expected useful
life of these assets. Railroads historically used this prescribed accounting
for reports filed with both the STB and SEC. In August 2001, the FASB issued
Statement No. 143, Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations (FAS 143).
This statement was effective for us beginning January 1, 2003, and prohibits
the accrual of removal costs unless there is a legal obligation to remove the
track structure at the end of its life. We concluded that we did not have a
legal obligation to remove the track structure, and therefore, under generally
accepted accounting principles, we could not accrue the cost of removal in
advance. As a result, reports filed with the SEC will reflect the expense of
removing these assets in the period in which they are removed.

Change in Presentation Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to
conform to the 2003 Consolidated Financial Statement presentation. These
reclassifications had no effect on previously reported operating income or net
income.

30

Table of Contents 

1. Operations 

We are a Class I railroad that operates in the United States. Our operating
results have included Southern Pacific Rail Corporation since October 1996. In
addition, during 1997, we acquired an ownership interest in a consortium, which
was granted a 50-year concession to operate the Pacific-North and Chihuahua
Pacific lines in Mexico. We made an additional investment in the consortium in
1999 and currently hold a 26 ownership interest in the consortium.

We have approximately 33,000 route miles linking Pacific Coast and Gulf
Coast ports with the Midwest and eastern United States gateways and providing
several north/south corridors to key Mexican gateways. We serve the western
two-thirds of the country and maintain coordinated schedules with other rail
carriers for the handling of freight to and from the Atlantic Coast, the
Pacific Coast, the Southeast, the Southwest, Canada and Mexico. Export and
import traffic is moved through Gulf Coast and Pacific Coast ports and across
the Mexican and Canadian borders. Railroad freight is comprised of six
commodity groups (percent of total commodity revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2003): agricultural (14 ), automotive (11 ), chemicals (14 ),
energy (22 ), industrial products (20 and intermodal (19 ).

 Employees Approximately 86 of our 46,000 full time equivalent employees are
represented by 14 major rail unions. National negotiations under the Railway
Labor Act to revise the national labor agreements for all crafts began in late
1999.

In May 2001, the Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way Employees (BMWE)
ratified an agreement, which included provisions for wage increases (based on
the consumer price index) and progressive employee health and welfare cost
sharing rates.

In August 2002, the carriers reached an agreement with the United
Transportation Union (UTU) that incorporated wage increases. The agreement
also provided for the operation of remote control locomotives by trainmen that
was challenged by the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers (BLE). A January
2003 arbitration decision held that the operation of remote control locomotives
in terminals does not violate the BLE agreement. In November 2003, agreement
was
reached with the UTU on employee health and welfare cost sharing rates and
plan design changes.

In November 2002, the International Brotherhood of Boilermakers and
Blacksmiths (IBB) reached an agreement that incorporated wage increases.

In January 2003, an arbitration award was rendered establishing wage
increases and employee health and welfare cost sharing rates for the
Transportation Communications International Union (TCU). Health and welfare
plan design changes were also part of the TCU agreement.

Other settled agreements that incorporated wage increases and employee
health and welfare cost sharing rates combined with plan design changes include
the Brotherhood of Railway Signalmen (BRS) in September 2003 and the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers (BLE) in December 2003. Contract
discussions with the remaining unions are either in negotiation or mediation.

All settlements previously discussed include a five year contract period,
expiring December 31, 2004.

Effective January 2004, the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers merged
with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters (IBT). The BLE has changed its
name to the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen (BLET).

 Competition We are subject to competition from other railroads, motor
carriers and barge operators. Our main rail competitor is Burlington Northern
Santa Fe Corporation. Its rail subsidiary, The Burlington Northern and Santa
Fe Railway Company, operates parallel routes in many of our main traffic
corridors. In addition, our operations are conducted in corridors served by
other competing railroads and by motor carriers. Motor carrier competition is
particularly strong with respect to five of our six commodity groups (excluding
energy), due to shorter delivery times offered by such carriers. Because of
the proximity of our routes to major inland and Gulf Coast waterways, barge
competition can be particularly pronounced, especially for grain and bulk
commodities. Competition can pressure both transit time requirements and
pricing, as well as place a greater emphasis on the quality and reliability of
the service provided. While we must build or acquire and maintain our rail
system, trucks and barges are able to use public rights-of-way maintained by
public entities. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing
the quality of these alternative modes of transportation in the locations in
which we operate, or legislation granting materially greater latitude

31

Table of Contents 

for motor
carriers with respect to size or weight limitations, could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Equipment Suppliers We are dependent on two key suppliers of locomotives.
Due to the capital intensive nature and sophistication of this equipment and
its production, there are strong barriers of entry to potential new suppliers.
Therefore, if one of these suppliers discontinues manufacturing locomotives, we
could realize a significant increase in the cost and the potential for reduced
availability of the locomotives that are necessary to our operations.

2. Transactions with Affiliates 

At December 31, 2003 and 2002, we had 972 million and 904 million working
capital deficit balances, respectively, relating to UPC s management of our
cash position. As part of UPC s cash management activities, we advance excess
cash (cash available after satisfying all of our obligations and paying
dividends to UPC) to UPC. We declare and pay dividends to UPC which typically
approximate the dividends that UPC declares to its shareholders; however, there
is no formal requirement to do so. The dividend declaration between us and UPC
is determined solely by our Board of Directors. To the extent we require
additional cash for use in our operations, UPC makes such funds available to us
for borrowing. Transactions between UPC and us are treated as net intercompany
borrowings in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

The majority of our intercompany borrowings from UPC relate to the
acquisitions of the Chicago and North Western Transportation Company and
Southern Pacific Rail Corporation which were funded by UPC on our behalf. We
assumed these acquisition costs in the form of intercompany borrowings from
UPC. The intercompany borrowings accrue interest at an annual rate of 7.5 ,
which may be adjusted from time to time, and are payable on demand. There are
no restrictions on the amount we are able to borrow from UPC. Intercompany
borrowings are unsecured and rank equally with all of our other unsecured
indebtedness.

UPC provides us with various services, including strategic planning,
legal, treasury, accounting, auditing, insurance, human resources and corporate
affairs. In 2003, pursuant to a services agreement, UPC will continue to
provide services to us, and we will pay UPC its share of the costs as
determined by an independent review. Billings for these services were 58
million for the year ended December 31, 2003.

3. Financial Instruments 

Strategy and Risk We use derivative financial instruments in limited
instances for other than trading purposes to manage risk related to changes in
fuel prices. We are not a party to leveraged derivatives and, by policy, do
not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. Financial
instruments qualifying for hedge accounting must maintain a specified level of
effectiveness between the hedging instrument and the item being hedged, both at
inception and throughout the hedged period. We formally document the nature
and relationships between the hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as
our risk-management objectives, strategies for undertaking the various hedge
transactions and method of assessing hedge effectiveness. We use swaps,
collars, futures and/or forward contracts to mitigate the downside risk of
adverse price movements and hedge the exposure to variable cash flows. The use
of these instruments also limits future benefits from favorable movements. The
purpose of these programs is to protect our operating margins and overall
profitability from adverse fuel price changes.

Market and Credit Risk We address market risk related to derivative financial
instruments by selecting instruments with value fluctuations that highly
correlate with the underlying hedged item. Credit risk related to derivative
financial instruments, which is minimal, is managed by requiring high credit
standards for counterparties and periodic settlements. At December 31, 2003, we
had not been required to provide collateral, nor have we received collateral
relating to our hedging activities.

In addition, we enter into secured financings in which the debtor has
pledged collateral. The collateral is based upon the nature of the financing
and the credit risk of the debtor. We generally are not permitted to sell or
repledge the collateral unless the debtor defaults.

32

Table of Contents 

Determination of Fair Value The fair values of our derivative financial
instrument positions at December 31, 2003 and 2002, were determined based upon
current fair values as quoted by recognized dealers or developed based upon the
swap spread.

Fuel Strategy Fuel costs are a significant portion of our total operating
expenses. As a result of the significance of fuel costs and the historical
volatility of fuel prices, we periodically use swaps, collars, futures and/or
forward contracts, as well as our fuel surcharge programs, to mitigate the
impact of adverse fuel price changes.

The following is a summary of our derivative financial instruments for
continuing operations at December 31, 2003 and 2002:

Millions, Except Percentages and Average Commodity Prices 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Fuel hedging:

Swaps and swaptions:

Number of gallons hedged for 2002 a 

552 

Average price of 2002 hedges (per gallon) b 

0.56 

Number of gallons hedged for 2003 c 

145 

88 

Average price of 2003 hedges outstanding (per gallon) b 

0.63 

0.58 

Collars:

Number of gallons hedged for 2003

22 

Average cap price for 2003 collars outstanding b 

0.77 

Average floor price for 2003 collars outstanding b 

0.67 

Average ceiling price for 2003 collars outstanding b .

0.88 

Number of gallons hedged for 2004

120 

Average cap price for 2004 collars outstanding b 

0.74 

Average floor price for 2004 collars outstanding b 

0.64 

Average ceiling price for 2004 collars outstanding b .

0.86 

a Fuel hedges which were in effect during 2002. 

b Excludes taxes, transportation costs and regional pricing spreads. 

c Fuel hedges which were in effect during 2003. These hedges expired December 31, 2003. 

The fair value asset and liability positions of our outstanding derivative
financial instruments at December 31, 2003 and 2002 were as follows:

Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Fuel hedging:

Gross fair value asset position

6 

12 

Gross fair value (liability) position

Total fair value asset (liability) position, net

6 

12 

Fuel hedging positions will be reclassified from accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) to fuel expense over the life of the hedge as fuel
is consumed.

Our use of derivative financial instruments had the following impact on
pre-tax income for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001:

Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Decrease (increase) in fuel expense from fuel hedging

28 

36 

(14) 

Decrease (increase) in fuel expense from fuel swaptions

19 

(6) 

Decrease (increase) in operating expenses

28 

55 

(20) 

Increase (decrease) in other income, net from fuel swaptions

5 

(18) 

Increase (decrease) in pre-tax income

28 

60 

(38) 

33

Table of Contents 

Fair Value of Debt Instruments The fair value of our long-term and short-term
debt has been estimated using quoted market prices, where available, or current
borrowing rates. At December 31, 2003 and 2002, the fair value of total debt
exceeded the carrying value by approximately 247 million and 323 million,
respectively. At December 31, 2003 and 2002, approximately 262 million and
 251 million, respectively, of fixed-rate debt securities contain call
provisions that allow us to retire the debt instruments prior to final
maturity, with the payment of fixed call premiums, or in certain cases, at par.

Sale of Receivables We have sold without recourse on a 364-day revolving
basis, an undivided interest in a designated pool of accounts receivable to
investors through Union Pacific Receivables, Inc. (UPRI), a bankruptcy-remote
subsidiary. At December 31, 2003 and 2002, UPRI had transferred 695 million
and 667 million, respectively, of accounts receivable to the investors. UPRI
subsequently sells an interest in such pool to the investors and retains an
undivided interest in a portion of these receivables. This retained interest is
included in accounts receivable in our Consolidated Financial Statements. At
December 31, 2003 and 2002, UPRI had a retained interest of 105 million and
 67 million, respectively. The outstanding undivided interest held by investors
of 590 million and 600 million at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively,
is sold at carrying value, which approximates fair value, and there is no gain
or loss recognized from the transaction. These sold receivables are no longer
included in our Consolidated Financial Statements.

On August 7, 2003, the program was renewed for one year with a capacity to
sell to the investors an undivided interest in accounts receivable of 600
million. The amount of receivables sold fluctuates based upon the availability
of the amount of receivables eligible for sale and is directly affected by
changing business volumes and credit risks, including default and dilution. If
default or dilution percentages were to increase one percentage point, the
amount of receivables available for sale would decrease by 6 million. Should
UPC s credit rating fall below investment grade, the amount of receivables sold
would be reduced, and, in certain cases, the investors have the right to
discontinue this reinvestment.

We have been designated by the investors to service the sold receivables;
however, no servicing asset or liability has been recognized as the servicing
fees adequately compensate us for our responsibilities. The costs of the sale
of receivables program are included in other income and were 10 million, 13
million and 27 million in 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively. The costs include
interest, program fees paid to banks, commercial paper issuing costs, and fees
for unused commitment availability. Payments collected from sold receivables
can be reinvested in new receivables on behalf of the buyers. Proceeds from
collections reinvested in the program were approximately 11 billion in both
2003 and 2002.

In January 2004, UPRI reduced the outstanding undivided interest held by
investors by 30 million to 560 million, due to a decrease in available
receivables at December 31, 2003.

4. Income Taxes 

We are included in the consolidated income tax return of the Corporation. The
consolidated income tax liability of the Corporation is allocated among the
parent and its subsidiaries on the basis of the separate contributions to the
consolidated income tax liability, with the benefit of tax losses and credits
utilized in consolidation allocated to the companies generating such losses and
credits.

34

Table of Contents 

Components of income tax expense were as follows for the years ended
December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001:

Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Current:

Federal

208 

193 

175 

State

43 

17 

10 

Total current

251 

210 

185 

Deferred:

Federal

396 

466 

378 

State

(18) 

63 

50 

Total deferred

378 

529 

428 

Total

629 

739 

613 

Deferred income tax liabilities (assets) were comprised of the following
at December 31, 2003 and 2002:

Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Net current deferred income tax asset

(184) 

(281) 

Property

8,525 

8,168 

State taxes, net

655 

653 

Other

107 

2 

Net long-term deferred income tax liability

9,287 

8,823 

Net deferred income tax liability

9,103 

8,542 

For the years ending December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, a reconciliation
between statutory and effective tax rates is as follows:

Percentages 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Statutory tax rate

35.0 

35.0 

35.0 

State taxes-net

0.9 

2.5 

2.4 

Other

(0.3) 

(2.5) 

(0.7) 

Effective tax rate

35.6 

35.0 

36.7 

All federal income tax years prior to 1986 are closed. Federal income tax
liabilities for 1986 through 1994 have been resolved, pending final resolution
of interest calculations, which may take several years. Resolution of these
years resulted in a decrease in income tax expense of 33 million in 2002.
Years 1995 through 1998 are currently under examination by the IRS.

We believe we have adequately reserved for federal and state income taxes.

5. Debt 

Other than intercompany borrowings, the majority of our debt is publicly held.
The intercompany borrowings accrue interest at an annual rate of 7.5 , which
may be adjusted from time to time, and are payable on demand. There are no
restrictions on the amount we are able to borrow from UPC. Intercompany
borrowings are unsecured and rank equally with all of our other unsecured
indebtedness. Total debt as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, is summarized
below:

35

Table of Contents 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Intercompany borrowings from UPC, 7.5 

4,372 

4,464 

Capitalized leases, 4.7 to 11.6 due through 2026

1,531 

1,457 

Equipment obligations, 6.3 to 10.3 due through 2019

374 

534 

Notes and debentures, 2 to 5.4 due through 2054

157 

160 

Mortgage bonds, 4.3 to 4.8 due through 2030

152 

153 

Tax-exempt financings, 2.6 due through 2015

12 

12 

Unamortized discount

(61) 

(57) 

Total debt

6,537 

6,723 

Less current portion

(167) 

(275) 

Total long-term debt

6,370 

6,448 

Debt Maturities Aggregate debt maturities, excluding intercompany borrowings,
as of December 31, 2003, are as follows:

Millions of Dollars 

2004

167 

2005

242 

2006

149 

2007

135 

2008

131 

Thereafter

1,341 

Total debt

2,165 

In February 2004, we called our 4.25 mortgage bonds, with an outstanding
balance of approximately 92 million and maturity date of January 1, 2005, for
redemption in April 2004.

 Mortgaged Properties Equipment with a carrying value of approximately 3.5
billion and 3.7 billion at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively, serves as
collateral for the capital leases and other types of equipment obligations in
accordance with the secured financing arrangements utilized to acquire such
railroad equipment.

As a result of the merger of Missouri Pacific Railroad Company (MPRR) with
and into UPRR on January 1, 1997, and pursuant to the underlying indentures for
the MPRR mortgage bonds, UPRR must maintain the same value of assets after the
merger in order to comply with the security requirements of the mortgage bonds.
As of the merger date, the value of the MPRR assets which secured the mortgage
bonds was approximately 5.8 billion. In accordance with the terms on the
indentures, this collateral value must be maintained during the entire term of
the mortgage bonds irrespective of the outstanding balance of such bonds.

 Income-Based Securities We have certain debt instruments which contain
provisions that limit the payment of interest, require sinking fund
installments and impose certain restrictions in the event all interest is not
paid based upon available income levels. Other debt instruments contain
provisions that may impose restrictions on the Company s ability to declare
dividends on certain classes of capital stock (note 8).

Significant New Financings During May 2003, we entered into a capital lease
covering new locomotives. The related capital lease obligation totaled
approximately 188 million and is included in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position as debt.

36

Table of Contents 

6. Leases 

We lease certain locomotives, freight cars and other property. Future minimum
lease payments for operating and capital leases with initial or remaining
non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2003 were
as follows:

Millions of Dollars 

Operating Leases 
 
 Capital Leases 

2004

434 

223 

2005

392 

200 

2006

333 

198 

2007

269 

180 

2008

206 

172 

Later Years

1,318 

1,552 

Total minimum lease payments

2,952 

2,525 

Amount representing interest

(994) 

Present value of minimum lease payments

1,531 

Rent expense for operating leases with terms exceeding one month was 583
million in 2003, 581 million in 2002, and 571 million in 2001. Contingent
rentals and sub-rentals are not significant.

7. Retirement Plans 

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

Pension Plans We provide defined benefit retirement income to eligible
non-union employees through the Corporation s qualified and non-qualified
(supplemental) pension plans. Qualified and non-qualified pension benefits are
based on years of service and the highest compensation during the latest years
of employment with specific reductions made for early retirements.

Other Postretirement Benefits (OPEB) All non-union and certain of our union
employees participate in the Corporation s defined contribution medical and
life insurance programs for retirees. These costs are funded as paid.

Medicare Reform Act 

On December 13, 2003, Congress passed the Medicare Prescription Drug,
Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (Medicare Reform Act). The
provisions of the Medicare Reform Act include prescription drug benefits for
Medicare eligible individuals. We have elected to recognize this legislation in
2003, in accordance with FASB Staff Position No. 106-1, Accounting and
Disclosure Requirements Related to the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement
and Modernization Act of 2003 , which results in a 47 million reduction to the
accumulated benefit obligation for other postretirement benefits as of December
31, 2003. This reduction is based on the value of the projected federal
subsidy, assumes no changes in participation rates and is recorded as an
unrecognized actuarial gain. The estimated reduction in post-65 per capita
claim costs was 17 . There was no effect on 2003 expense. For 2004, we expect
a reduction in OPEB expense of 7 million. Future guidance from either
Congress or the FASB could result in a change to this recognition.

Funded Status 

Projected Benefit Obligation (PBO) The projected benefit obligation of the
pension plans is the present value of benefits earned to date by plan
participants, including the effect of assumed future salary increases. The PBO
of the OPEB plan is equal to the accumulated benefit obligation, as the present
value of OPEB liabilities are not affected by salary increases. Changes in our
projected benefit obligation are as follows for the years ended December 31:

37

Table of Contents 

Pension 
 
 OPEB 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year

1,703 

1,654 

551 

497 

Service cost

27 

21 

7 

6 

Interest cost

113 

117 

35 

37 

Plan amendments

(1) 

(74) 

(48) 

Actuarial loss

76 

34 

61 

105 

Gross benefits paid

(115) 

(122) 

(37) 

(46) 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year

1,804 

1,703 

543 

551 

Assets Assets used in calculating the funded status are measured at the
fair value at December 31. Changes in the fair value of the plan assets are as
follows for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002:

Pension 
 
 OPEB 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

1,231 

1,404 

Actual return on plan assets

297 

(159) 

Voluntary funded pension plan contributions

100 

100 

Unfunded plan benefit payments

7 

8 

37 

46 

Gross benefits paid

(115) 

(122) 

(37) 

(46) 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

1,520 

1,231 

Funded Status The funded status represents the difference between the
projected benefit obligation and the fair value of the plan assets. Below is a
reconciliation of the funded status of the benefit plans to the net liability
recognized for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002:

Pension 
 
 OPEB 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Funded status at end of year

(284) 

(472) 

(543) 

(551) 

Unrecognized net actuarial loss

201 

290 

216 

171 

Unrecognized prior service cost (credit)

46 

55 

(116) 

(56) 

Unrecognized net transition obligation

(2) 

(4) 

Net liability recognized at end of year

(39) 

(131) 

(443) 

(436) 

Liability Recorded in Consolidated Statement of Financial Position The net
liability represents the amount previously accrued by us for pension and OPEB
costs. The following table presents the components of the benefit plan
liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position for December
31, 2003 and 2002:

Pension 
 
 OPEB 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Prepaid benefit cost

34 

7 

Accrued benefit cost

(73) 

(137) 

(443) 

(436) 

Additional minimum liability

(221) 

(294) 

Intangible assets

46 

55 

Accumulated other comprehensive income

175 

238 

Net liability recognized at end of year

(39) 

(131) 

(443) 

(436) 

At December 31, 2003 and 2002, 35 million and 43 million, respectively,
of the total pension and other postretirement liability were classified as a
current liability.

38

Table of Contents 

Unfunded Accumulated Benefit Obligation The accumulated benefit obligation is
the present value of benefits earned to date, assuming no future salary growth.
The unfunded accumulated benefit obligation represents the difference between
the accumulated benefit obligation and the fair value of the plan assets. The
projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of
plan assets for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of
the fair value of the plan assets were as follows for the years ended December
31, 2003 and 2002:

Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Projected benefit obligation

(1,789) 

(1,688) 

Accumulated benefit obligation

(1,769) 

(1,646) 

Fair value of plan assets

1,503 

1,216 

Unfunded accumulated benefit obligation

(266) 

(430) 

The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans
was 1.8 billion and 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2003 and 2002,
respectively.

 Assumptions The weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine
benefit obligations at December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 were as follows:

Pension 
 
 OPEB 

Percentages 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Discount rate

6.50 

6.75 

7.25 

6.50 

6.75 

7.25 

Salary increase

3.50 

3.75 

4.25 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Health care cost trend rate:

Current

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

9.00 

10.0 

7.70 

Level in 2008

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

5.00 

5.00 

5.50 

Expense 

Both pension and OPEB expense is determined based upon the annual service cost
of benefits (the actuarial cost of benefits earned during a period) and the
interest cost on those liabilities, less the expected return on plan assets.
With respect to the value of pension plan assets, the expected long-term rate
of return on plan assets is applied to a calculated value of plan assets that
recognizes changes in fair value over a five-year period. This practice is
intended to reduce year-to-year volatility in pension expense, but it can have
the effect of
delaying the recognition of differences between actual returns on assets and
expected returns based on long-term rate of return assumptions. The expected
rate of return on assets was 8 for 2003 and 9 for 2002.

Differences in actual experience in relation to assumptions are not
recognized immediately, but are deferred and, if necessary, amortized as
pension or OPEB expense.

The components of our net periodic pension and other postretirement costs
(income) for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 were as follows:

Pension 
 
 OPEB 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Service cost

27 

21 

22 

7 

6 

6 

Interest cost

113 

117 

113 

35 

37 

30 

Expected return on plan assets

(133) 

(144) 

(157) 

Amortization of:

Transition obligation

(2) 

(2) 

(1) 

Prior service cost (credit)

9 

9 

12 

(15) 

(3) 

(2) 

Actuarial loss (gain)

1 

(15) 

(23) 

16 

5 

Total net periodic benefit cost (income)

15 

(14) 

(34) 

43 

45 

34 

39

Table of Contents 

Assumptions The weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine
expense for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 were as follows:

Pension 
 
 OPEB 

Percentages 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Discount rate

6.75 

7.25 

7.5 

6.75 

7.25 

7.5 

Expected return on plan assets

8.0 

9.0 

10.0 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Salary increase

3.75 

4.25 

4.5 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Health care cost trend rate:

Current

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

10.0 

7.70 

7.70 

Level in 2008

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

5.00 

5.50 

5.50 

The discount rate we used is based on a hypothetical portfolio of high
quality bonds with cash flows matching the plans expected benefit payments at
December 31. The expected return on plan assets is based on our asset
allocation mix and our historical return, taking into account current and
expected market conditions. The actual return on pension plan assets was
approximately 25 in 2003, compared to an 11 loss in 2002. Our historical
annualized ten-year rate of return on plan assets is approximately 9 . During
2003, we decreased our expected return on plan assets from 9 to 8 . This
assumption change resulted in an increase to 2003 pension expense of 17
million.

Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the
expense and liabilities reported for health care plans. The health care cost
trend rate is based on historical rates and expected market conditions. A
one-percentage point change in the expected health care cost trend rates would
have the following effects on OPEB:

One pt. 
 
 One pt. 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 Increase 
 
 Decrease 

Effect on total service and interest cost components.

5 

(4) 

Effect on accumulated benefit obligation

59 

(49) 

Equity Adjustment 

During 2002, actual asset returns for the pension plans were adversely
impacted by continued deterioration in the equity markets. Also during 2002,
corporate bond yields, which are used in determining the discount rate for
future pension obligations, continued to decline. As a result of negative
asset returns and lower discount rates, we were required to recognize an
additional minimum pension liability. An additional minimum pension liability
adjustment is required when our accumulated benefit obligation exceeds the
fair value of the plan assets, and that difference exceeds the net pension
liability. The liability was recorded as a 141 million after-tax reduction to
common shareholders equity as part of accumulated other comprehensive loss in
2002.

Because the fair value of plan assets improved in 2003, the 2003
adjustment to shareholders equity was 39 million, after-tax, recorded as an
increase to equity in accumulated other comprehensive income.

The remaining equity reduction from 2002 will be restored to the balance
sheet in future periods if the fair value of plan assets exceeds the
accumulated benefit obligations. Recognition of this reduction to equity did
not affect net income or cash flow in 2003 and had no impact on compliance
with debt covenants.

Cash Contributions 

The following table details our cash contributions for the years ended
December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the expected contributions for 2004:

Pension 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 Funded 
 
 Unfunded 
 
 OPEB 

2002

100 

8 

46 

2003

100 

7 

37 

2004 (expected)

50 

8 

35 

40

Table of Contents 

Our policy with respect to funding the qualified plans is to fund at least
the minimum required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended, and not more than the maximum amount deductible for tax purposes.
There are currently no minimum funding requirements, as set forth in employee
benefit and tax laws. All contributions made to the funded pension plans for
2002 and 2003 were voluntary. The 2004 funded pension plan contribution was
voluntary and was made in January 2004 with cash generated from operations.

All benefit payments for other postretirement benefits are voluntary, as
the postretirement plans are not funded, and are not subject to any minimum
regulatory funding requirements. Benefit payments for each year represent
claims paid for medical and life insurance, and we anticipate our 2004 OPEB
payments will be made from cash generated from operations.

Benefit Payments 

The following table details expected benefit payments for the years 2004
though 2013:

Other Postretirement 

Millions of Dollars 
 
 Pension Benefits 
 
 Benefits 

2004

116 

35 

2005

116 

38 

2006

117 

37 

2007

119 

39 

2008

122 

40 

Years 2009 - 2013

697 

215 

Expected benefit payments for other postretirement benefits are adjusted
for estimated reimbursements for prescription drugs beginning in 2006, based on
the Medicare Reform Act passed in 2003.

Asset Allocation Strategy 

The pension plan asset allocation at December 31, 2003 and 2002 and target
allocation for 2004 are as follows:

Percentage of Plan Assets 

Target Allocation 
 
 December 31, 

Asset Category 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

Equity securities

65 to 75 

70 

66 

Debt securities

25 to 35 

30 

34 

Real estate

0 

0 

0 

Other

0 

0 

0 

Total

100 

100 

The investment strategy for pension plan assets is to maintain a broadly
diversified portfolio designed to achieve our target of an average long-term
rate of return of 8 . While we believe we can achieve a long-term average rate
of return of 8 , we cannot be certain that the portfolio will perform to our
expectations. Assets are strategically allocated between equity and debt
securities in order to achieve a diversification level that mitigates wide
swings in investment returns. Asset allocation target ranges for equity and
debt portfolios are evaluated at least every three years with the assistance of
an external consulting firm. Actual asset allocations are monitored monthly
and rebalancing actions are executed at least quarterly, if needed.

The majority of the plan s assets are invested in equity securities
because equity portfolios have historically provided higher returns than debt
portfolios over extended time horizons and are expected to do so in the future.
Correspondingly, equity investments also entail greater risks than debt
investments. The risk of loss in the plan s equity portfolio is mitigated by
investing in a broad range of equity types. Equity diversification includes
large-capitalization and small-capitalization companies, growth-oriented and
value-oriented investments, and U.S. and non-U.S. securities.

41

Table of Contents 

Equity risks are further balanced by investing a significant portion of
the plan s assets in high quality debt securities. The average quality rating
of the debt portfolio exceeded AA as of December 31, 2003 and 2002. The debt
portfolio is also broadly diversified and primarily invested in U.S. Treasury,
mortgage, and corporate securities with an intermediate average maturity. The
weighted-average maturity of the debt portfolio was 6.1 years at December 31,
2003 and 7.0 years as of December 31, 2002.

The investment of pension plan assets in Union Pacific securities is
specifically prohibited for both the equity and debt portfolios other than
through index fund holdings.

Other Retirement Programs 

Thrift Plan The Corporation provides a defined contribution plan (thrift
plan) to eligible non-union employees, and we make matching contributions to
the thrift plan. We match 50 cents for each dollar contributed by employees up
to the first 6 percent of compensation contributed. The thrift plan
contributions were 11 million, 10 million and 11 million for the years ended
December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively.

Railroad Retirement System All Railroad employees are covered by the Railroad
Retirement System (the System). On December 21, 2001, The Railroad Retirement
and Survivors Improvement Act of 2001 (the Act) was signed into law. The Act
was a result of historic cooperation between rail management and labor, and
provides improved railroad retirement benefits for employees and reduced
payroll taxes for employers. Contributions made to the System are expensed as
incurred and amounted to approximately 562 million in 2003, 595 million in
2002 and 607 million in 2001.

Collective Bargaining Agreements Under collective bargaining agreements, we
participate in multi-employer benefit plans, which provide certain
postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for eligible union
employees. Premiums under this plan are expensed as incurred and amounted to
 27 million in 2003, 16 million in 2002 and 13 million in 2001.

8. Capital Stock and Dividend Restrictions 

Our Board of Directors has restricted the availability of retained earnings for
payment of dividends by 131 million. This represents (a) the amount by which
the estimated fair value of our investment in our non-transportation
subsidiaries, as determined by our Board of Directors, exceeded the net book
value of such investment, which was transferred to the Corporation by means of
a dividend in June 1971 110 million) and (b) the amount by which the fair
market value exceeded the book value of certain investment securities which
were transferred to the Corporation by means of a dividend in November 1972 21 million).

Our capital structure consists of Class A Stock, Common Stock and
Redeemable Preference Shares (Series A). The Class A Stock is entitled to a
cash dividend whenever a dividend is declared on the Common Stock, in an amount
which equals 8 percent of the sum of the dividends on both the Class A Stock
and the Common Stock. All of our Common Stock and our Class A Stock, which
constitutes all of the voting capital stock, is owned by the Corporation or a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation, and all of the Preference Shares,
which are non-voting stock, are owned by the Federal Railroad Administration.
Accordingly, there is no market for our capital stock.

The number of shares shown in the Statements of Changes in Common
Shareholders Equity in the Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 8, excludes
2,665 shares of Common Stock and 232 shares of Class A Stock owned by Southern
Pacific Rail Corporation, whose results are included in the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

We are subject to certain restrictions related to the payment of
dividends. The amount of retained earnings available for dividends was 7.5
billion and 6.4 billion at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

9. Stock Options and Other Stock Plans 

We participate in the Corporation s stock incentive plans. There are no
options outstanding for Railroad participants under the 1988 Stock Option and
Restricted Stock Plan of Union Pacific Corporation (1988 Plan) and 5,069,640
options
outstanding under the 1993 Stock Option and Retention Stock Plan of Union
Pacific Corporation (1993 Plan) for Railroad participants. There are 878,044
retention shares and stock units (the right to receive shares of common stock)

42

Table of Contents 

outstanding under the 1993 Plan for Railroad participants. The Corporation no
longer grants options or awards of restricted stock under the 1988 Plan or the
1993 Plan.

The UP Shares Stock Option Plan of Union Pacific Corporation (UP Shares
Plan was approved by UPC s Board of Directors on April 30, 1998. The UP
Shares Plan reserved 12,000,000 shares of UPC common stock for issuance. The
UP Shares Plan was a broad-based option program that granted eligible active
employees on April 30, 1998 an option to purchase 200 shares of UPC common
stock at 55.00 per share. All options granted were non-qualified options that
became exercisable on May 1, 2001 and remain exercisable until April 30, 2008.
If an optionee s employment terminates for any reason, the option remains
exercisable for a period of one year after the date of termination, but no
option is exercisable after April 30, 2008. No further options may be granted
under the UP Shares Plan. As of December 31, 2003, there were 5,230,166
options outstanding for Railroad participants under the UP Shares Plan.

The Corporation adopted the Executive Stock Purchase Incentive Plan
(ESPIP) effective October 1, 1999, in order to encourage and facilitate
ownership of UPC common stock by officers and other key executives of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries. Under the ESPIP, participants purchased a
total of 1,008,000 shares of UPC common stock with the proceeds of 6.02 
interest-bearing, full recourse loans from the Corporation. Loans totaled 47
million and have a final maturity date of January 31, 2006. Deferred cash
payments were to be awarded to the participants to repay interest and the loan
principal if certain performance and retention criteria were met within a
40-month period ending January 31, 2003. Dividends paid on the purchased
shares were originally assigned to the Corporation to offset the accrued
interest on the loan balance until March 2001 when the first performance
criterion was satisfied and, accordingly thereafter, the dividends on the
purchased shares were paid directly to the participants. Satisfaction of the
first performance criterion also entitled participants to receive a cash
payment equal to the net accrued interest on the outstanding principal balance
of the loan. Satisfaction of the second performance criterion, in December
2002, entitled participants to receive a cash payment equal to one-third of the
outstanding principal balance of their loan, and satisfaction of the retention
criterion of continued employment with the Corporation until January 31, 2003,
entitled participants to receive an additional cash payment equal to one-third
of the outstanding principal balance of their loan. Such payments have been
applied against the participants outstanding loan balance pursuant to the
terms of the ESPIP. The remaining balance of the loan is payable in three
equal installments on January 31, 2004, January 31, 2005 and January 31, 2006.
At December 31, 2003 and 2002, the outstanding loan balance was 8 million and
 45 million, respectively. None of the Corporation s executive officers
subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, had
outstanding loans as of January 31, 2004. The remaining outstanding loans were
 1 million at January 31, 2004.

In November 2000, the Corporation s Board of Directors approved the 2001
Long Term Plan (LTP). Participants were awarded retention shares or stock
units and cash awards subject to the attainment of certain performance targets
and continued employment through January 31, 2004, or other applicable vesting
dates. The LTP performance criteria include three year (for fiscal years 2001,
2002 and 2003) cumulative earnings per share and stock price targets. The
Corporation met the cumulative earnings per share target at December 31, 2003,
which entitled Railroad participants to receive 76,260 shares, 260,592 stock
units and 24 million at January 31, 2004, or other applicable vesting dates,
totaling 48 of the maximum amount available under the LTP.

The Union Pacific Corporation 2001 Stock Incentive Plan (2001 Plan) was
approved by the shareholders in April 2001. The 2001 Plan reserved 12,000,000
shares of UPC common stock for issuance to eligible employees of the
Corporation in the form of non-qualified options, incentive stock options,
retention shares, stock units and incentive bonus awards. Awards and options
under the 2001 Plan may be granted to employees of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries. Non-
employee directors are not eligible. As of December 31, 2003, there were
652,364 retention shares and stock units outstanding for Railroad participants
under the 2001 Plan, and there were 2,759,550 options outstanding for Railroad
participants under the 2001 Plan.

Pursuant to the above plans, 6,899,211, 9,544,569 and 12,461,025 shares of
UPC common stock were available for grant by the Corporation at December 31,
2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

 Options Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair
market value of the Corporation s common stock as of the date of the grant.
Options are granted with a 10-year term and are generally exercisable one to
two years after the date of the grant. A summary of the stock options issued
under the 1988 Plan, the 1993 Plan, the UP Shares Plan and the 2001 Plan and
changes during the years ending December 31 are as follows:

43

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

-Average 

-Average 

-Average 

Exercise 

Exercise 

Exercise 

Shares 
 
 Price 
 
 Shares 
 
 Price 
 
 Shares 
 
 Price 

Outstanding, beginning of year.

16,069,140 

53.40 

17,819,221 

52.02 

19,827,847 

51.50 

Granted

1,487,050 

55.98 

1,348,900 

61.14 

1,219,550 

49.92 

Exercised

(4,220,336) 

52.20 

(2,832,897) 

48.42 

(1,287,876) 

38.88 

Forfeited

(264,796) 

54.66 

(266,084) 

54.93 

(1,940,300) 

54.89 

Outstanding, end of year

13,071,058 

54.06 

16,069,140 

53.40 

17,819,221 

52.02 

Options exercisable at year end

11,405,408 

53.78 

14,720,690 

52.70 

16,607,771 

52.17 

Weighted-average fair value of
options granted during the
year

14.25 

17.84 

13.13 

The following table summarizes information about our outstanding stock
options as of December 31, 2003:

Options Outstanding 
 
 Options Exercisable 

Weighted- 

Weighted-Average 
 
 Weighted- 

Average 

Range of Exercise 
 
 Number 
 
 Remaining 
 
 Average 
 
 Number 
 
 Exercise 

Prices 
 
 Outstanding 
 
 Contractual Life 
 
 Exercise Price 
 
 Exercisable 
 
 Price 

20.60- 49.88

3,061,787 

5.20 

46.66 

3,011,787 

46.77 

52.88- 56.50

8,457,566 

4.84 

55.48 

7,005,316 

55.38 

57.54- 61.90

1,551,705 

7.46 

60.93 

1,388,305 

60.91 

20.60- 61.90

13,071,058 

5.24 

54.06 

11,405,408 

53.78 

The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the date of grant
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, with the following
weighted-average assumptions for options granted in 2003, 2002, and 2001.

2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Risk-free interest rates

2.9 

4.4 

4.3 

Dividend yield

1.5 

1.3 

1.4 

Expected lives-years

5 

5 

4 

Volatility

28.4 

28.8 

29.5 

Restricted Stock and Other Incentive Plans The Corporation s plans provide
for awarding retention shares of common stock or stock units to eligible
employees. These awards are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates
during the prescribed retention period, generally three or four years, or, in
some cases, if a certain prescribed stock price or other financial criteria is
not met. Restricted stock awards are issued to non-employee directors and are
subject to forfeiture if certain service requirements are not met. During the
year ended December 31, 2003, 197,703 retention shares, stock units and
restricted shares were issued to Railroad participants at a weighted-average
fair value of 56.01. During 2002, 436,270 retention shares, stock units and
restricted shares were issued to Railroad participants at a weighted-average
fair value of 58.25. During 2001, 223,502 retention shares, stock units and
restricted shares were issued to Railroad participants at a weighted-average
fair value of 49.95. The cost of retention and restricted awards is amortized
to expense over the retention period.

Under the LTP, no performance retention stock units were issued in 2003,
4,400 performance retention stock units and 766,900 performance retention
shares and stock units were issued to Railroad participants at a
weighted-average fair value of 60.68 and 50.11 during 2002 and 2001,
respectively. The cost of the LTP is marked to market and is expensed over the
performance period, which ended January 31, 2004.

44

Table of Contents 

The cost associated with the ESPIP retention criterion was amortized to
expense over the 40-month period. The cost associated with the ESPIP first
performance criterion is expensed over the life of the loan, and the cost
associated with the second performance criterion was expensed in December 2002.

During the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, we expensed 27
million, 13 million and 8 million, respectively, related to the other
incentive plans described above. During the years ended December 31, 2003,
2002 and 2001, UPC expensed 1 million, 15 million and 4 million,
respectively, attributable to Railroad participants in the other incentive
plans described above.

10. Commitments and Contingencies 

Unasserted Claims There are various claims and lawsuits pending against us
and certain of our subsidiaries. It is not possible at this time for us to
determine fully the effect of all unasserted claims on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity; however, to the extent
possible, where unasserted claims can be estimated and where such claims are
considered probable, we have recorded a liability. We do not expect that any
known lawsuits, claims, environmental costs, commitments, contingent
liabilities or guarantees will have a material adverse effect on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

Personal Injury and Occupational Illness The cost of personal injuries to
employees and others related to our activities is charged to expense based on
estimates of the ultimate cost and number of incidents each year. We use third
party actuaries to assist us in properly measuring the expense and liability.
Compensation for work-related accidents is governed by the Federal Employers 
Liability Act (FELA). Under FELA, damages are assessed based on a finding of
fault through litigation or out-of-court settlements. We offer a comprehensive
variety of services and rehabilitation programs for employees who are injured
at work. Annual expenses for our personal injury-related events were 250
million in 2003, 221 million in 2002 and 200 million in 2001. As of December
31, 2003 and 2002, we had a liability of 615 million and 668 million,
respectively, accrued for future personal injury costs, of which 272 million
was recorded in current liabilities as accrued casualty for each year. We have
additional amounts accrued for claims related to certain alleged occupational
illnesses. The impact of current obligations is not expected to have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

Environmental Costs We generate and transport hazardous and non-hazardous
waste in our current operations, and have done so in our former operations, and
are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. We
have identified approximately 417 sites at which we are or may be liable for
remediation costs associated with alleged contamination or for violations of
environmental requirements. This includes 51 sites that are the subject of
actions taken by the U.S. government, 29 of which are currently on the
Superfund National Priorities List. Certain federal legislation imposes joint
and several liability for the remediation of identified sites; consequently,
our ultimate environmental liability may include costs relating to activities
of other parties, in addition to costs relating to our own activities at each
site.

When an environmental issue has been identified with respect to the
property owned, leased or otherwise used in the conduct of our business, we and
our consultants perform environmental assessments on such property. We expense
the cost of the assessments as incurred. We accrue the cost of remediation
where our obligation is probable and such costs can be reasonably estimated.

As of December 31, 2003 and 2002, we had a liability of 187 million and
 188 million, respectively, accrued for future environmental costs, of which
 57 million and 71 million were recorded in current liabilities as accrued
casualty
costs. The liability includes future costs for remediation and restoration of
sites, as well as for ongoing monitoring costs, but excludes any anticipated
recoveries from third parties. Cost estimates are based on information
available for each site, financial viability of other potentially responsible
parties, and existing technology, laws and regulations. We believe that we
have adequately accrued for our ultimate share of costs at sites subject to
joint and several liability. However, the ultimate liability for remediation
is difficult to determine because of the number of potentially responsible
parties involved, site-specific cost sharing arrangements with other
potentially responsible parties, the degree of contamination by various wastes,
the scarcity and quality of volumetric data related to many of the sites,
and/or the speculative nature

45

Table of Contents 

of remediation costs. The impact of current
obligations is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations or financial condition.

Remediation of identified sites previously used in operations, used by
tenants or contaminated by former owners required cash spending of 36 million
in 2003, 68 million in 2002, and 63 million in 2001. We are also engaged in
reducing emissions, spills and migration of hazardous materials, and spent cash
of 8 million, 6 million and 5 million in 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively,
for control and prevention. In 2004, we anticipate spending 52 million for
remediation and 8 million for control and prevention. The impact of current
obligations is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our liquidity.

 Purchase Obligations and Guarantees We periodically enter into financial and
other commitments in connection with our businesses. We do not expect that
these commitments or guarantees will have a material adverse effect on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

At December 31, 2003, we had unconditional purchase obligations of 100
million for the acquisition of locomotives as part of our multi-year capital
asset acquisition plan. In addition, we were contingently liable for 360
million in guarantees and 27 million in letters of credit at December 31,
2003. These contingent guarantees were entered into in the normal course of
business and include guaranteed obligations of affiliated operations. None of
the guarantees individually are significant, and a liability of 7 million has
been recorded related to these guarantees as of December 31, 2003. The final
guarantee expires in 2022. We are not aware of any existing event of default,
which would require us to satisfy these guarantees.

 Headquarters Building We have a synthetic operating lease arrangement to
finance a new headquarters building, which is being constructed in Omaha,
Nebraska. The expected completion date of the building is mid-2004. It will
total approximately 1.1 million square feet with approximately 3,800 office
workspaces. The cost to construct the new headquarters, including capitalized
interest, is approximately 260 million. The Corporation has guaranteed all of
our obligation under this lease.

We are the construction agent for the lessor during the construction
period. We have guaranteed, in the event of a loss caused by, or resulting
from, our actions or failures to act as construction agent, 89.9 of the
building related construction costs incurred up to that point during the
construction period. Total building related costs incurred and drawn from the
lease funding commitments as of December 31, 2003, were approximately 125
million. Accordingly, our guarantee at December 31, 2003, was approximately
 113 million. As construction continues and additional costs are incurred,
this guarantee will increase accordingly. At December 31, 2003, we had a
liability recorded of approximately 7 million related to the fair value of
this guarantee.

After construction is complete, we will lease the building under an
initial term of five years with provisions for renewal for an extended period
subject to agreement between us and the lessor. At any time during the lease,
we may, at our option, purchase the building at approximately the amount
expended by the lessor to construct the building. If we elect not to purchase
the building or
renew the lease, the building is returned to the lessor for remarketing,
and we have guaranteed a residual value equal to 85 of the total construction
related costs. The guarantee will be approximately 220 million.

11. Other Income 

Other income included the following:

Millions of Dollars 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Net gain on non-operating asset dispositions

84 

287 

133 

Rental income

57 

60 

89 

Interest income

5 

7 

8 

Fuel swaption

5 

(18) 

Other, net

(27) 

(38) 

(38) 

Total

119 

321 

174 

46

Table of Contents 

Included in the 2002 gain on non-operating asset dispositions is a pre-tax
gain of 141 million related to the sale of land, track, operating rights and
facilities to the Utah Transit Authority (UTA) for 185 million, which included
approximately 175 miles of track that stretches from Brigham City, Utah,
through Salt Lake City, Utah, south to Payson, Utah. The transaction
contributed 88 million to our earnings on an after-tax basis.

Also included in the 2002 gain on non-operating asset dispositions is a
pre-tax gain of 73 million related to the sale of land and track to the Santa
Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) for 80 million, which included
approximately 15 miles of track that stretches from William Street in San Jose,
California, north to Paseo Padre Parkway in Fremont, California. The
transaction contributed 45 million to our earnings on an after-tax basis.

12. Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2003, the FASB published a revision to FASB Interpretation No. 46
 Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities (FIN 46) to clarify some of the
provisions and to exempt certain entities from its requirements. Under the new
guidance, special effective date provisions apply to enterprises that have
fully or partially applied FIN 46 prior to issuance of the revised
interpretation. We adopted FIN 46 in June of 2003. The revision did not
require us to modify our accounting related to the implementation of FIN 46.

13. Cumulative Effect of Accounting Change 

Surface Transportation Board (STB) accounting rules require that railroads
accrue the cost of removing track structure over the expected useful life of
these assets. Railroads historically used this prescribed accounting for
reports filed with both the STB and SEC. In August 2001, the FASB issued
Statement No. 143, Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations (FAS 143).
This statement was effective for us beginning January 1, 2003, and prohibits
the accrual of removal costs unless there is a legal obligation to remove the
track structure at the end of its life. We concluded that we did not have a
legal obligation to remove the track structure, and therefore, under generally
accepted accounting principles, we could not accrue the cost of removal in
advance. As a result, reports filed with the SEC will reflect the expense of
removing these assets in the period in which they are removed. For STB
reporting requirements only, we will continue to follow the historical method
of accruing in advance, as prescribed by the STB. FAS 143 also requires us to
record a liability for legally obligated asset retirement costs associated with
tangible long-lived assets. In the first quarter of 2003, we recorded income
from a cumulative effect of accounting change, related to the adoption of FAS
143, of 274 million, net of income tax expense of 167 million. The
accounting change had no effect on our liquidity.
Had the change been retroactively applied, the change would not have had a
material impact on net income.

14. Selected Quarterly Data 

Selected unaudited quarterly data are as follows:

Millions of Dollars 

2003 
 
 Mar. 31 
 
 June 30 
 
 Sep. 30 
 
 Dec. 31 

Operating revenues

2,725 

2,881 

2,946 

2,957 

Operating income

371 

582 

594 

595 

Cumulative effect of accounting change a 

274 

Net income

441 

295 

317 

361 

2002 
 
 Mar. 31 
 
 June 30 
 
 Sep. 30 
 
 Dec. 31 

Operating revenues

2,649 

2,808 

2,838 

2,808 

Operating income

508 

598 

638 

589 

Net income

243 

316 

414 

401 

a Cumulative effect of accounting change is shown net of income tax expense
of 167 million. 

47

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an
evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s
management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Executive
Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the CEO and
the CFO concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in alerting them, in
a timely manner, to material information relating to the Company (including its
consolidated subsidiaries) required to be included in the Company s periodic
SEC filings.

Additionally, the CEO and CFO determined that there have been no changes
to the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the last
fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

48

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

Omitted in accordance with General Instruction I of Form 10-K.

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Omitted in accordance with General Instruction I of Form 10-K.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

Omitted in accordance with General Instruction I of Form 10-K.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Omitted in accordance with General Instruction I of Form 10-K.

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Information concerning the independent auditor fees billed and the nature of
services comprising the fees for UPC, including accounting fees and services
for UPRR, for each of the two most recent fiscal years in each of the following
categories: (i) audit fees, (ii) audit related fees, (iii) tax fees and (iv)
all other fees, is set forth in the Audit Committee Report segment of the
Corporation s Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

Information concerning the Corporation s Audit Committee s policies and
procedures pertaining to pre-approval of audit and non-audit services rendered
by its independent auditor is set forth in the Audit Committee segment of the
Corporation s Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

49

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K 

(a) 
 
 Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits: 

(1) 
 
 Financial Statements 

The financial statements filed as part of this filing are listed on
the index to Consolidated Financial
Statements, Item 8, on page 23.

(2) 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

Schedules not listed above have been omitted because they are not
applicable or not required or the information required to be set
forth therein is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements,
Item 8, or notes thereto.

(3) 
 
 Exhibits 

Exhibits are listed in the exhibit index on page 53.

(b) 
 
 Reports on Form 8-K 

On March 1, 2004, UPRR furnished a Current Report on Form 8-K updating
UPC s earnings outlook for the first quarter of 2004. 

On January 21, 2004, UPRR furnished a Current Report on Form 8-K
announcing UPC s financial results for the fourth quarter of 2003. 

On October 23, 2003, UPRR furnished a Current Report on Form 8-K
announcing UPC s financial results for the third quarter of 2003. 

 These reports, or certain portions thereof, were furnished under Item 9 or
Item 12 of Form 8-K and are referenced herein for informational purposes only.
Therefore, such reports or applicable provisions thereof are not, and such
contents should not be deemed, incorporated by reference into any registration
statements filed by Union Pacific Railroad Company with the SEC under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

50

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 5th day of March,
2004.

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY 

By: 
 /s/ Richard K. Davidson

Richard K. Davidson, Chairman, 

Chief Executive Officer and
Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below, on this 5th day of March, 2004, by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.

PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND DIRECTOR:

/s/ Richard K. Davidson 

Richard K. Davidson, Chairman, 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER:

/s/ Robert M. Knight, Jr. 

Robert M. Knight, Jr., 

Executive Vice President-Finance 

and Chief Financial Officer 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER:

/s/ Richard J. Putz 

Richard J. Putz, 

Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 

DIRECTORS: 

Philip F. Anschutz 

Elbridge T. Gerry, Jr. 

Thomas J. Donohue 

Judith Richards Hope 

Archie W. Dunham 

Richard J. Mahoney 

Spencer F. Eccles 

Steven R. Rogel 

Ivor J. Evans 

Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon 

By

/s/ Thomas E. Whitaker

Thomas E. Whitaker, Attorney-in-fact 

51

Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 Union Pacific Railroad Company and Consolidated Subsidiary and Affiliate Companies 

Millions of Dollars, for the Years Ended December 31, 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Allowance for doubtful accounts:

Balance, beginning of period

107 

110 

98 

Charged to expense

13 

16 

17 

Write-offs, net of recoveries

(36) 

(19) 

(5) 

Balance, end of period

84 

107 

110 

Accrued casualty costs:

Balance, beginning of period

1,061 

1,077 

1,156 

Charged to expense

411 

360 

328 

Cash payments and other reductions

(492) 

(376) 

(407) 

Balance, end of period

980 

1,061 

1,077 

Accrued casualty costs are presented in the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position as follows:

Current

385 

403 

404 

Long-term

595 

658 

673 

Balance, end of period

980 

1,061 

1,077 

52

Table of Contents 

Union Pacific Railroad Company 
Exhibit Index 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

Filed with this Statement

3(a)

By-laws of UPRR, as amended, effective February 1, 2004. 

12

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 

24

Powers of Attorney executed by the directors of UPRR. 

31(a)

Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange
Act, as Adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Richard K. Davidson. 

31(b)

Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange
Act, as Adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Robert M. Knight, Jr. 

32

Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 Richard K. Davidson and Robert M. Knight, Jr. 

Incorporated by Reference

2

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 29, 1998,
between UPRR and Southern Pacific Transportation Company
(SPT) is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2 to
the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K dated February
13, 1998. 

3(b)

Amended Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant,
effective as of February 1, 1998, is incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 3(a) to the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998. 

4

Pursuant to various indentures and other agreements, the
Registrant has issued long-term debt. No single agreement
has securities or obligations covered thereby which exceed
10 of the Registrant s total consolidated assets. The
Registrant agrees to furnish the Commission with a copy of
any such indenture or agreement upon request by the
Commission. 

10(a)

Amended and Restated Anschutz Shareholders Agreement, dated
as of July 12, 1996, among UPC, UPRR, The Anschutz
Corporation (TAC), Anschutz Foundation (the Foundation) and
Mr. Philip F. Anschutz, is incorporated herein by reference
to Annex D to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus included
in Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to UPC s Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (No. 33-64707). 

10(b)

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as
of July 12, 1996, among UPC, TAC and the Foundation is
incorporated herein by reference to Annex H to the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus included in Post-Effective
Amendment No. 2 to UPC s Registration Statement on Form S-4
(No. 33-64707). 

10(c)

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as
of July 12, 1996, among UPC, UP Holding Company, Inc., Union
Pacific Merger Co. and Southern Pacific Rail Corporation
(SP) is incorporated herein by reference to Annex J to the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus included in Post-Effective
Amendment No. 2 to UPC s Registration Statement on Form S-4
(No. 33-64707). 

53

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10(d)

Agreement, dated September 25, 1995, among UPC, UPRR,
Missouri Pacific Railroad Company (MPRR), SP, SPT, The
Denver Rio Grande Western Railroad Company (D RGW), St.
Louis Southwestern Railway Company (SLSRC) and SPCSL Corp.
(SPCSL), on the one hand, and Burlington Northern Railroad
Company (BN) and The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Company (Santa Fe), on the other hand, is incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.11 to UPC s Registration Statement
on Form S-4 (No. 33-64707). 

10(e)

Supplemental Agreement, dated November 18, 1995, between
UPC, UPRR, MPRR, SP, SPT, D RGW, SLSRC and SPCSL, on the one
hand, and BN and Santa Fe, on the other hand, is
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to UPC s
Registration Statement on Form S-4 (No. 33-64707). 

54

<EX-3.(A)>
 3
 d13270exv3wxay.htm
 BY-LAWS, AS AMENDED, EFFECTIVE FEBRUARY 1, 2004

exv3wxay 

BY-LAWS

OF

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY

As Amended Effective as of February 1, 2004

BY-LAWS

OF

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY

(As Amended Effective as of February 1, 2004)

ARTICLE I

STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS

SECTION 1. Meetings, annual or special, of the stockholders of this
Company may be held at such place or places as shall be ordered by the Board of
Directors or the Executive Committee.

SECTION 2. Annual meetings of the stockholders, for the purpose of
electing directors and transacting any other business, shall be held at such
time as shall be ordered by the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee,
but, unless otherwise ordered, shall be held at 11:00 a.m. on the third Friday
of April in each year.

SECTION 3. A special meeting of the stockholders may be called by the
Board of Directors, the Executive Committee or by any other person who, at such
time, is authorized by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
(the GCL to call a special meeting of stockholders. The objects of a special
meeting shall be stated in the order therefor, and the business transacted
shall be confined to such objects.

SECTION 4. Notice of all meetings of the stockholders shall be given,
either personally or by mail, not less than ten nor more than sixty days prior
thereto. If given by mail, the notice shall be sent by United States mail,
postage prepaid, directed to each stockholder at his address as it appears on
the records of the Company. The notice of all special meetings shall state the
objects thereof. The failure to give notice of an annual meeting, or any
irregularity in the notice, shall not affect the validity of such annual
meeting or of any proceedings thereat. Any stockholder may consent in writing
to the holding of a special meeting without notice.

SECTION 5. The Board of Directors or the Executive Committee may fix in
advance a day and hour, which shall not precede the date upon which the
resolution fixing such day and hour is adopted by the Board of Directors or the
Executive Committee and which shall be not more than sixty nor less than ten
days preceding any annual or special meeting of stockholders or, in the case of
action of stockholders without a meeting, more than ten days after the date
upon which the resolution fixing such day and hour is adopted by the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee, as the time
for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting or to
take such action.

-2-

Stockholders of record at the time so fixed by the Board of
Directors or the Executive Committee and only such stockholders shall be
entitled to vote at such meeting. Each share of stock shall entitle such record
holder thereof to one vote, in person or by proxy in writing.

SECTION 6. The Chairman of the Board, and in his absence the Chairman of
the Executive Committee, and in their absence the President or one of the Vice
Presidents, shall call meetings of the stockholders to order and act as
chairman of such meetings. In the absence of all of these officers, the Board
of Directors may appoint a chairman of the meeting to act in such event; but if
the Board shall not make such appointment, then, in the absence of all of these
officers, any stockholder or proxy of any stockholder may call the meeting to
order, and a chairman shall be elected.

SECTION 7. The Secretary of the Company shall act as secretary at all
meetings of the stockholders; but the Board of Directors or the Executive
Committee may designate an Assistant Secretary for that purpose before the
meeting, and if no such designation shall have been made, then the presiding
officer at the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the
meeting.

SECTION 8. Stockholders may take action on a matter at a meeting only if
a quorum exists with respect to that matter. Unless the certificate of
incorporation or the GCL provide otherwise, a majority of the shares entitled
to vote on the matter, represented in person or by proxy, constitutes a quorum
for action on that matter. If a quorum exists, action on a matter, other than
the election of directors, by stockholders is approved if the votes cast
favoring the action exceed the votes cast opposing the action, unless the
certificate of incorporation or the GCL require a greater number of affirmative
votes. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares
entitled to vote in the election, represented in person or by proxy, at a
meeting at which a quorum is present.

-3-

ARTICLE II

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SECTION 1. All corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the
authority of, and the business and affairs of the Company shall be managed
under the direction of, the Board of Directors. The number of directors which
shall constitute the whole board shall be fixed from time to time by resolution
of the Board of Directors, provided that such number shall not be less than one
(1). Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in
the authorized number of directors may be filled by a vote of the Board and, if
the directors remaining in office consist of fewer than a quorum of the Board,
a majority of directors then in office, though less than a quorum, may fill the
vacancy. A director elected to fill a vacancy shall be elected for the
unexpired term of his predecessor in office. Any director appointed by the
Board of Directors to fill a directorship caused by an increase in the number
of directors shall serve until the next annual meeting or a special meeting of
the stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors.

SECTION 2. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at
such times as the Board shall from time to time designate, and no further
notice of such regular meetings shall be required. Special meetings shall be
held whenever called by order of the Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the
Executive Committee, or the Executive Committee or any five members of the
Board. Notice of special meetings shall be given, at least one day prior
thereto, by personal service of written notice upon the directors or by
delivering the same at, or transmitting the same by first class mail, facsimile
transmission, telephone or other electronic means to, their respective
residences or offices. Any director may consent in writing to the holding of a
special meeting without notice, and the attendance or participation of any
director at a special meeting shall constitute a waiver by him of call and
notice thereof and a consent to the holding of said meeting and the transaction
of any corporate business thereat, unless the director at the beginning of the
meeting, or promptly upon the director s arrival, objects to holding the
meeting or transacting business thereat because of lack of notice or defective
notice, and does not thereafter vote for or assent to the action taken at the
meeting. Meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such place or
places as shall be ordered by the Executive Committee or by a majority of the
directors in office, but, unless otherwise ordered, all meetings of the Board
of Directors shall be held at the principal executive offices of the Company in
Dallas, Texas.

SECTION 3. A majority of the number of directors prescribed by Article
II, Section 1 shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the Board. If a
quorum be not present at any meeting, a majority of the directors present may
adjourn the meeting until a later day or hour.

-4-

ARTICLE III

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

SECTION 1. There shall be an Executive Committee consisting of such
number of directors as shall be elected thereto by the vote of the majority of
the directors then in office, whose terms of office shall continue during the
pleasure of the Board. Except to the extent otherwise provided in the GCL, the
Executive Committee shall, when the Board of Directors is not in session, have
all the powers of the Board of Directors to manage and direct all the business
and affairs of the Company in all cases in which specific directions shall not
have been given by the Board of Directors.

SECTION 2. Meetings of the Executive Committee may be called at any time
by the Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the Executive Committee, or a
majority of the members of the Executive Committee, to convene at such time and
place as may be designated. The rules regarding notice of meetings of the
Board set forth in Section 2 of Article II of these By-Laws shall apply to
meetings of the Executive Committee.

SECTION 3. A majority of the members of the Executive Committee shall
constitute a quorum. If a quorum be not present at any meeting, the member or
members of the Committee present may adjourn the meeting until a later day or
hour.

-5-

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS AND AGENTS

SECTION 1. The Board of Directors may elect such of the following
officers as it deems necessary or desirable: a Chairman of the Board, a
Chairman of the Executive Committee, a Chief Executive Officer, one or more
Vice Chairmen of the Board, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, an
Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer, a Chief
Accounting Officer, an Executive Vice President-Marketing and Sales, an
Executive Vice President-Operation, a Vice President and General Counsel, a
Vice President and General Tax Counsel, a Controller, a Secretary, a Treasurer
and such other Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents and Vice
Presidents as the Board shall determine, and there may also be appointed by the
Board of Directors or Executive Committee such Assistant Secretaries, Assistant
Treasurers, General Tax Counsels and other officers and agents as the Board of
Directors or Executive Committee shall from time to time determine.

SECTION 2. The Chairman of the Board shall perform such duties and
possess such powers as may be prescribed or conferred by the Board of Directors
or the Chairman of the Executive Committee.

SECTION 3. The Chairman of the Executive Committee shall preside at
meetings of the Executive Committee and Board of Directors, and shall have
general supervision of all business of the Company and of the interest of the
Company in all companies controlled by it and shall perform such other duties
and possess such powers as may be prescribed or conferred by the Board of
Directors.

SECTION 4. The Chief Executive Officer shall have charge of all
departments and offices of the Company and of the interest of the Company in
all companies controlled by it and shall perform such other duties and possess
such powers as may be prescribed or conferred by the Board of Directors or the
Chairman of the Executive Committee.

SECTION 5. The Vice Chairmen of the Board shall perform such duties and
possess such powers as may be prescribed or conferred by the Board of Directors
or the Chief Executive Officer.

SECTION 6. The President shall perform such duties and possess such
powers as may be prescribed or conferred by the Board of Directors or the Chief
Executive Officer.

SECTION 7. The Chief Operating Officer shall have day to day operating
responsibilities for the affairs of the Company, reporting to the Chief
Executive Officer, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed or
conferred by the Chief Executive Officer.

SECTION 8. The Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial
Officer shall have the direction and management of the financial affairs and
investments of the Company and of the offices in charge of the information
technologies systems of the Company, the Chief Accounting Officer, the
Treasurer and the Vice President and General Tax Counsel and shall perform such
other duties as may be prescribed or conferred by the President.

-6-

SECTION 9. The Executive Vice President-Marketing and Sales shall have
charge of all marketing and sales activities of the Company and shall perform
such other duties as may be prescribed or conferred by the President.

SECTION 10. The Executive Vice President-Operation shall have charge of
the maintenance and operation of the railroads of the Company and shall perform
such other duties as may be prescribed or conferred by the Chief Operating
Officer.

SECTION 11. The other Executive Vice Presidents and Senior Vice
Presidents elected from time to time shall perform such duties and possess such
powers as may be prescribed or conferred by the Board of Directors or the
President.

SECTION 12. The Vice President and General Counsel shall have general
supervision of all legal business of the Company except as otherwise provided
in Section 13 of this ARTICLE IV, and shall perform such other duties as may be
prescribed or conferred by the Chairman of the Executive Committee.

SECTION 13. The Vice President and General Tax Counsel shall, under the
control of the Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer,
have charge of all aspects of federal, foreign, state and local taxes and shall
perform such other duties as may be prescribed or conferred by the Executive
Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer.

SECTION 14. The other Vice Presidents elected from time to time shall
perform such duties and possess such powers as may be prescribed or conferred
by the Board of Directors or the President.

SECTION 15. Except as otherwise provided herein or directed by the Board
of Directors, the Chief Accounting Officer shall have immediate charge of the
general books, accounts and statistics of the Company and shall be the
custodian of all vouchers, drafts, invoices and other evidences of payment and
all bonds, interest coupons and other evidences of indebtedness which shall
have been canceled. He is authorized to approve for payment by the Treasurer
vouchers, payrolls, drafts or other accounts. He shall have prepared
periodically or specially as requested by him with the approval of and in forms
prescribed by the Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer,
statements of operating revenues and expenses and estimates thereof and of
expenditures and estimates on all other accounts; and copies of all statistical
data that may be compiled in regular course and also other information in
reference to the financial affairs and operations of the Company and of any
subsidiary company that may be required by the Executive Vice President-Finance
and Chief Financial Officer or the Board of Directors. He shall submit for
each regular meeting of the Board of Directors, and, at such other times as may
be required by said Board or the Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief
Financial Officer, statements of operating results, of cash resources and
requirements and of appropriations for Capital Expenditures, and shall perform
such other duties as the Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial
Officer may from time to time direct.

-7-

SECTION 16. The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders,
the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, and keep a record of all
their proceedings. He shall procure and keep in his files copies of the
minutes of all meetings of the stockholders, boards of directors and executive
committees of all companies a majority of whose capital stock is owned by this
Company. He shall be the custodian of the seal of the Company. He shall have
the power to affix the seal of the Company to instruments, the execution of
which is authorized by these By-Laws or by action of the Board of Directors or
Executive Committee, and to attest the same. He shall have supervision of the
issuance, transfer and registration of the capital stock and debt securities of
the Company. He shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him by
the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the Chairman of the
Executive Committee.

The Assistant Secretaries shall have power to affix the seal of the
Company to instruments, the execution of which is authorized by these By-laws
or by action of the Board of Directors or Executive Committee, and to attest
the same, and shall exercise such of the other powers and perform such of the
other duties of the Secretary as shall be assigned to them by the Secretary.

SECTION 17. Except as otherwise provided herein or directed by the Board
of Directors, the Treasurer shall be the custodian of all moneys, stocks,
bonds, notes and other securities of the Company. He is authorized to receive
and receipt for stocks, bonds, notes and other securities belonging to the
Company or which are received for its account. All stocks, bonds, notes and
other securities in the custody of the Treasurer shall be held in the safe
deposit vaults of the Company or in one or more depositories selected by the
Treasurer or other officer authorized by the Board of Directors, in each case
subject to access thereto as shall from time to time be authorized or required
by the Board of Directors, the Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief
Financial Officer or the Treasurer. Stocks, bonds, notes and other securities
shall be deposited in the safe deposit vaults or depositories, or withdrawn
from them, only by persons and pursuant to procedures as shall be determined by
the Board of Directors, the Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief
Financial Officer or the Treasurer. The Treasurer is authorized and empowered
to receive and collect all moneys due to the Company and to receipt therefor.
All moneys received by the Treasurer shall be deposited to the credit of the
Company in such depositories as shall be designated by the Board of Directors,
the Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer
or such other officers as may be authorized by the Board of Directors; and the
Treasurer or other officer designated by the Treasurer may endorse for deposit
therein all checks, drafts, or vouchers drawn to the order of the Company or
payable to it. He is also authorized to draw checks against any funds to the
credit of the Company in any of its depositories. All such checks shall be
signed by such persons, either by manual or facsimile signature, as shall be
authorized by the Board of Directors and countersigned if required by the Board
of Directors. The Treasurer is authorized to make disbursements in settlement
of vouchers, payrolls, drafts or other accounts, when approved for payment by
the Chief Accounting Officer; or such other person as shall be authorized by
the Board of Directors, the Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief
Financial Officer or these By-Laws; for payments which have been otherwise
ordered or provided for by the Board of Directors or the Executive Vice
President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer; for interest on bonds and
dividends on stock when due and payable; for vouchers, pay checks, drafts and
other accounts properly certified to by the duly authorized officers of the
Company and approved for payment by or on behalf of the Chief Accounting
Officer; and for vouchers, pay checks, drafts and other accounts approved

-8-

by the officers duly authorized to approve for payment of any company which this
Company controls through ownership of stock or otherwise, as may be designated in
writing from time to time by the Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief
Financial Officer to the Treasurer. He shall cause to be kept in his office
true and full accounts of all receipts and disbursements of his office. He
shall also perform such other duties as shall be assigned to him by the
Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer.

The Assistant Treasurers may exercise all the powers of the Treasurer
herein conferred in respect of the receipt of moneys and securities,
endorsement for deposit and signature of checks.

-9-

ARTICLE V

SUPERVISION, REMOVAL AND SALARIES OF 
OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES

SECTION 1. Any officer or employee elected or appointed by the Board of
Directors may be removed as such at any time by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the directors then in office, with or without cause. Any other
officer or employee of the Company may be removed at any time by vote of the
Board of Directors or of the Executive Committee or by the officer supervising
such officer or employee, with or without cause.

SECTION 2. All officers, agents and employees of the Company, in the
exercise of the powers conferred and the performance of the duties imposed upon
them, by these By-Laws or otherwise, shall at all times be subject to the
direction, supervision and control of the Board of Directors or the Executive
Committee.

SECTION 3. No office or position shall be created and no person shall be
employed at a salary of more than 300,000 per annum, and no salary shall be
increased to an amount in excess of 300,000 per annum, without the approval of
the Board of Directors or Executive Committee.

SECTION 4. Except to the extent otherwise provided in the GCL, the Board
of Directors may from time to time vest general authority in the Chairman of
the Board, the Chairman of the Executive Committee, the Chief Executive
Officer, the President, the Chief Operating Officer, the Head of any department
or office of the Company, or any such other officer of the Company as any of
the foregoing shall designate, for the sole determination of disposition of any
matter which otherwise would be required to be considered by the Board of
Directors or the Executive Committee under the provisions of this Article.

-10-

ARTICLE VI

CONTRACTS AND EXPENDITURES

SECTION 1. All capital expenditures, leases and property dispositions
must be authorized by the Board of Directors or Executive Committee, except
that general or specific authority with regard to such matters may be delegated
to such officers of the Company as the Board of Directors may from time to time
direct to the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of the GCL.

SECTION 2. Expenditures chargeable to operating expenses may be made by
or under the direction of the Head of the department in which they are
required, without explicit or further authority from the Board of Directors or
Executive Committee, subject to direction, restriction or prohibition by the
Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the Executive Committee, the Chief
Executive Officer, the President or the Chief Operating Officer.

SECTION 3. No contract shall be made without the approval of the Board of
Directors or Executive Committee, except as authorized by the Board of
Directors or these By-Laws.

SECTION 4. Contracts for work, labor and services and materials and
supplies, the expenditures for which will be chargeable to operating expenses,
may be made in the name and on behalf of the Company by the Chairman of the
Board, the Chairman of the Executive Committee, the Chief Executive Officer,
the President or the Chief Operating Officer, or by such officer as he shall
designate, without further authority.

SECTION 5. All written contracts and agreements to which the Company may
become a party shall be approved as to form by or under the direction of
counsel for the Company.

SECTION 6. The Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the Executive
Committee, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Operating
Officer and the Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents and Vice
Presidents shall severally have the power to execute on behalf of the Company
any deed, bond, indenture, certificate, note, contract or other instrument
authorized or approved by, or pursuant to authority granted by, the Board of
Directors or the Executive Committee, and to cause the corporate seal to be
thereto affixed and attested by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary.

SECTION 7. Except to the extent otherwise provided in the GCL, the Board
of Directors may from time to time vest general or specific authority in such
officers of the Company as the Board of Directors shall designate for the sole
determination of disposition of any matter which otherwise would be required to
be considered by the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee under the
provisions of this Article.

-11-

ARTICLE VII

INDEMNIFICATION

SECTION 1. The Company shall indemnify to the full extent permitted by
law any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that (i) such
person is or was a director or officer of the Company or (ii) while a director
or officer of the Company, such person is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise. The indemnification provided in this
Section 1 of this Article VII shall include the right to receive payment in
advance of the final disposition of any such action, suit or proceeding of any
expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by any such person in defending
such action, suit or proceeding, consistent with the provisions of then
applicable law. For purposes of this Article VII, the term other enterprise 
shall include any employee benefit plan; and serving at the request of the
Company shall include any service as a director or officer of the Company
which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with
respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and any
action by a person with respect to an employee benefit plan taken in good faith
and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the
participants and beneficiaries of such plan shall be deemed to be action not
opposed to the best interests of the Company. This Section 1 of this Article
VII shall not apply to any action, suit or proceeding pending or threatened on
the date of adoption hereof provided that the right of the Company to indemnify
any person with respect thereto shall not be limited hereby.

SECTION 2. Any indemnification under Section 1 of this Article VII
(unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Company only as authorized in
the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or
former director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person
has met the applicable standard of conduct required by law. Such determination
shall be made by the persons authorized by the GCL.

SECTION 3. Notwithstanding Sections 1 and 2 of this Article VII, except
for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Company shall not be
obligated to indemnify any director or officer in connection with a proceeding
(or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part
thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors. The
indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by Section 1 of this
Article VII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any
person seeking indemnification may be entitled under any law, agreement, vote
of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in
such person s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while
holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a
director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and
administrators of such a person. Any amendment or repeal of Section 1 or
Section 2 of this Article VII or this Section 3 shall not limit the right of
any person to indemnity with respect to actions taken or omitted to be taken by
such person prior to such amendment or repeal.

-12-

ARTICLE VIII

FINAL

SECTION 1. The common corporate seal is, and, until otherwise ordered by
the Board of Directors, shall be, an impression upon paper or wax, circular in
form, with the words Union Pacific Railroad Company and Delaware on the
outer edge thereof.

SECTION 2. Except as otherwise proved by the GCL, these By-Laws may be
altered, amended or repealed at a meeting of the stockholders by a majority
vote of those present in person or by proxy or at any meeting of the Board of
Directors by a majority vote of the directors then in office.

-13-

</EX-3.(A)>

<EX-12>
 4
 d13270exv12.htm
 COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

exv12 

Exhibit 12 

RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 
 Union Pacific Railroad Company and Consolidated Subsidiary and Affiliate Companies 

Millions of Dollars, Except for Ratio 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 
 
 2000 
 
 1999 

Income from continuing operations

1,140 

1,374 

1,058 

926 

854 

Undistributed equity (earnings) loss

15 

(34) 

(48) 

24 

(45) 

Total earnings

1,155 

1,340 

1,010 

950 

809 

Income taxes

629 

739 

613 

511 

465 

Fixed charges:

Interest expense including
amortization of debt discount

492 

541 

584 

592 

618 

Portion of rentals representing an interest
factor

168 

167 

176 

169 

181 

Total fixed charges

660 

708 

760 

761 

799 

Earnings available for fixed charges

2,444 

2,787 

2,383 

2,222 

2,073 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges

3.7 

3.9 

3.1 

2.9 

2.6 

55

</EX-12>

<EX-24>
 5
 d13270exv24.htm
 POWERS OF ATTORNEY

exv24 

Exhibit 24 

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY 
Powers of Attorney 

Each of the undersigned directors of Union Pacific Railroad Company, a
Delaware corporation (the Company ), do hereby appoint each of James R. Young,
Carl W. von Bernuth and Thomas E. Whitaker his or her true and lawful
attorney-in-fact and agent, to sign on his or her behalf the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2003, and any and all
amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Power of Attorney
as of January 29, 2004.

/s/ Phillip F. Anschutz

/s/ Elbridge T. Gerry, Jr 

Phillip F. Anschutz

Elbridge T. Gerry, Jr 

/s/ Thomas J. Donohue

/s/ Judith Richards Hope 

Thomas J. Donohue

Judith Richards Hope 

/s/ Archie W. Dunham

/s/ Richard J. Mahoney 

Archie W. Dunham

Richard J. Mahoney 

/s/ Spencer F. Eccles

/s/ Steven R. Rogel 

Spencer F. Eccles

Steven R. Rogel 

/s/ Ivor J. Evans

/s/ Ernesto Zedillo 

Ivor J. Evans

Ernesto Zedillo 

56

</EX-24>

<EX-31.(A)>
 6
 d13270exv31wxay.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)

exv31wxay 

Exhibit 31(a) 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Richard K. Davidson, certify that:

 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Union Pacific Railroad
Company;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;

(b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and

 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.

Date: March 5, 2004

/s/ Richard K. Davidson

Richard K. Davidson 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Union Pacific Railroad Company 

57

</EX-31.(A)>

<EX-31.(B)>
 7
 d13270exv31wxby.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)

exv31wxby 

Exhibit 31(b) 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Robert M. Knight, Jr., certify that:

 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Union Pacific Railroad
Company;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;

(b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and

 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.

Date: March 5, 2004

/s/ Robert M. Knight, Jr.

Robert M. Knight, Jr. 

Executive Vice President - Finance 
and Chief Financial Officer 
Union Pacific Railroad Company 

58

</EX-31.(B)>

<EX-32>
 8
 d13270exv32.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

exv32 

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Union Pacific Railroad
Company (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2003 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
Report), I, Richard K. Davidson, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge,
that:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.

By:

/s/ Richard K. Davidson 

Richard K. Davidson 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Union Pacific Railroad Company 

March 5, 2004

 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Union Pacific Railroad
Company (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2003 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
Report), I, Robert M. Knight, Jr., Executive Vice President Finance and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the
best of my knowledge, that:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.

By:

/s/ Robert M. Knight, Jr. 

Robert M. Knight, Jr. 
Executive Vice President Finance 
and Chief Financial Officer 
Union Pacific Railroad Company 

March 5, 2004

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

59

</EX-32>

