<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20040315_10-K_edgar_data_106455_0000106455-04-000021.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>872382</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>323268</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>325108</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>1</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000106455-04-000021.hdr.sgml : 20040315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040315143853
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000106455-04-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20031231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESTMORELAND COAL CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000106455
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BITUMINOUS COAL & LIGNITE MINING [1220]
		IRS NUMBER:				231128670
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11155
		FILM NUMBER:		04669030

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 NORTH CASCADE AVENUE 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			COLORADO SPRINGS
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80903
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7194422600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 N CASCADE AVE
		STREET 2:		# 14THFL
		CITY:			COLORADO SPRINGS
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80903-1614

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 E75/PicR4ZooAtaH1XLjPo9WC76HTbpgghyidxSK9pu0UJaXL488mUbgmVLu66mR
 0G4criSQOmjgppc3b6Fh9Q==

 0000106455-04-000021.txt : 20040315

10-K
 1
 wcc_10k03.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED 12/31/2003

Form 10-K

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington,
D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 (Mark One) 

(X) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 

 OR 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _______. 

 Commission File No. 001-11155 

WESTMORELAND COAL COMPANY 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 23-1128670 
 
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization) (I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.) 
 14th Floor, 2 North Cascade Avenue, Colorado
Springs, CO 80903 
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code:
 (719) 442-2600 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

TITLE OF EACH CLASS 
 NAME OF STOCK EXCHANGE 
 ON WHICH REGISTERED 

Common Stock, par value 2.50 per share 
 American Stock Exchange 

Depositary Shares, each representing 
 one-quarter of a share of Series A Convertible 
 Exchangeable Preferred Stock 

Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Series A Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Stock, par value 1.00 per share 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. 

Yes X No ___

 Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

X 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as defined in Exchange Act Rule
12b-2). 

Yes X No ___

 The aggregate market value
of voting common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2003 was
 123,081,000. 

 There were 8,023,384 shares
outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock, 2.50 Par Value (the
registrant s only class of common stock), as of March 10, 2004. 

 There were 820,333
depositary shares, each representing one quarter of a share of the
registrant s Series A Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Stock, 1.00 par
value per preferred share, outstanding as of March 10, 2004. 

 The definitive proxy
statement to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
covered by this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference into Part III. 

i 

WESTMORELAND
COAL COMPANY 
FORM 10-K 
ANNUAL REPORT
 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

Item 
 
 Page 

PART I 

1 
 Business 
 2 

2 
 Properties 
 14 

3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 

4 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 25 

PART II 

5 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 27 

6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 29 

7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations 
 30 

7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 

8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 

9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
 Financial Disclosure 
 95 

9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 95 

PART III 

10 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 95 

11 
 Executive Compensation 
 95 

12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Stockholder Matters 
 95 

13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 95 

14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 95 

PART IV 

15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule, and Reports on Form 8-K 
 96 

Signatures 
 
 105 

1 

Throughout this Form 10-K,
we make statements which are not historical facts or information and that may be
deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the
information set forth in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. For example, words such as may, 
 will, should, estimates, 
 predicts, potential, continue, 
 strategy, believes, anticipates, 
 plans, expects, intends, and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such
forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors, which may cause the actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements of the Company, or industry results, to be
materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such
factors include, among others, the following: general economic and business
conditions; health care cost trends; the cost and capacity of the surety bond
market; the Company s ability to manage growth and significantly expanded
operations; the ability of the Company to implement its business strategy; the
Company s ability to pay the preferred stock dividends that are accumulated
but unpaid; the Company s ability to retain key senior management; the
Company s access to financing; the Company s ability to maintain
compliance with debt covenant requirements; the Company s ability to
successfully identify new business opportunities; the Company s ability to
achieve anticipated cost savings and profitability targets; the Company s
ability to negotiate profitable coal contracts, price reopeners and extensions;
the Company s ability to maintain satisfactory labor relations; changes in
the industry; competition; the Company s ability to utilize its income tax
net operating losses; the ability to reinvest excess cash at an acceptable rate
of return; weather conditions; the availability of transportation; price of
alternative fuels; costs of coal produced by other countries; demand for
electricity; the effect of regulatory and legal proceedings, including the
bankruptcy filing by Touch America Holdings Inc. and Entech Inc.; the claims
between the Company and Montana Power; and the other factors discussed in Items
1, 3 and 7. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, no assurance can be
given as to the future results and achievement of the Company s goals. The
Company disclaims any duty to update these statements, even if subsequent events
cause its views to change. 

 References in this document
to www.westmoreland.com, any variations of the foregoing, or any other uniform
resource locator, or URL, are inactive textual references only. The information
on our Web site or any other Web site is not incorporated by reference into this
document and should not be considered to be a part of this document. 

 PART I 

ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS 

We are an energy company. We
are the oldest independent coal company in the United States with our origin in
1854. The coal we mine is used to produce electric power, and we own interests
in power-generating plants. Beginning in 2004, we also will receive royalties
from the production of coalbed methane gas. 

2 

Coal Operations 

 We were the 10th largest
coal producer in the Unites States, ranked by tons of coal mined in 2002, the
last year for which data is available. In 2003, we increased our coal production
to 27.7 million tons, about 3 of all the coal produced in the United States,
and we believe that we continue to rank among the top 10 U.S. coal producers. 

Mines 

We own five mines; all
except the Jewett Mine are located in the northern tier, a niche coal market
extending from Montana through Minnesota and other upper Midwestern states. The
mines are: 

the Absaloka Mine, 

the Rosebud Mine, 

the Jewett Mine, 

the Beulah Mine, and 

the Savage Mine. 

The Absaloka Mine is owned
by our subsidiary, Westmoreland Resources, Inc. The Beulah, Jewett, Rosebud, and
Savage Mines are owned by our subsidiary, Westmoreland Mining LLC. 

 All of these mines are
surface mines. Surface mining involves extracting coal that lies close to the
surface. Where the surface layer contains rock, electric drills are used to
drill holes in the rock, explosives are inserted, and the blast loosens the
layer of rock. Earth-moving equipment removes the overburden the layer of
dirt and rock that lies between the surface and the coal. A machine called a
dragline is typically used to remove a substantial portion of the overburden.
Draglines are very large our largest dragline weighs approximately 7,000
tons and has a bucket capacity of 128 cubic yards. Smaller pieces of equipment,
including bulldozers, front end loaders, scrapers, and dump trucks move the
remainder of the overburden. Once the coal has been exposed, bulldozers,
front-end loaders, backhoes, or electric shovels load the coal in dump trucks.
After the coal has been extracted, it is processed (typically by crushing),
sampled (or assayed ), and then shipped to customers. 

 The Absaloka Mine is
located on approximately 15,000 acres in Big Horn County, Montana, near the town
of Hardin. Coal was first extracted from the Absaloka Mine in 1974. Westmoreland
Resources owns the Absaloka Mine. We own 80 of the stock of Westmoreland
Resources. Washington Group International, Inc. owns the remaining 20 and
operates the mine. Unless otherwise indicated, we own 100 of each of our other
subsidiaries. 

 The Rosebud Mine is located
on approximately 25,000 acres in Rosebud and Treasure Counties, Montana, near
the town of Colstrip, about 130 miles east of Billings. Coal production from the
existing mine complex began in 1968. Coal was first mined near Colstrip in 1924.
Westmoreland Mining s subsidiary, Western Energy Company, owns and operates
the Rosebud Mine. Westmoreland Mining acquired the stock of Western Energy from
Entech, Inc., a subsidiary of the Montana Power Company, in April 2001. 

 The Jewett Mine is located
on approximately 35,000 acres in Freestone, Leon, and Limestone Counties, Texas,
near the town of Jewett, about half way between Dallas and Houston. The Jewett
Mine produces lignite, a type of coal with a lower Btu value per ton than
sub-bituminous or bituminous coal. Btu is a measure of heat energy.
The higher the Btu value, the more energy is produced when the coal is burned.
Lignite was first extracted from the Jewett Mine in 1985. Westmoreland
Mining s subsidiary, Northwestern Resources Co., owns and operates the
Jewett Mine. Westmoreland Mining acquired the stock of Northwestern Resources
from Entech, Inc., a subsidiary of The Montana Power Company, in April 2001. 

3 

The Beulah Mine is located
on approximately 9,300 acres in Mercer and Oliver Counties, North Dakota, near
the town of Beulah. The Beulah Mine also produces lignite. Lignite was first
extracted from the Beulah Mine in 1963. Westmoreland Mining s subsidiary,
Dakota Westmoreland Corporation, owns and operates the Beulah Mine. Westmoreland
Mining acquired the Beulah Mine in May 2001 from Knife River Corporation, a
subsidiary of MDU Resources Group. 

 The Savage Mine is located
on approximately 1,600 acres in Richland County, Montana, near the town of
Sidney. Production began at the Savage Mine in 1958. Westmoreland Mining s
subsidiary, Westmoreland Savage Corporation, owns and operates the Savage Mine.
Westmoreland Mining acquired the Savage Mine in May 2001 from Knife River
Corporation. 

 The following table
presents the sales from our mines in the last three years: 

Year 
 Absaloka Mine 
 Rosebud Mine 
 Jewett Mine 
 Beulah Mine 
 Savage Mine 

2003 
 6,016 
 11,003 
 7,462 
 2,816 
 379 

2002 
 5,160 
 10,061 
 7,105 
 3,006 
 337 

2001 
 5,904 
 11,284 (1) 
 7,138 (2) 
 3,087 (3) 
 346 (4) 

(1) Of this amount, 7,610,000 tons were sold in 2001 after we acquired the mine. 

(2) Of this amount, 4,463,000 tons were sold in 2001 after we acquired the mine. 

(3) Of this amount, 2,014,000 tons were sold in 2001 after we acquired the mine. 

(4) Of this amount, 236,000 tons were sold in 2001 after we acquired the mine. 

Customers, Competition, and Coal Supply Agreements. 

We supply coal to plants
that generate electricity. These plants compete with all other producers of
electricity to be dispatched, or called upon to generate power. We
compete with many other suppliers of coal to provide fuel to these plants. 

We believe that the competitive advantage of our mines derives from two facts: 

all of our mines are the lowest cost-suppliers to each of their respective principal customers; 

Nearly all of the power plants we supply were specifically designed to use our coal 

4 

The plants we supply are
among the lower cost producers of electric power in their respective regions and
employ emissions control technology. As a result, we believe that the
power-generating plants that we supply are more likely to be dispatched, and
that our mines will be supplying the coal that powers these generating units.
(Power-generating plants of this type are sometimes called baseload 
or baseloaded plants.) 

 From the standpoint of a
purchaser of coal, two of the principal costs of burning coal are the cost of
the coal and the cost of transporting the coal from the point of extraction to
the purchaser. The Rosebud, Jewett, and Beulah Mines sell their coal to power
plants located adjacent to the mines, so that the coal can be delivered by
conveyor belt or in-pit truck rather than by more expensive means such as
on-road truck or rail. The customers of the Savage Mine are located 25-30 miles
from the mine, so that coal can be transported economically by on-road truck.
The Absaloka Mine enjoys about a 300 mile advantage over its principle
competitors from the Southern Powder River Basin, SPRB ). We believe
that all of our mines are the lowest cost-suppliers to each of their respective
customers, and that certain of our mines are also in a position to be the next
lowest cost alternative suppliers to these customers. 

 The Rosebud Mine s
primary customers are the owners of the four-unit Colstrip Station, which has a
generating capacity of approximately 2,200 megawatts, or MW, and is located
adjacent to the mine. The Rosebud Mine has supplied the Colstrip Station since
1975, when Colstrip Units 1 2 commenced commercial operations. Western
Energy sells this coal under long-term contracts expiring in 2009 for Colstrip
Units 1 2 and in 2019 for Colstrip Units 3 4. The contract with Colstrip
Units 1 2 specifies the base price per ton we will receive. The base price
is subject to adjustment for certain indices and changes in our costs. Under
this contract, we are also entitled to receive a reasonable profit. The price
under this contract is renegotiated or reopened at 5 year intervals.
We are currently arbitrating the final reopener, from 2001. We settled the cost
portion of the price reopener in December 2003. During the first week of March
2004, we arbitrated the profit component, and we are awaiting the
arbitrators decision. Western Energy s coal supply agreement with the
owners of Colstrip Units 3 4 is a cost-plus arrangement that provides a
return on investment on mine assets as well as certain set fees. The owners of
Colstrip Units 3 4 also compensate Western Energy under separate contract
for transporting the coal to them on a conveyor belt that Western Energy owns.
With certain exceptions, the contracts with the owners of the Colstrip Station
are full requirements contracts; that is, the Colstrip Units are required to
purchase their coal requirements from or through the Rosebud Mine. The Rosebud
Mine also supplies coal to Minnesota Power under a coal supply agreement that
expires in 2008. Under this contract, Minnesota Power pays a base price per ton,
which increases each year by a fixed percentage. 

 The Jewett Mine s sole
customer is Texas Genco, L.P., the owner of the two-unit Limestone Electric
Generating Station, which has a generating capacity of approximately 1,710 MW
and is located adjacent to the mine. The Jewett Mine has supplied the Limestone
Station since 1985, when it commenced commercial operations. The Jewett Mine
sells lignite to Texas Genco pursuant to an Amended Lignite Supply Agreement ALSA that expires in 2015. The ALSA provides for the annual
determination of volumes and pricing, with pricing based on an equivalent value
of coal from Wyoming s SPRB, as delivered to and used at the Limestone
Station. Northwestern Resources and Texas Genco have disputed the proper
interpretation of some elements of the ALSA from time to time. In January of
2004, Northwestern Resources and Texas Genco settled certain of the disputes
between them. Among other things, Texas Genco committed to purchase
approximately 7 million tons of lignite from the Jewett Mine per year during the
years 2004 through 2007, and, for that same period, the parties agreed to the
price for that lignite, and resolved various contract disputes. 

5 

The Beulah Mine supplies
the Coyote Station, which has a generating capacity of approximately 420 MW and
is located adjacent to the mine, and the Heskett Station, which has a generating
capacity of 100 MW and is located in Mandan, North Dakota, approximately 74
miles from the mine. (Coal is shipped to the Heskett Station on the Burlington
Northern Santa Fe Railway BNSF ).) The Beulah Mine has supplied the
Coyote Station since 1981, when it commenced commercial operations, and the
Heskett Station since 1963. The contract with the Coyote Station expires in
2016. The contract with the Heskett Station expires in 2005, but we have the
option to renew it for an additional five years. The price of the coal under
these contracts is based on certain of the Beulah Mine s costs, is adjusted
for certain indices and mine costs, and for the Coyote Station is supplemented
by a provision setting forth guaranteed minimum and maximum net income levels.
The Beulah Mine s contracts with the Coyote Station and with a minor
exception, the Heskett Station are each full requirements contracts. 

 The Savage Mine supplies
coal to the Lewis Clark Station, which has a generating capacity of
approximately 49 MW, and the Sidney Sugars plant, which uses coal from the
Savage Mine to heat its boilers and process sugar beets. These facilities are
located approximately 20 and 25 miles from the mine, respectively, so that coal
can be transported to them economically by on-road truck. The Savage Mine has
supplied the Lewis Clark Station since 1958, when it commenced commercial
operations. The Savage Mine s contracts with the Lewis Clark Station
and the Sidney Sugars plant run until 2007 and 2008, respectively. These
contracts, which involve smaller volumes than our other coal supply contracts,
are with minor exceptions each full requirements contracts. 

 The Absaloka Mine faces a
different competitive situation than our other mines. The Absaloka Mine sells
its coal in the rail market, to utilities located in the northern tier of the
United States that are served by the BNSF. These utilities may purchase coal
from us or from other producers, and we compete with other producers on the
basis of price and quality, with the purchasers also taking into account the
cost of transporting the coal to their plants. The Absaloka Mine was developed
to supply the Sherburne County Station, a three unit power plant near
Minneapolis, Minnesota, with a generating capacity of 2,292 MW. The Absaloka
Mine has a transportation advantage to the Sherburne County Station because it
is located about 300 rail miles closer to that power plant than other mines
competing for that business. The Absaloka Mine has supplied the Sherburne County
Station since 1976, when it commenced commercial operations. The Absaloka Mine
has three separate coal sales contracts to supply the Sherburne County Station.
The largest, with Xcel Energy, covers 3.4 million tons per year and expires in
2007. Westmoreland Resources also currently supplies 1.0 million tons per year
to the Sherburne County Station through an agreement held by Westmoreland Coal
Sales Company with Xcel Energy. We are paid prices under these contracts that
are adjusted by certain indices. The second largest, with Western Fuels
Association, the fuel buyer for Southern Minnesota Municipal Power Agency SMMPA ), covers almost all of SMMPA s fuel requirements for
Unit 3 at the Sherburne County Station, or approximately 1.5 million tons per
year, and expires in 2007. The price we receive under this contract is also
adjusted by certain indices. The Absaloka Mine also sells coal to the Xcel
Energy s A.S. King Station and to Consumers Energy Company, through Midwest
Energy Resources Company (a subsidiary of Detroit Edison), under
contracts expiring in 2007 and 2004, respectively. 

 In February 2004, we
reached agreement with the Crow Tribe for exploration of new coal reserves in
order to continue serving these customers beyond exhaustion of the reserves in
our existing lease. 

6 

The following table shows,
for each of the past five years, our coal revenues, the tons sold from mines
that we owned at the time of production, the percentage of our coal sales made
under long-term contracts, and the weighted average price per ton that we
received under these long-term contracts. 

Year 
 Coal Revenues in Dollars (in 000 s) 
 Coal Sales in Equivalent Tons (in 000 s) 
 Percentage of Coal Sales Under Long-Term Contracts 
 Weighted Average Price Per Ton Received under Long-Term Contracts (1) 

2003 
 294,986 
 27,762 
 99 
 10.45 

2002 
 301,235 
 26,062 
 100 
 11.29 

2001 
 231,048 
 20,503 
 99 
 11.05 

2000 
 35,137 
 4,910 
 100 
 7.16 

1999 
 38,539 
 5,466 
 100 
 7.05 

(1) 
 The weighted average price per ton that we received declined from 2002 to 2003 principally because, as
 anticipated, the Jewett Mine transitioned from cost-plus-fees pricing to the market-based pricing
 mechanism described above, effective July 1, 2002. 

Our coal revenues include
amounts earned by our coal sales company from sales of coal produced by mines
other than ours. In 2003 and 2002, such amounts were 5.5 million and 6.8
million, respectively. 

 We consider a contract that
calls for deliveries to be made over a period longer than one year a long-term
contract. In 2003, our two largest contract customers, the owners of Colstrip
Units 3 4 and Texas Genco, accounted for 34 and 24 , respectively, of our
coal revenues. No other customer or contract accounted for as much as 10 of our
coal revenues in 2003. The owners of Colstrip Units 3 4 are Avista
Corporation, NorthWestern Corporation, PacifiCorp, Portland General Electric
Company, PPL Montana LLC, and Puget Sound Energy, Inc. 

 The following table
presents our estimate of the sales under our existing long-term contracts, for
the next five years. The prices for all of these tons are subject to revision
and adjustments based upon market prices, certain indices, and/or cost recovery.
We also would expect to continue to supply customers whose contracts expire
before the end of 2008, but have not included those tonnages in this projection. 

Projected Sales Tonnage Under 

Existing Long-Term Contracts 
(in millions of tons) 

2004 
 29.6 

2005 
 28.8 

2006 
 28.3 

2007 
 27.8 

2008 
 22.3 

7 

This table generally
excludes new contracts and takes into account the scheduled outages at our
customers plants, where known. We anticipate replacing sales as contracts
expire with extensions, new contracts, or spot sales over the life of our coal
reserves. 

Protecting the Environment 

We consider ourselves
stewards of the environment. We reclaim the areas that we mine, and we believe
that our activities are in compliance with all federal, state, and local laws
and regulations. 

 Our reclamation activities
consist of filling the voids created during coal removal, replacing sub-soils
and top-soils and then re-establishing the vegetative cover. At the conclusion
of our reclamation activities the area disturbed by our mining will look similar
to what it did before we mined. Before we are released from all liability under
our permits, we will have restored the area where we removed coal to a
productive state that meets or exceeds the use of the land before we mined. 

 We address the impacts our
mining operations have on wildlife habitat and on sites with cultural
significance. At the Jewett Mine, we preserve the nesting area of the Interior
Least Tern, a bird threatened in the region. The Rosebud Mine has altered its
mining plan to preserve Native American petroglyphs on rock formations. Similar
culturally significant sites have been excavated by trained archeologists.
Historic buildings on mine property have been moved to preserve them. We
endeavor to operate as good environmental stewards, citizens and neighbors. 

Safety 

Safety is important to us.
We maintain active safety programs at all of our mines. Our mines focus on 100 
compliance with safe practices, safety rules, and regulations. Based on data
from the Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA ), an agency of
the U.S. Department of the Interior, our mines had a lost-time incident rate of
1.48 in 2003, compared to the national average of 2.35 (through third quarter).
 The lost-time incident
rate is an industry standard measure of safety performance for surface mines
that measures frequency of incidents. 

 Independent
Power Operations 

 Through Westmoreland Energy
LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, we own interests in three
power-generating plants: 

a 50 interest in the Roanoke Valley I Project, a 180 MW coal-fired plant located in Weldon, North
 Carolina; 

a 50 interest in the Roanoke Valley II Project, a 50 MW coal-fired plant also located in Weldon,
 North Carolina; and 

a 4.49 interest in the Fort Lupton Project, a 290 MW natural-gas fired plant
located in Fort Lupton, Colorado. 

We call the Roanoke Valley
units ROVA I and ROVA II and both units the ROVA Project. 

 The ROVA Project and the
Fort Lupton Project are each independent power projects. Independent power
projects are power-generating plants that were not built by the regulated
utility that purchases the plant s output. 

8 

Each of these projects has
a long-term contract with a fuel supplier and a long-term contract with a
 steam host, a business that uses the steam that is generated in the
production of power. These projects also have long-term contracts with electric
utilities, which purchase the power that the projects generate. The table below
presents information about each of our projects. 

Project 
 Roanoke Valley I 
 Roanoke Valley II 
 Ft. Lupton 

Location 
 Weldon, North Carolina 
 Weldon, North Carolina 
 Ft. Lupton, Colorado 

Gross Megawatt Capacity 
 180 MW 
 50 MW 
 290 MW 

Our Equity Ownership 
 50.0 
 50.0 
 4.49 

Electricity Purchaser 
 Dominion Virginia Power 
 Dominion Virginia Power 
 Public Service of Colorado 

Steam Host 
 Patch Rubber Company 
 Patch Rubber Company 
 Rocky Mtn. Produce, Ltd 

Fuel Type 
 Coal 
 Coal 
 Natural Gas 

Fuel Supplier 
 TECO Coal/ CONSOL 
 TECO Coal/ CONSOL 
 Thermo Fuels, Inc. 

Commercial Operation Commencement Date 
 1994 
 1995 
 1994 

Contracts with steam host electricy purchaser expire in 
 2019 
 2020 
 Unit 1 - 2019 Unit 2 - 2009 

Like the power plants to which
we sell coal, these projects compete with all other producers of electricity.
The ROVA Project is baseloaded. In 2003, ROVA I had a capacity factor of 89 and
ROVA II had a capacity factor of 90 . ROVA I produced 1,301,000 megawatt hours
(MWh) in 2003; ROVA II produced 352,000 MWh during the year. 

 The Fort Lupton Project is
a peaking plant. It provides power only when the demand for
electricity exceeds the output of baseloaded units. The Fort Lupton Project
produced approximately 899,000 MWh during 2003. 

 Other
Activities 

 As part of our 2001
acquisitions, we obtained the stock of North Central Energy Company North
Central ). North Central owns property and mineral rights in southern
Colorado. In 2003, North Central leased the rights to explore, drill, and
produce coalbed methane gas to Petrogulf Corporation for 300,000 and a royalty
interest on production from wells drilled on North Central s properties.
Coalbed methane gas is natural gas that occurs in coal beds. Coalbed methane gas
typically has a heating value, or Btu content, similar to that of other forms of
natural gas and has uses identical to and competes with other forms of natural
gas. As of December 31, 2003, twelve wells had been drilled. Commercial
production began in early 2004. In 2003, North Central also sold certain surface
and mineral property to local land owners for 1.4 million. 

9 

Due to our excellent
historical loss record, we have elected to retain some of the risks associated
with operating our company, through the retention of a certain level of primary
property and casualty insurance, thereby reducing the effect of escalating
insurance premiums in those lines. We retain these risks through our
wholly-owned, consolidated insurance subsidiary, Westmoreland Risk Management
Ltd., a Bermuda corporation. We reduce our major exposure by insuring for losses
in excess of our retained limits with a number of third party insurance
companies. We have elected to report Westmoreland Risk Management as a taxable
entity in the United States. 

 We previously owned a 20 
partnership interest in Dominion Terminal Associates DTA ), the
owner of a coal storage and vessel-loading facility in Newport News, Virginia.
We sold our interest in DTA effective June 30, 2003. 

 Except for the assets of
Westmoreland Risk Management, all of our assets are located in the United
States. We had no export sales and derived no revenues from outside the United
States during the five-year period ended December 31, 2003. 

 Seasonality 

 Our business is somewhat
seasonal: 

The owners of the power plants to which we supply coal typically schedule
maintenance for those plants in the spring and fall, when demand for electric
power is typically less than it is during other seasons. For this reason, our
coal revenues are usually higher in the winter and summer. 

The ROVA Project also typically undergoes scheduled maintenance in the spring
and fall, so our equity in earnings from independent power is also lower in
those seasons. 

Government
Regulation 

 Numerous federal, state and
local governmental permits and approvals are required for mining and independent
power operations. Both our coal mining business and our independent power
operations are subject to extensive governmental regulation, particularly with
regard to matters such as employee health and safety, and permitting and
licensing requirements which cover all phases of environmental protection. The
permitting process encompasses both federal and state laws, addressing
reclamation and restoration of mined land and protection of hydrologic
resources. Federal regulations also protect the benefits for current and retired
coal miners. 

 We believe that our
operations comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and it is our policy
to operate in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including
those involving environmental matters. However, because of extensive and
comprehensive regulatory requirements, violations occur from time to time in the
mining and independent power industries. None of the violations to date or the
monetary penalties assessed upon us has been material. 

Environmental Laws 

We are subject to various
federal, state and local environmental laws. Some of these laws, discussed
below, place many requirements on our mines and the independent power plants in
which we own interests. 

10 

Surface Mining
Control and Reclamation Act. The Surface Mining Control and
Reclamation Act of 1977 SMCRA ), which is administered by the Office
of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement OSM ), establishes
mining, environmental protection and reclamation standards for all aspects of
surface mining. OSM may delegate authority to state regulatory programs if they
meet OSM standards. OSM has approved reclamation programs in Montana, North
Dakota and Texas, and these states regulatory agencies have assumed
primacy in mine environmental protection and compliance. Mine operators must
obtain permits issued by the state regulatory authority. OSM maintains oversight
authority on the permitting and reclamation process. We endeavor to comply with
approved state regulations and those of OSM through contemporaneous reclamation,
maintenance and monitoring activities. 

 Each of our mining
operations must obtain all required permits before any activity can occur. Under
the states approved program, an applicant for a permit must address
requirements for coal prospecting; mine plan development; topsoil removal,
storage and replacement; selective handling of overburden materials; mine pit
backfilling and grading; protection of the hydrologic balance; subsidence
control for underground mines; surface drainage control; mine drainage and mine
discharge control and treatment; and re-vegetation. While there may be some
general differences between the states SMCRA approved programs, they are
all very similar. A permit applicant must supply detailed information regarding
its proposed operation including detailed studies of site conditions before
active mining begins, extensive mine plans that describe mining methods and
impacts, and reclamation plans that provide for restoration of all disturbed
areas. The state regulatory authority reviews the permit submission for
compliance with SMCRA and generally engages in a critical comment process
designed to insure regulatory compliance and successful reclamation. When the
state is satisfied that the permit applicant can and will comply with SMCRA, it
will issue a permit. To insure that the required final reclamation will be
performed, the state requires the permit applicant to post a bond that secures
the reclamation obligation. The bond will remain in place until all reclamation
has been completed. 

 SMCRA requires compliance
with many other major environmental programs. These programs include the Clean
Air Act; Clean Water Act; Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA and Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Acts CERCLA ). Besides OSM, other Federal regulatory
agencies are involved in monitoring or permitting specific aspects of mining
operations. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA is the
lead agency for States or Tribes with no authorized programs under the Clean
Water Act, RCRA and CERCLA. The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms ATF regulates the use of explosive blasting. 

 Clean Air Act.
 The Clean Air Act, the 1990 amendments to the Clean Air Act Clean Air Act Amendments ), and the corresponding state laws that
regulate air emissions affect our independent power interests and our mines both
directly and indirectly. Direct impacts on coal mining and processing operations
may occur through Clean Air Act permitting requirements and/or emission control
requirements. The Clean Air Act directly affects the ROVA Project and indirectly
affects our mines by extensively regulating the air emissions of particulates,
fugitive dust, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides and other compounds emitted by
coal-fired generating plants. 

 Title IV of the Clean Air
Act Amendments places limits on sulfur dioxide emissions from power-generating
plants and sets baseline emission standards for these facilities. The affected
electricity generators have been able to meet these requirements by, among other
ways, switching to lower sulfur fuels, installing pollution control devices,
such as flue gas desulphurization systems, which are known as
 scrubbers, reducing electricity generating levels or purchasing
sulfur dioxide emission allowances. Emission sources receive sulfur dioxide
emission allowances, which can be traded or sold. 

11 

The Clean Air Act
Amendments also require power plants that are major sources of nitrogen oxides
in moderate or higher ozone non-attainment areas to install reasonably available
control technology for nitrogen oxides, which are precursors of ozone. In
addition, the EPA promulgated final rules that would require coal-burning power
plants in 19 eastern states and Washington, D.C. to make substantial reductions
in nitrogen oxide emissions beginning in May 2004. Installation of additional
control measures required under the final rules will make it more costly to
operate coal-fired generating plants. We discuss these rules below in more
detail in the context of the ROVA Projects. 

 Clean Water Act.
 The Clean Water Act of 1972 affects coal mining operations by
establishing in-stream water quality standards and treatment standards for
effluent and/or waste water discharge through the National Pollutant Discharge
Elimination System NPDES ). Regular monitoring, reporting
requirements and performance standards are requirements of NPDES permits that
govern the discharge of pollutants into water. States are also adopting
anti-degradation regulations in which a state designates certain water bodies or
streams as high quality. These regulations would prohibit the
diminution of water quality in these streams. Waters discharged from coal mines
to high quality streams will be required to meet or exceed new high
quality standards. The designation of high quality streams at our coal
mines could require more costly water treatment and could aversely affect our
coal production. We believe that all of our mines are in compliance with current
discharge requirements. 

 Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act. The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ), which was enacted in 1976, affects coal mining operations by
establishing requirements for the treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous
wastes. Coal mine wastes, such as overburden and coal cleaning wastes, are
exempted from hazardous waste management. The EPA has concluded that coal
combustion wastes do not warrant regulation as hazardous wastes under RCRA and
has retained the hazardous waste exemption for these materials. However, the EPA
has determined that national non-hazardous waste regulations under RCRA are
needed for coal combustion wastes disposed in surface impoundments and landfills
and used as mine-fill. The agency also concluded beneficial uses of these
wastes, other than for mine-filling, pose no significant risk and no additional
national regulations are needed. As long as this exemption remains in effect, it
is not anticipated that regulation of coal combustion waste will have any
material effect on the amount of coal used by electricity generators. 

Health and Benefits 

Mine Safety and
Health. Congress enacted the Coal Mine Health and Safety Act in
1969. The Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 significantly expanded the
enforcement of safety and health standards and imposed safety and health
standards on all aspects of mining operations. The states in which we operate
have programs for mine safety and health regulation and enforcement. Our safety
activities are discussed above. 

 Black Lung.
 Under the Black Lung Benefits Revenue Act of 1977 and the Black
Lung Benefits Reform Act of 1977, as amended in 1981, each coal mine operator
must secure payment of federal black lung benefits to claimants who are current
and former employees and to a trust fund for the payment of benefits and medical
expenses to claimants who last worked in the coal industry prior to July 1,
1973. 

12 

Coal Act.
 As discussed in more detail below, the Coal Industry Retiree
Health Benefit Act imposes substantial costs on us. 

Independent Power 

Many of the environmental
laws and regulations described above, including the Clean Air Act Amendments,
the Clean Water Act and RCRA, apply to our independent power plants as well as
to our coal mining operations. These laws and regulations require a lengthy and
complex process of obtaining licenses, permits and approvals from federal, state
and local agencies. Meeting the requirements of each jurisdiction with authority
over a project can delay or sometimes prevent the completion of a proposed
project, as well as require extensive modifications to existing projects. The
operators of the ROVA and Fort Lupton Projects are responsible for obtaining the
required permits and complying with the relevant environmental laws. 

 On December 17, 1999, the
EPA issued regulations under Section 126 of the Clean Air Act (the Section
126 rule calling for combined nitrogen oxide reductions of 510,000 tons
during each annual ozone season (May 1 September 30) from certain named
power stations in the Eastern U.S., including the ROVA Project. The additional
nitrogen oxide reductions began in 2003, but in North Carolina compliance begins
in June 2004. The rule responds to petitions filed by several northeastern
states under Section 126 of the Clean Air Act and seeks to control nitrogen
oxide emissions that the petitioning states allege prevent them from attaining
the ambient air quality standards for ozone. Each source is assigned an
emissions allocation. 

 At this time, the ROVA
Project is evaluating strategies for complying with the Section 126 rule. In
2000, the ROVA Project installed neural networks in its boilers. The neural
network increases boiler efficiency and reduces nitrogen oxide and carbon
monoxide emissions. While the neural network reduces the level of nitrogen oxide
and carbon monoxide emissions from the ROVA Project, the project operator is
evaluating additional compliance strategies, including installation of
additional pollution control equipment and emission trading. 

 Employees 

 Including our subsidiaries,
we directly employed 919 people on December 31, 2003, compared with 882 people
on December 31, 2002. We hired more employees in 2003 in order to increase
production from the Rosebud Mine. Westmoreland Coal Company is not party to any
agreement with the United Mine Workers of America UMWA ), and its
last agreement with the UMWA expired on August 1, 1998. However, our Western
Energy subsidiary is party to an agreement with Local 400 of the International
Union of Operating Engineers IUOE ). In addition, our Dakota
Westmoreland and Westmoreland Savage subsidiaries assumed agreements with Local
1101 of the UMWA and Local 400 of the IUOE, respectively, when we purchased
Knife River s assets. 

 Information
about Segments 

 Please refer to Note 13 of
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the
segments of our business. 

13 

Available
Information 

 Our Internet address is
www.westmoreland.com. We do not intend for the information on our website to
constitute part of this report. We make available, free of charge on or through
our Internet website, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable
after we file those materials electronically with, or furnish them to, the
Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ITEM 2 - 
 PROPERTIES 

We operate mines in
Montana, Texas, and North Dakota. All of these mines are surface (open-pit)
mines. These properties contain coal reserves and coal deposits. A coal
reserve is that part of a mineral deposit that could be economically and
legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. We
include in coal reserves 162 million tons that are not fully
permitted but that otherwise meet the definition of coal reserves. 
Montana, Texas, and North Dakota each use a permitting process approved by the
Office of Surface Mining. We describe that process above in Item 1, under
 Governmental Regulation, and we explain our assessment of that
process as applied to these 162 million tons below. A coal deposit 
is a coal bearing body, which has been appropriately sampled and analyzed in
trenches, outcrops, and drilling to support sufficient tonnage and grade to
warrant further exploration work. This coal does not qualify as a coal
reserve until, among other things, we conduct a final comprehensive
evaluation based upon unit cost per ton, recoverability, and other material
factors and conclude that it is legally and economically feasible to mine the
coal. 

 All of our final
reclamation obligations are secured by bonds as required by the respective state
agencies. Payment of the actual cost of the major portion of final reclamation
is the responsibility of third parties. Contemporaneous reclamation activities
are performed at each mine in the normal course of operations and coal
production. 

14 

The following table
provides information about our mines as of December 31, 2003. 

Absaloka Mine 
 Rosebud Mine 
 Jewett Mine 
 Beulah Mine 
 Savage Mine 

Owned by 
 Westmoreland Resources, Inc. 
 Western Energy Company 
 Northwestern Resources Co. 
 Dakota Westmoreland Corporation 
 Westmoreland Savage Corporation 

Location 
 Big Horn County, MT 
 Rosebud and Treasure Counties, MT 
 Leon, Freestone and Limestone Counties, TX 
 Mercer and Oliver Counties, ND 
 Richland County, MT 

Coal Reserves (thousands of tons) Proven 
 (1) Probable 
 (3) 
 53,586 (2) 0 
 233,841 (2) 0 
 99,859 0 
 40,471 (2) 3,815 
 12,90 0 (2) 4,008 

Permitted Reserves (thousands of tons) 
 28,000 
 154,941 
 99,859 
 6,000 
 4,300 

Coal Deposits (thousands of tons)(4) 
 576,584 
 280,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 

2003 Production (thousands of tons) 
 6,016 
 11,003 
 7,462 
 2,816 
 379 

Lessor 
 Crow Tribe 
 Federal Govt; State of MT; Great Northern Properties 
 Private parties 
 Private parties; State of ND; Federal Govt 
 Federal Govt; Private parties 

Lease Term 
 Through exhaustion 
 varies 
 varies 
 2009-2019 
 varies 

Curent production capacity (millions of tons) 
 7 
 12 
 7 
 4 
 0.4 

Coal Type 
 Sub-bituminous 
 Sub-bituminous 
 Lignite 
 Lignite 
 Lignite 

Acres disturbed by mining 
 3,520 
 14,652 
 13,250 
 4,221 
 503 

Acres for which reclamation is complete 
 2,400 
 6,782 
 8,816 
 2,849 
 209 

Major Customers 
 Xcel Energy, Western Fuels Assoc., Midwest Energy 
 PPL Montana, Puget Sound, Portland General, Avista, Pacificorp, Minnesota Power 
 Texas Genco 
 Otter Tail, MDU, Minnkota, Northwestern Public Service 
 MDU, Sidney Sugars 

Delivery Method 
 Rail 
 Truck / Rail / Conveyor 
 Conveyor 
 Conveyor / Rail 
 Truck 

Approx. Heat Content (BTU/lb.) (5) 
 8,700 
 8,529 
 6,670 
 7,000 
 6,371 

Approx. Sulfur Content ) (6) 
 0.63 
 0.74 
 1.00 
 1.00 
 0.45 

Year Opened 
 1974 
 1975(7) 
 1985 
 1963 
 1958 

Total Tons Mined Since Inception (million of tons) 
 127.8 
 346 
 141 
 79 
 12 

(1) 
 
Proven coal reserves are reserves for which (a) quantity is computed from dimensions revealed in
 outcrops, trenches, workings or drill holes; grade and/or quality are computed from the results of
 detailed sampling; and (b) the sites for inspection, sampling and measurement are spaced so closely and
 the geologic character is so well defined that size, shape, depth and mineral content of reserves are
 well-established. In addition, all coal reserves are "assigned" coal reserves: coal that we have
 committed to operating mining equipment and plant facilities. 

15 

(2) 
 
Includes tons for each mine as described below that are not fully permitted but otherwise meet the
 definition of "proven" coal reserves. 

(3) 
 
Probable reserves are reserves for which quantity and grade and/or quality are computed from information
 similar to that used for proven reserves, but the sites for inspection, sampling, and measurement are
 farther apart or are otherwise less adequately spaced. The degree of assurance, although lower than that
 for proven reserves, is high enough to assume continuity between points of observation. 

(4) 
 
We have assigned all coal deposits to operating mining equipment and plant facilities. 

(5) 
 
Approximate heat content applies to the coal mined in 2003. 

(6) 
 
Approximate sulfur content applies to the tons mined in 2003. 

(7) 
 
Initial sales from the current mine complex began in 1975. Mining first occurred at the site in
 1924. 

We lease all our coal properties
except at the Jewett Mine, where some reserves are controlled through fee
ownership. We believe that we have satisfied all conditions that we must meet in
order to retain the properties and keep the leases in force. 

 Absaloka Mine 

 Our Westmoreland Resources
subsidiary began constructing the mine in late 1972. Construction was completed
in early 1974. Westmoreland Resources has been the mine s only owner. 

 The Absaloka Mine s
primary excavating machine (completed in 1979) is a dragline with a bucket
capacity of 110 cubic yards. Westmoreland Resources owns the dragline. The
Absaloka Mine s facilities consist of a truck dump, primary and secondary
crushers, conveyors, coal storage barn, train loadout, rail loop, shop,
warehouse, boiler house, deep well and water treatment plant, and other support
facilities. These facilities date from the construction of the mine.
Westmoreland Resources mining contractor and minority stockholder owns
most of the other equipment at the mine. 

 We believe that all the
coal reserves and coal deposits shown in the table above for the Absaloka Mine
are recoverable through the Absaloka Mine s existing facilities with
current technology and the existing infrastructure. These reserves and deposits
were estimated to be 799.8 million tons as of January 1, 1980, based principally
upon a report by Intrasearch, Inc., an independent firm of consulting
geologists, prepared in February 1980. 

 Westmoreland Resources
leases all of its remaining coal reserves and coal deposits from the Crow Tribe
of Indians. The lease runs until exhaustion of the mineable and merchantable
coal in the acreage subject to the lease. In February 2004, Westmoreland
Resources reached an agreement with the Crow Tribe to explore and develop
additional acreage located on the Crow reservation immediately adjacent to the
Absaloka Mine. 

 Washington Group is
contractually responsible for reclaiming the Absaloka Mine, whatever the cost,
except for 1.7 million, which is the responsibility of Westmoreland Resources
and is being funded through annual installments of 113,000 through 2005.
Washington Group is also contractually obligated to fund a reclamation escrow
account or post security for its reclamation obligation. After reclamation is
complete, Westmoreland Resources is responsible for maintaining and monitoring
the reclaimed property until the release of the reclamation bond. For the
property mined through December 31, 2003, Westmoreland Resources 
estimated future cost of maintaining and monitoring the property until bond
release is 1.5 million. 

16 

Of the 53.6 million tons
shown for the Absaloka Mine in the table above as proven coal reserves, 25.6
million tons are not fully permitted but otherwise meet the definition of
 coal reserves. Westmoreland Resources has chosen not to obtain
permits for all of the coal reserves in its current mine plan because it already
has sufficient permitted coal to meet production, given the current rate of
mining and demand, through 2007. In Montana, the Department of Environmental
Quality regulates surface mining and issues mining permits
under its OSM-approved program. In Montana, it typically takes two to four years
from the time an initial application is filed to obtain a new permit. We
anticipate that Westmoreland Resources will file an application covering an
estimated 25 million tons of unpermitted reserves in the first half of 2004. We
do not believe additional exploration or development of this area is necessary
for Westmoreland Resources to obtain the necessary permits. Based upon our
current knowledge of the permitting process in Montana and the nature of the
Absaloka Mine s reserves, we believe that there are no matters that would
hinder Westmoreland Resources ability to obtain this mining permit on a
timely basis. 

 The operator of the
Absaloka Mine purchases electric power under a long-term contract with
Northwestern Energy, the local utility. The mine is accessed
from Route 384 via County Road 42. 

 Rosebud Mine 

 The Northern Pacific
Railroad began mining coal for its steam locomotives at Colstrip in 1924 and
continued to do so until 1958. In 1959, the Montana Power Company purchased the
property. Montana Power formed Western Energy Company in 1966 to operate the
Rosebud Mine with initial sales to the Corette Station in 1968. Construction of
Colstrip Station began in 1975. The long-term contracts
required for this plant provided the foundation for a major expansion of the
Rosebud Mine. We acquired the stock of Western Energy in 2001. 

 The Rosebud Mine s
primary excavating machines are four draglines, three with bucket-capacities of
60 cubic yards, purchased in 1975, 1976, and 1980, and one with a
bucket-capacity of 80 cubic yards, purchased in 1983. The Rosebud Mine s
facilities consist of truck dumps, crushing, storage, and conveying systems, a
rail loadout, rail loop, shops, warehouses, and other support facilities. These
facilities date from 1974. 

 We estimate that the
Rosebud Mine had coal reserves of 233.8 million tons as of December 31,
2003. This estimate is based on a study of the Rosebud
Mine s reserves dated October 31, 2003 conducted by Western Energy and
adjusted for production since that date. We estimate that the
Rosebud Mine had coal deposits of approximately 280 million tons at the end of
2003. This estimate is based on a study of the reserves at the Rosebud Mine
dated September 28, 1994, prepared by the Environmental and Engineering
Department of Western Energy while it was owned by Montana Power. This study was
updated by Rosebud engineering in 2003. Our estimate is also based in part on a
lease with the U.S. Department of the Interior that Western Energy obtained in
1999. We believe that all of these reserves are recoverable
through the Rosebud Mine s existing facilities with current technology and
the existing infrastructure. 

 We are responsible for
reclaiming the Rosebud Mine. The owners of the Colstrip Station are responsible
for paying the costs of reclamation relating to mine areas where its coal supply
is produced, which is approximately 63 of the estimated total cost of final
reclamation for the Rosebud Mine. Certain owners have satisfied these
obligations by prefunding their respective portions of those costs. 

17 

Of the 233.8 million tons
shown for the Rosebud Mine in the table above as proven coal reserves, 78.9
million tons are not fully permitted but otherwise meet the definition of
 coal reserves. Western Energy has chosen not to permit all of the
coal reserves in its mine plan because it already has sufficient coal in its
current permitted mine plan, given the current rate of mining and demand for its
production, through 2013. Based upon our current knowledge of the nature of the
remaining reserves and the permitting process in Montana, we believe that there
are no matters that would hinder Western Energy s ability to obtain
additional mining permits in the future. 

 The Rosebud Mine purchases
electric power from NorthWestern Energy under regulated default supply pricing.
Access to the mine is from Highway 39 via Castle Rock Road. 

 Jewett Mine 

 Development of the Jewett
Mine began in 1979, when Northwestern Resources and Utility Fuels, Inc. signed
an agreement calling for production of the most economic 240 million
tons from the project area to supply the planned Limestone Station. The
coal deposit was evaluated through a series of exploration programs, including
physical and chemical analysis, according to predetermined criteria. The Jewett
Mine has been in continuous operation since 1985 and consists of five active
areas with as many as four lignite seams within each area. Since 1979, ownership
of the Limestone Station has been transferred several times, most recently to
Texas Genco. We acquired the stock of Northwestern Resources in 2001. 

 The Jewett Mine s
primary excavating machines consist of three walking draglines, each with a
bucket-capacity of 84 cubic yards, one walking dragline with a bucket-capacity
of 128 cubic yards, and one bucketwheel excavator. The Jewett Mine s
facilities consist of a truck dump, crusher, conveyors, coal storage,
shop/warehouse complex, administrative support buildings, and water treatment
facilities. These facilities date from the construction of the mine. Texas Genco
owns the draglines, the bucketwheel and other mobile equipment used to extract
lignite and provides this equipment to Northwestern Resources without charge.
Northwestern Resources is obligated to maintain the draglines and all other
plant and equipment so that they continue to be serviceable and support
production comparable to the original specifications. 

 Exploration work for the
mine commenced in the late 1970s, and Northwestern Resources geologists
and engineers prepared the initial estimates of the mine s reserves at a
time when Montana Power owned Northwestern Resources. To further define the coal
reserve, exploration drilling was utilized to delineate that part of the deposit
that could economically be mined. Additional drilling has been conducted from
time to time to further define the limits of the coal seams. As of December 31,
2003, all planned exploration is complete. We believe that all the Jewett
Mine s coal reserves are recoverable through its existing facilities with
current technology and the existing infrastructure. 

 Final reclamation of the
Jewett Mine, at the end of its useful life, is the financial responsibility of
its customer. 

 The Railroad Commission of
Texas, or RCT, regulates surface mining in Texas and issues mining permits under
its OSM-approved program. In Texas, it typically takes eighteen months to two
years from the time an initial application is filed to obtain a new permit. A
permit term encompasses five years of mining. The Jewett Mine currently holds
two mining permits that cover 100 of the proven coal reserves in the table
above. Permit 32E is a renewal of the same general permit that has been in place
and actively mined since 1985. Permit 32E expired in July 2003; however, the RCT
allowed the Jewett Mine to continue to operate pending a decision on our
application to renew that permit. We submitted an application
to renew this permit to the RCT in the first quarter of 2002. The renewal term
will be from the date of the RCT approval through July 2008, and we do not
expect the RCT s delay in renewing the permit prior to July 2003 to affect
the mine s operations. The final review and approval of
the Permit 32E renewal is ongoing and is expected to be approved in the first
quarter of 2004. Based on our current knowledge of the permitting process in
Texas and the nature of these reserves, we believe that there are no matters
that would hinder Northwestern Resources ability to obtain this permit.
Permit 47 is a new permit. The current term for Permit 47 is December 2001
through December 2006. 

18 

The Jewett Mine purchases
electric power from the Brazos River Authority and Navasota Valley Electric
Cooperative. The mine may be accessed on Farm to Market Road 39. 

 Beulah Mine 

 Knife River Corporation
began producing lignite at the Beulah Mine in 1963. The mine has two working
areas, the West Brush Creek area and the East Beulah area. We purchased the
assets of the Beulah Mine from Knife River in 2001. 

 The Beulah Mine s
primary excavating machines are a dragline with a bucket-capacity of 17 cubic
yards, constructed in 1963, which operates in the West Brush Creek area, and a
dragline with a bucket-capacity of 84 cubic yards, constructed in 1980, which
removes overburden at East Beulah. The Beulah Mine s facilities consist of
a truck dump hopper, primary and secondary crushers, conveyors, train loadout,
railroad spur, coal storage bin, and coal stockpile. The support facilities
include several maintenance shops, equipment storage buildings, warehouse,
employee change houses, and mine office and trailers. These facilities date from
1963 and have been replaced consistent with normal industry practices. 

 We estimate that the total
owned and leased coal reserves at the Beulah Mine were approximately 44.3
million tons at December 31, 2003. We believe that all of
these reserves are recoverable through the Beulah Mine s existing
facilities with current technology and the existing infrastructure. 

 We are responsible for
reclaiming the Beulah Mine and paying the cost of our reclamation obligations. 

 Of the 44.3 million tons
shown for the Beulah Mine in the table above as proven and probable coal
reserves, 34.5 million tons are not fully permitted but otherwise meet the
definition of coal reserves. Of the total reserves shown,
approximately 3.5 million tons in the West Brush Creek area and 2.5 million tons
at East Beulah are fully permitted at this time. Based on the current estimated
production rates of 500,000 and 2.5 million tons respectively, there are roughly
seven and one years, respectively, remaining under the current permitted mine
plans. The mine is currently awaiting approval of a permit extension that will
add six years and 700 acres of permitted reserves to the East Beulah permit.
North Dakota Public Service Commission regulates surface mining in North Dakota
and issues mining permits under its OSM-approved program. In North Dakota, it
typically takes one to two years from the time an initial application is filed
to obtain a new permit. Based on our current knowledge of the
permitting process in North Dakota and the environmental issues associated with
these reserves, we believe that there are no matters that would hinder our
ability to obtain any mining permits in the future. 

 The Beulah Mine purchases
electric power from MDU. The mine is accessed from North Dakota Highway 49. 

19 

Savage Mine 

 Knife River began producing
lignite at the Savage Mine in 1958. We purchased the assets of the Savage Mine
from Knife River in 2001. 

 The Savage Mine s
primary excavating machine is a walking dragline with a bucket-capacity of 12
cubic yards. The Savage Mine s facilities consist of a truck dump, near-pit
crushing unit, conveyors, and coal stockpile; support facilities include a shop,
warehouse, and mine office. These facilities date from 1958 and have been
replaced consistent with normal industry practices. The processing facilities
were constructed in 1996. The facilities were modified and upgraded in 2001. 

 We estimate that the total
owned and leased coal reserves at the Savage Mine were approximately 16.9
million tons at December 31, 2003. These reserves were estimated as of
January 1, 1999, based principally upon a report prepared by Weir International
Mining Consultants, an independent consulting firm, and updated by our
engineering staff in 2003. We believe that all of these reserves are recoverable
through the Savage Mine s existing facilities with current technology and
the existing infrastructure. 

 We are responsible for
reclaiming the Savage Mine and paying the cost of our reclamation obligations. 

 Of the tons shown for the
Savage Mine in the table above as coal reserves, approximately 4.3 million tons
are fully permitted at this time and 12.6 million tons are not fully permitted
but otherwise meet the definition of coal reserves. We have chosen
not to permit all of the coal reserves in the Savage Mine s plan because
the mine already has sufficient coal in its current permitted mine plan given
the current rate of mining and demand for its production through 2017. Based
upon our current knowledge of the nature of the remaining reserves and the
permitting process in Montana, we believe that there are no matters that would
hinder our ability to obtain additional mining permits at the Savage Mine in the
future. 

 The Savage Mine purchases
electric power from MDU. The mine is accessed from Montana Highway 16 via County
Road 107. 

 Other 

 Refer to Note 3 to
Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of Westmoreland
Energy s properties. 

ITEM 3 - 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are party to legal
proceedings. We have presented the proceedings below based on the name of the
Westmoreland entity that is party to the proceeding. We are vigorously
contesting each of these proceedings. 

20 

Legal
proceedings involving Westmoreland Coal Company 

1974 Plan Arbitration 

One element of the
Company s heritage health benefit costs is pensions under the 1974 UMWA
Retirement Plan 1974 Plan ). The 1974 Plan is a multiemployer plan
under ERISA. Under ERISA, a company that withdraws is liable for its share of
the plan s unfunded liabilities as of the date of withdrawal. We terminated
our last covered employee in July 1998 and the 1974 Plan asserted a withdrawal
liability claim of 13.8 million against us which ERISA permits to be paid over
a period of years with interest. We believed the claim was erroneous and
arbitrated. ERISA requires a withdrawing company to pay its withdrawal liability
while it contests any liability determinations. We began paying monthly
installments of 172,000 (principle and interest) in October 2000 and would have
continued to make these payments through September 2007. On March 8, 2004 the
1974 Plan and the Company agreed to settle the pending arbitration based on
payment of 7.5 million of the claimed due amount of 13.8 million plus the 4.8
million in interest paid. As a result of the settlement the Company reversed the
remaining accrued withdrawal liability of 6.3 million and recognized it as
income. In addition, the Company avoids paying approximately 2.1 million
annually for the next three years to the 1974 Plan. 

Combined Benefit Fund Litigation 

Under the Coal Act, we are
required to provide postretirement medical benefits for certain UMWA miners and
their dependents by making premium payments into the benefit plans, including
the UMWA Combined Benefit Fund. The amount we pay is a function of the number of
individuals for which we must make payment assigned
beneficiaries and the assessment rate. We and many other coal
companies are now litigating in the U.S. District Court for the District of
Maryland to determine the proper assessment rate. 

 In 1995, the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of Alabama held that the assessment rate under
the Coal Act included the actual amount of money reimbursed to the UMWA Benefit
Plans by the Health Care Financing Administration HCFA ). The
Court s decision resulted in a lower premium obligation. In 1996, the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit upheld the district court s decision.
The Social Security Administration SSA ), which now makes these
assessments, proceeded to comply with the decision and applied the assessment
which yielded a lower premium to all coal companies. 

 In 1996, the Trustees of
the Combined Fund filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of
Columbia seeking to have the Alabama decision set aside. In November 2002, the
U.S. District Court held that the provisions of the Coal Act that the Alabama
court had reviewed were ambiguous and directed the SSA to explain why it had
applied the Alabama decision to all coal companies, rather than just the
participants in the Alabama litigation. On June 10, 2003, the SSA notified the
Court that it could not locate any record that would explain why it decided to
apply the 1996 Alabama decision nationwide but assumed that decision was based
on fairness and ease of administration for the SSA. After the June
10 th letter, the SSA began to use the methodology that resulted in
higher assessments for all coal companies except those party to the Alabama
litigation. The Trustees of the Combined Fund notified us that we would be
subject to higher premiums and assessed a retroactive premium that
represented the amount that we would have paid if the methodology that yields
the higher premium had been used since 1996. The amount of the retroactive
premium was 4.7 million, payable over the twelve months commencing October
2003. The net effect of these assessments increased our monthly payments to the
Combined Fund from less than 400,000 to 859,000 for the twelve months ending
October 2004. 

 On July 16, 2003, we and
other companies with obligations to the Combined Fund filed a complaint in the
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Alabama which sought to prevent
the increased assessment and retroactive assessment from taking effect. On
September 10, the Trustees of the Combined Fund filed suit in the U.S. District
Court for the District of Columbia. The Trustees sought to confirm that all coal
companies not party to the 1996 Alabama litigation are obligated to pay the
newly calculated, higher premium, as determined by the SSA on June 10, 2003. 

21 

The Trustees of the
Combined Fund sought to transfer the Alabama litigation to the District of
Columbia. In October 2003, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
Alabama held that venue was proper in Alabama but transferred the case to the
U.S. District Court in Baltimore, Maryland, where the SSA is headquartered. In
February 2004, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia transferred
the Trustees suit to Baltimore. 

Purchase Price Adjustment 

We purchased Montana
Power s coal business from its subsidiary Entech in April 2001. The final
purchase price is subject to adjustment. Under our Stock Purchase Agreement with
Entech, the purchase price is to be adjusted as of the date the transaction
closed, to reflect the net assets of the business on the closing date and the
net revenues that the business earned between January 1, 2001 and the closing
date. In June 2001, Entech proposed adjustments that would increase the purchase
price by approximately 9.0 million. In July 2001, we objected to Entech s
adjustments and proposed our own adjustments. Our proposal would result in a
substantial decrease in the purchase price. The Stock Purchase Agreement
requires that the parties disagreements be submitted to an independent
accountant for resolution. Because some of our claims involved breaches of the
representations and warranties in the Stock Purchase Agreement, we also
submitted a timely claim for indemnification. 

 Litigation in the New York
courts ensued. On June 18, 2003, Touch America Holdings, Inc. (formerly Montana
Power Company) and Entech LLC (formerly Entech Inc.) filed bankruptcy petitions
in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware. The bankruptcy code automatically
stays pending litigation against Montana Power and Entech and prevents us and
others from commencing new actions against them outside the Bankruptcy Court. As
a result, the purchase price adjustment litigation is now stayed. 

 We have filed appropriate
proofs of claim with the Bankruptcy Court. We are also evaluating our options,
which include (1) seeking relief from the stay, so that we can continue to
pursue the purchase price adjustment claim through the independent accountant
and in an action at law in the New York courts, and (2) seeking to resolve our
claims as part of the bankruptcy proceeding. 

McGreevey Litigation 

In mid-November, 2002, we
were served with a complaint the plaintiffs Fourth Amended
Complaint in a case styled McGreevey et al. v. Montana Power Company et
al. The complaint was filed on October 4, 2002 in a Montana State court. The
plaintiffs filed their first complaint on August 16, 2001. The Fourth Amended
Complaint added us as a defendant to a shareholder suit against Montana Power,
various officers of Montana Power, the Board of Directors of Montana Power,
financial advisors and lawyers representing Montana Power, and the purchasers of
some of the businesses formerly owned by Montana Power and Entech. The
plaintiffs seek to rescind Montana Power s sale of its generating, oil and
gas, and transmission businesses, and Entech s sale of its coal business.
The Montana Power shareholders contend that they were entitled to vote to
approve the sale by Entech to the Company even though they were not shareholders
of Entech. Alternatively, they seek to compel the purchasers, including us, to
hold these businesses in trust for them. We have filed an answer, affirmative
defenses, and a counterclaim against the plaintiffs. 

22 

The litigation has been
transferred to the U.S. District Court in Billings, Montana. In December 2003,
Montana Power and Entech sought to enforce the bankruptcy code s automatic
stay against the McGreevey plaintiffs. The plaintiffs have consented to a stay
of the McGreevey litigation for approximately four months. 

 Legal
proceedings involving Westmoreland Coal Company and/or Westmoreland Energy 

 The ROVA Project is located
in Halifax County, North Carolina and is the County s largest taxpayer. In
2002, the County hired an independent consultant to review and audit property
tax returns for the previous five years. In May 2002, the County advised the
ROVA Project that its returns were being scrutinized for potential underpayment
and undervaluation of the property subject to tax. The ROVA Project responded
that its valuation was consistent with an agreement reached with the County in
1996. On November 5, 2002, the County assessed the ROVA Project 4.6 million for
the years 1997 to 2001. The ROVA Project filed a protest. Since that date the
County has increased the amount of its claim to 5.3 million, which includes tax
years 1996, 2002 and 2003. With penalty and interest, the total amount claimed
due by the County is 8.3 million. The ROVA Project Partnership believes its
position is meritorious however, it is impossible to predict the outcome. In
addition to the amounts assessed, the ROVA Project s future taxes would
increase approximately 600,000 per year, of which Westmoreland Energy could be
responsible for up to half. 

 Niagara Mohawk Power
Corporation NIMO was party to power purchase agreements with
independent power producers, including the Rensselaer project, in which we owned
an interest. In 1997, the New York Public Service Commission approved
NIMO s plan to terminate or restructure 29 power purchase contracts. The
Rensselaer project agreed to terminate its Power Purchase and Supply Agreement
after NIMO threatened to seize the project under its power of eminent domain.
NIMO and the Rensselaer project executed a settlement agreement in 1998. On
February 11, 2003, the North Carolina Department of Revenue notified us that it
had disallowed the exclusion of gain from the settlement agreement between NIMO
and the Rensselaer project. The State of North Carolina has assessed a current
tax of 3.5 million, interest of 1.0 million, and a penalty of 0.9 million. We
have filed a protest. The North Carolina Department of Revenue held a hearing on
May 28, 2003. In November 2003, we submitted further documentation to the State
to support our position and are awaiting their response. 

 Legal
proceedings involving Basin Resources, Inc. 

UMWA Benefits 

Basin Resources, Inc. was a
subsidiary of Entech. Until 1995, Basin operated the Golden Eagle mine near
Trinidad, Colorado. Basin s workforce was represented by the UMWA. Basin
signed a Basin-specific labor contract with the UMWA in 1993 that expired on
January 1, 1998. A group of Basin s former employees filed suit against the
company in the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado on April 21,
1998. They claimed that they were entitled to lifetime health benefits. Basin
argued that, when the contract expired, it was not obligated to continue to
provide health benefits. In April 1999, the trial judge granted the former
employees motion for summary judgment and ordered Basin to reinstate its
former health plan and pay covered medical costs incurred by the UMWA and
Basin s former employees. Basin appealed the District Court s decision
to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. We acquired Basin s
stock from Entech in April 2001, after the preceding events had occurred, and we
accrued an estimated obligation for Basin s liabilities as part of our
accounting for the 2001 acquisitions. 

23 

In September 2002, the
Court of Appeals reversed the trial court s award of summary judgment and
remanded the matter for trial. The trial took place on January 21, 2003 and on
January 23, 2003, a jury decided that the UMWA work force had bargained for and
Basin had agreed to provide lifetime health benefits. We have appealed this
decision to U.S. Court of the Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. 

Landowner Claim 

In 1998, Basin paid a
landowner 48,000 to settle a claim that Basin s operations had caused
subsidence that damaged his home. On March 22, 2001, the landowner filed a
second claim, in Las Animas County Court, Colorado, again alleging that
Basin s operations had caused subsidence that damaged his home. Basin
contested this claim. In December 2002, a judge of that court determined that
subsidence had occurred and awarded the landowner damages of 622,000 plus
attorney s fees. We believe that this award is excessive, in part because
the landowner s own expert placed the cost of repair below 100,000. We
also believe that the settlement in the first case bars the second claim. We
have appealed the case to the Colorado Intermediate Court of Appeals. 

 Legal
proceedings involving Westmoreland Coal Company, Westmoreland Resources, and/or
Western Energy 

 We have received demand
letters from the Montana Department of Revenue, as agent for the Minerals
Management Service MMS of the U.S. Department of the Interior,
asserting underpayment of royalties allegedly due at the Rosebud Mine. The
claims relate to the fees Western Energy receives to transport coal from the
contract delivery point to the customer. The DOR has also asserted claims
against us based on certain take or pay payments Western Energy 
 received when its customers did not require coal. Finally, the DOR has
asserted claims against us and our subsidiaries for adjustments for Montana
severance taxes, coal resources indemnity trust tax, and coal gross proceeds
tax. These assessments are dated September 23 and 24, 2002. The total amount of
the claims is approximately 15.5 million, including penalties and interest,
which continues to accrue. We continue to receive transportation fees. We expect
that the DOR will assert claims for additional underpayment and issue more
demand letters until we have completed the appeal process. The appeal process
will take several years. In the event of a negative outcome with the DOR and
MMS, we believe that certain of our customers are contractually obligated to
reimburse us for any claims we pay, plus our legal expenses and we have put them
on notice of their obligation. 

 The MMS also asserted
claims that certain fees paid by a customer to Westmoreland Resources to
dedicate a coal reserve for its use were part of the price of coal and subject
to royalty payments. Westmoreland Resources contested the assessment but, in the
process of negotiating the option to acquire additional coal reserves, agreed to
pay 1.5 million to settle this claim. 

 Legal
proceedings involving Northwestern Resources 

 Northwestern Resources and
Texas Genco have at various times disputed the interpretation of certain terms
of the ALSA. On May 6, 2003, Northwestern Resources filed suit in the District
Court of Limestone County, Texas, seeking damages for Texas Genco s failure
to take delivery of lignite in 2002 and for Texas Genco s purchases of
Powder River Basin coal without giving Northwestern Resources its contractual
rights of first refusal to supply the Limestone Station. Other claims for
damages and prayers for contract interpretation were asserted in the litigation.
Also on May 6, 2003, Texas Genco filed a complaint against Northwestern
Resources in the District Court of Harris County, Texas, seeking payment of
disputed royalties, alleging that it was owed a management fee under the old
Lignite Supply Agreement, and requesting a declaratory judgment regarding the
interpretation of certain provisions of the ALSA. On January 30, 2004,
Northwestern Resources and Texas Genco reached an agreement which resolved these
disputes, and agreed to price and tonnage through 2007. The litigation has been
dismissed. 

24 

Other 

 We and our subsidiaries are
party to other legal proceedings that are either not material or not out of the
ordinary course of business. 

ITEM 4 - 
 SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

No matter was submitted to
a vote of the Company s stockholders during the fourth quarter of 2003. 

25 

Executive
Officers of the Registrant 

 The following table shows
the executive officers of the Company, their ages as of March 1, 2004, positions
held and year of election to their present offices. No family relationships
exist among them. All of the officers are elected annually by the Board of
Directors and serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 

Name 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 Held Since 

Christopher K. Seglem (1) 
 57 
 
 Chairman of the Board, 
 1996 

President and 
 1992 

Chief Executive Officer 
 1993 

W. Michael Lepchitz (2) 
 50 
 
 Vice President, General Counsel 
 2000 

and Secretary 
 2001 

Ronald H. Beck (3) 
 59 
 
 Vice President - Finance and Treasurer, 
 2001 

Acting Chief Financial Officer 

Thomas G. Durham (4) 
 55 
 
 Vice President, Coal Operations 
 2000 

Todd A. Myers (5) 
 40 
 
 Vice President, Sales and Marketing 
 2000 

Douglas P. Kathol (6) 
 51 
 
 Vice President, Development 
 2003 

(1) 
 Mr. Seglem was elected President and Chief Operating Officer in June 1992, and a Director of
 Westmoreland in December 1992. In June 1993, he was elected Chief Executive Officer, at which time he
 relinquished the position of Chief Operating Officer. In June 1996, he was elected Chairman of the
 Board. He is a member of the bar of Pennsylvania. 

(2) 
 Mr. Lepchitz joined Westmoreland in 1991 as Assistant General Counsel. He was named General Counsel
 of Westmoreland Energy, Inc. (the predecessor of Westmoreland Energy, LLC) in 1995 and became President
 of Westmoreland Energy in 1997. In June 2000, Mr. Lepchitz was elected Vice President and General
 Counsel of Westmoreland Coal Company. In May 2001, he became Corporate Secretary of Westmoreland. He
 is a member of the bar of Virginia.

(3) 
 Mr. Beck joined Westmoreland in July 2001 as Vice President - Finance and Treasurer. In September
 2003, Mr. Beck also began serving as Acting Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Westmoreland he
 was a financial officer at Columbus Energy Corp. from 1985 to 2000, lastly as Vice President and Chief
 Financial Officer. 

(4) 
 Mr. Durham joined Westmoreland as Vice President, Coal Operations in April 2000. For the four years
 prior to joining Westmoreland, he was a Vice President of NorWest Mine Services, Inc. which provides
 worldwide consulting services on surface mining and other projects. Mr. Durham has 30 years of surface
 mine management and operations experience with various mining companies. He became a registered
 professional engineer in 1976. 

(5) 
 Mr. Myers re-joined Westmoreland in January 2000 as Vice President Marketing and Business
 Development and in 2002 became Vice President Sales and Marketing. He originally joined Westmoreland in
 1989 as a Market Analyst and was promoted in 1991 to Manager of the Contract Administration Department.
 He left Westmoreland in 1994. Between 1994 and 2000, he was Senior Consultant and Manager of the
 Environmental Consulting Group of a nationally recognized energy consulting firm, specializing in coal
 markets, independent power development, and environmental regulation. 

(6) 
 Mr. Kathol joined Westmoreland in August of 2003 as Vice President, Development. Prior to joining
 Westmoreland, Mr. Kathol was Senior Vice President and principal with Norwest Corporation (1985 to 2003)
 a firm that provides worldwide consulting services to the mining and energy industries. Mr. Kathol has
 held senior financial positions with other mining companies. 

26 

PART II 

ITEM 5 - 
 MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Market
Information: 

 The following table shows
the range of sales prices for the Company s common stock, par value 2.50
per share (the Common Stock ), and depositary shares, each
representing one quarter of a share of the Company s Series A Convertible
Exchangeable Preferred Stock, 1.00 par value per preferred share (the
 Depositary Shares for the past two years. 

 The Common Stock and
Depositary Shares are listed for trading on the American Stock Exchange AMEX and the sales prices below were reported by the AMEX. 

Sales Prices 

Common Stock 
 Depositary Shares 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 

2002 

First Quarter 
 15.49 
 10.80 
 34.00 
 28.06 

Second Quarter 
 16.44 
 12.25 
 36.99 
 32.50 

Third Quarter 
 13.55 
 8.30 
 35.50 
 28.00 

Fourth Quarter 
 12.85 
 10.00 
 34.00 
 31.00 

2003 

First Quarter 
 13.70 
 10.00 
 32.50 
 30.00 

Second Quarter 
 19.53 
 13.41 
 39.00 
 30.00 

Third Quarter 
 18.19 
 13.81 
 38.75 
 34.00 

Fourth Quarter 
 18.25 
 13.29 
 38.50 
 32.00 

Approximate
Number of Equity Security Holders of Record: 

Number of Holders of Record 

Title of Class 
 (as of December 31, 2003) 

Common Stock 2.50 par value) 
 1,500 

Depositary Shares, each representing 

one-quarter share of a share of Series A 

Convertible Exchangeable Preferred 

Stock 
 20 

Dividends: 

 We issued the depositary
shares on July 19, 1992. Each depositary share represents on-quarter of a share
of our Series A Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Stock. We paid quarterly
dividends on the depositary shares until the third quarter of 1995, when we
suspended dividend payments pursuant to the requirements of Delaware law,
described below. We resumed dividends to preferred shareholders on October 1,
2002 as described below. The quarterly dividends which are accumulated through
and including January 1, 2004 amount to 15.3 million in the aggregate 74.62
per preferred share or 18.65 per depositary share). We cannot pay dividends on
our common stock until we pay the accumulated preferred dividends in full. 

27 

There are statutory
restrictions limiting the payment of preferred stock dividends under Delaware
law, the state in which we are incorporated. Under Delaware law, we are
permitted to pay preferred stock dividends only: (1) out of surplus, surplus
being the amount of shareholders equity in excess of the par value of our
two classes of stock; or (2) in the event there is no surplus, out of net
profits for the fiscal year in which a preferred stock dividend is declared
(and/or out of net profits from the preceding fiscal year), but only to the
extent that shareholders equity exceeds the par value of the preferred
stock (which par value was 205,000 at December 31, 2003). We had
shareholders equity of 26.6 million and the par value of all outstanding
shares of preferred stock and shares of common stock aggregated 20.1 million at
December 31, 2003. 

 Our Board regularly
considers issues affecting our preferred shareholders, including current
dividends and the accumulated amount. Our Board is committed to meeting its
obligations to the preferred shareholders in a manner consistent with the best
interests of all quarterly dividends of 0.15 per depositary share beginning on
October 1, 2002, and we increased the dividend to 0.20 per depositary share
beginning on October 1, 2003. We have declared a quarterly dividend of 0.20 per
depositary share payable on April 1, 2004. 

 On August 9, 2002, our
Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 10 of the outstanding
depositary shares on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
with institutional and accredited investors between then and the end of 2004.
The timing and amount of depositary shares repurchased will be determined by our
management based on its evaluation of our capital resources, the priced of the
depositary shares offered to us and other factors. We will convert any acquired
depositary shares into shares of Series A Convertible Exchangeable Preferred
Stock and retire the preferred shares. We will fund the repurchase program from
working capital. Since the commencement of the depositary share purchase
program, we have purchased a total of 14,500 depositary shares for an aggregate
consideration of 457,000. We have not purchased any depositary shares since the
second quarter of 2003. 

 The successful
implementation of the initial phase of our strategic plan returned us to
profitability and made it possible for us to pay preferred dividends and
purchase depositary shares. These programs reflect our continuing commitment to
our preferred shareholders. 

 Information regarding the
Company s equity compensation plans and the securities authorized for
issuance thereunder is incorporated by reference in Item 12 below. 

28 

ITEM 6 - 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Westmoreland
Coal Company and Subsidiaries Five-Year Review 

2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 (1) 
 
 2000 
 
 1999 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Consolidated Statements of 

Operations Information 

Revenue Coal 
 
 294,986 
 
 301,235 
 
 231,048 
 
 35,137 
 
 38,539 

Independent power and other 
 
 15,824 
 
 14,506 
 
 15,871 
 
 32,260 
 
 34,492 

Total revenues 
 
 310,810 
 
 315,741 
 
 246,919 
 
 67,397 
 
 73,031 

Cost and expenses 
 
 303,695 
 
 296,908 
 
 233,307 
 
 60,170 
 
 62,849 

Impairment charges 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 4,632 
 
 - 

Operating income from continuing operations 
 
 7,115 
 
 18,833 
 
 13,612 
 
 2,595 
 
 10,182 

Interest expense 
 
 (10,114) 
 
 (10,821) 
 
 (8,418) 
 
 (911) 
 
 (1,135) 

Minority interest 
 
 (773) 
 
 (800) 
 
 (780) 
 
 (518) 
 
 (854) 

Interest and other income 
 
 3,121 
 
 4,128 
 
 3,229 
 
 867 
 
 1,826 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

from continuing operations 
 
 (651) 
 
 11,340 
 
 7,643 
 
 2,033 
 
 10,019 

Income tax benefit (expense) from continuing operations 
 
 10,971 
 
 2,368 
 
 (1,228) 
 
 (428) 
 
 82 

Income from continuing operations 
 
 10,320 
 
 13,708 
 
 6,415 
 
 1,605 
 
 10,101 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 
 
 2,113 
 
 (3,583) 
 
 (1,188) 
 
 (1,297) 
 
 (1,464) 

Net income before cumulative effect of 

change in accounting principle 
 
 12,433 
 
 10,125 
 
 5,227 
 
 308 
 
 8,637 

Cumulative effect of change in 

accounting principle 
 
 161 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 
 12,594 
 
 10,125 
 
 5,227 
 
 308 
 
 8,637 

Less preferred stock dividend 

requirements 
 
 1,752 
 
 1,772 
 
 1,776 
 
 1,776 
 
 2,992 

Net income (loss) applicable to 

common shareholders 
 
 10,842 
 
 8,353 
 
 3,451 
 
 (1,468) 
 
 5,645 

Net income (loss) per share applicable 

to common shareholders: 

Basic 
 
 1.39 
 
 1.10 
 
 0.48 
 
 (0.21) 
 
 0.80 

Diluted 
 
 1.30 
 
 1.03 
 
 0.43 
 
 (0.21) 
 
 0.79 

Weighted average number of common 

shares outstanding: 

Basic 
 
 7,799 
 
 7,608 
 
 7,239 
 
 7,070 
 
 7,040 

Diluted 
 
 8,338 
 
 8,147 
 
 8,000 
 
 7,070 
 
 7,146 

Balance Sheet Information 

Working capital (deficit) 
 
 5,555 
 
 10,143 
 
 11,346 
 
 (1,557) 
 
 8,886 

Net property, plant and equipment 
 
 151,349 
 
 189,532 
 
 197,271 
 
 34,693 
 
 36,558 

Total assets 
 
 457,837 
 
 471,957 
 
 466,532 
 
 139,096 
 
 142,297 

Total debt 
 
 93,469 
 
 100,157 
 
 122,910 
 
 - 
 
 1,563 

Shareholders equity 
 
 33,270 
 
 18,568 
 
 10,415 
 
 3,373 
 
 3,057 

(1) 
 
Effective April 30, 2001, the Company acquired the operating coal business of Montana Power and the
 coal assets of Knife River Corporation. Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 for further information. 

29 

ITEM 7 - 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking
Disclaimer 

 Throughout this Form 10-K,
we make statements that are not historical facts or information and that may be
deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the
information set forth in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. For example, words such as may, 
 will, should, estimates, 
 predicts, projects, potential, 
 continue, strategy, believes, 
 anticipates, plans, expects, 
 intends, and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements, or industry results,
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Such factors include, among others, the following: general economic
and business conditions; health care cost trends; the cost and capacity of the
surety bond market; our ability to manage growth and significantly expanded
operations; our ability to implement our growth and development strategy; our
ability to pay accumulated preferred stock dividends; our ability to retain key
senior management; our access to financing; our ability to maintain compliance
with debt covenants; our ability to identify new business opportunities; our
ability to negotiate new profitable coal contracts and price reopeners and
extensions of existing contracts; our ability to maintain satisfactory labor
relations; changes in the industry; competition; our ability to utilize our net
operating loss carryforwards; our ability to reinvest excess cash at acceptable
rates of return; weather conditions; the cost and availability of
transportation, including rail transportation; price of fuels other than coal;
the cost of coal produced by other countries; the demand for electricity; the
effect of regulatory and legal proceedings, including the bankruptcy filing by
Touch America Holdings Inc. and Entech Inc.; the claims between the Company and
Montana Power; and the other factors discussed in Items 1 and 3 and in this Item
7. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, we can give no assurance as
to our future results and achievements. We disclaim any duty to update these
statements, even if subsequent events cause our views to change. 

 Overview 

Competitive, economic and industry factors 

We are an energy company.
We mine coal, which is used to produce electric power, and we own interests in
power-generating plants. We will also begin to earn royalties from the
production of coalbed methane gas in 2004. All of our five mines supply
baseloaded power plants that comply with all applicable environmental laws,
several of these power plants are located adjacent to our mines, and we sell
virtually all our coal under long-term contracts. Consequently, our mines enjoy
relatively stable demand and pricing compared to competitors who sell more of
their production on the spot market. 

 In partnership with others,
we have successfully developed eight independent power projects totaling 866MW
of generating capacity. We have sold our interests in five of those projects. We
currently own a 50 interest in the ROVA I and II coal-fired plants, which have
a total generating capacity of 230MW. We also retain a 4.49 interest in the
Fort Lupton Project, which provides peaking power to the local utility. The ROVA
Project, which accounted for 96 of our equity in earnings from independent
power in 2003, is baseloaded and supplies power pursuant to a long-term
contract. 

30 

While the use of gas for
electric power generation has grown in recent years, coal provides approximately
52 of the electricity generated in this country and we expect demand for power
to grow at approximately 1 per year. Consequently, we believe demand for our
products will grow. 

Sources and uses of revenue and cash 

In 2003, approximately
two-thirds of our operating income came from coal operations, and one-third came
from independent power projects. The principal uses of revenue were the cost of
coal sales, heritage health benefit costs, and selling, general and
administrative expenses. 

 In 2001, in order to
finance the purchase of the Rosebud, Jewett, Beulah, and Savage Mines,
Westmoreland Mining borrowed 120 million from institutional lenders under a
term loan agreement. By the end of 2003, Westmoreland Mining had repaid 31.5
million of that 120 million and deposited an additional 17.4 million into two
restricted accounts for the benefit of its lenders. In early March 2004,
Westmoreland Mining made arrangements to borrow an additional 35 million from
the lenders pursuant to what we call the add-on facility. The 20.4
million fixed-rate Series C was drawn immediately and the additional 14.6
million floating rate Series D must be drawn before the end of 2004. The add-on
facility will permit Westmoreland Mining to undertake certain significant
capital projects in the near term without adversely affecting cash available to
the parent. 

 We may also seek additional
equity in 2004 for these purposes. 

Challenges 

Our five principal
challenges today are: 

inflation in medical costs, which can increase our expense for active employees
and heritage health benefit costs; 

bonding issues; 

transitioning from an approach that maximizes the use of our net operating loss carryforwards to one
 that considers the impact of the alternative minimum tax; 

managing the costs of our operations; and 

addressing the claims for potential taxes asserted by various governmental entities. 

We discuss these issues, as
well as the other challenges we face, elsewhere in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
including under Trends and Uncertainties. 

31 

We remain committed to
meeting our obligation for accumulated dividends to preferred shareholders. As
of January 1, 2004, 15.3 million has accumulated. Dividends of 0.20 per depositary share
 per quarter are now being paid. The accumulated amount will continue to increase
until quarterly dividends of 0.53 per depositary share are paid in full. 

 Critical
Accounting Estimates and Related Matters 

 Our discussion and analysis
of financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources
is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Generally
accepted accounting principles require that we make estimates and judgments. We
base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may
differ materially from these estimates. 

 We have made significant
judgments and estimates in connection with the following accounting matters. Our
senior management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of the
accounting estimates in the section below with the Audit Committee of our Board
of Directors. 

 In connection with our
discussion of these critical accounting matters, and in order to reduce
repetition, we also use this section to present information related to these
judgments and estimates. 

Postretirement Benefits and Pension Obligations 

Our most significant
long-term obligation is the obligation to provide postretirement medical
benefits, pension benefits, workers compensation and pneumoconiosis (black
lung) benefits. We provide these benefits to our current and former employees
and their dependents. 

Estimates and Judgments 

We estimate the total
amount of these obligations with the help of third party professionals using
actuarial assumptions and information. Our estimate is sensitive to judgments we
make about the discount rate, about the rate of inflation in medical care, about
mortality rates, and about the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and
Modernization Act of 2003 (the Medicare Reform Act ). We review these
estimates and obligations at least annually. 

 We pay these obligations
currently and will in the future although presumably at an eventually declining
rate determined by the number of people covered. Under generally accepted
accounting principles, we are required to estimate the present value of these
obligations. In order to do this, we make a judgment about the discount rate,
which is an estimate about the current interest rate at which these obligations
could be effectively settled on the date we estimate them. The discount rate
used to calculate the present value of these future obligations was 7.25 in
2001, 6.75 in 2002, and 6.25 in 2003. Significant changes to interest rates
result in substantial volatility to our financial statements by influencing our
estimate of these amounts. 

 In order to estimate the
total cost of our obligation to provide medical benefits, we must make a
judgment about the rate of inflation in medical costs. As our estimate of the
rate of inflation of medical costs increases, our calculation of the total cost
of providing these benefits increases. During 2001, we increased our assumption
about this rate to 10 , and we also assumed that the rate would ultimately
decline to 5 in 2009 and beyond. If we were to increase our assumption of the
ultimate medical inflation rate from 5 to 6 , then all other things being
equal, the present value of our postretirement medical cost obligation would
increase by approximately 25 million. 

32 

Our accrual for
postretirement medical benefits is also impacted by the mortality rate of the
population for which we provide benefits. As people live longer, our costs to
provide postretirement medical care increases. However, the number of assigned
beneficiaries for our Company under the Coal Act is fixed, since we discontinued
our eastern underground operations, and the primary beneficiaries are elderly. 

 The Medicare Reform Act
provides certain prescription drug benefits. We have estimated that the Medicare
Reform Act reduced the present value of our future health care obligations by
 16.5 million as of December 31, 2003. There is no authoritative guidance on
accounting for the Medicare Reform Act, and we may be required to revise our
estimate when guidance becomes available. 

Related Information 

The present value of our
actuarially determined liability for postretirement medical costs increased
approximately 13.2 million between December 31, 2002 and 2003, principally
because of an increase in actual costs over prior estimates and for the reasons
described above. Actuarial valuations project that our retiree health benefit
costs will continue to increase in the near term and then decline to zero over
the next approximately sixty years as the number of eligible beneficiaries
declines. We incurred cash costs of 20.7 million for postretirement medical
costs during 2003 compared to 20.5 million in 2002, and we expect to incur
approximately 26 million for these costs in 2004 (including the Combined
Fund s retroactive assessment balance of 3.5 million, which we must pay
pending the outcome of that litigation). 

 We incurred cash costs of
 2.1 million for workers compensation benefits during 2003 compared to
 2.8 million in 2002. We expect to incur fewer cash costs for workers 
compensation benefits in 2004 and expect that amount to steadily decline to zero
over the next approximately eighteen years. We anticipate that these costs will
decline because we are no longer self-insured for workers compensation
benefits and have had no new claimants since 1995. 

 We do not pay black lung
benefits directly. These benefits are paid from a trust that we established. The
trust is overfunded by 6.2 million as of December 31, 2003. We do not expect to
be required to make additional contributions to the trust. 

 The Coal Act, passed in
1992, established three benefit plans. First, the statute merged the UMWA 1950
and 1974 Plans into the Combined Fund. The Combined Fund provides benefits to a
completely closed pool of beneficiaries, retirees who were actually receiving
benefits from either the 1950 or 1974 Plan as of July 20, 1992. The Coal
Act requires the benefits provided to this group to remain substantially the
same as provided by the 1950 and 1974 Plans as of January 1, 1992. This
group is essentially Medicare eligible and the Combined Fund serves as a
Medicare supplement. Second, the Coal Act requires individual employer plans
(IEP) established in prior collective bargaining agreements to be maintained and
requires the level of benefits to be substantially the same as beneficiaries
received as of January 1, 1992. The statutorily required IEP applies to
retirees meeting age and service requirements as of February 1, 1993 and
who actually retired before September 30, 1994. Third, the Coal Act
establishes the 1992 UMWA Benefit Plan to serve three distinct populations: 

33 

Miners who were eligible to retire as of February 1, 1993 and actually
retired before September 30, 1992 and whose employers are no longer in
business 

Miners receiving benefits under an IEP but whose former employer goes out of business 

New spouses or new dependants of retirees in the Combined Fund 

We maintain an IEP for our
own retirees and the premiums we pay cover a portion of the retired miners whose
previous employers have gone out of business. In addition to these Coal Act
requirements, we continue to provide similar benefits under another IEP to a
smaller group of former UMWA employees who retired under the Company s last
collective bargaining agreement which ended in 1998. This plan is known as the
93 Plan. 

 As noted above, we expect
that the Medicare Reform Act will reduce our prescription drug costs. The
Medicare Reform Act provides a prescription drug benefit under Medicare as well
as a Federal subsidy, starting in 2006 so long as an employer maintains
qualifying health plans that provide prescription drug benefits. We currently
estimate that the Medicare Reform Act will reduce our retiree medical costs by
approximately 2.5 million in 2006 and annually thereafter until total drug
costs begin to decline. 

Asset Retirement Obligations, Reclamation Costs and Reserve Estimates 

Asset retirement
obligations primarily relate to the closure of mines and the reclamation of land
upon cessation of mining. We account for reclamation costs, along with other
costs related to mine closure, in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 143 Asset Retirement Obligations SFAS No.
143 ), which we adopted on January 1, 2003. This statement requires us to
recognize the fair value of an asset retirement obligation in the period in
which we incur that obligation. We capitalize the present value of our estimated
asset retirement costs as part of the carrying amount of our long-lived assets. 

 The liability, Asset
retirement obligations, represents our estimate of the present value of
the cost of closing our mines and reclaiming land that has been disturbed by
mining. This liability increases as land is mined and decreases as reclamation
work is performed and cash expended. The asset, Property, plant and
equipment capitalized asset retirement costs, remains constant
until new liabilities are incurred or old liabilities are re-estimated. We
estimate the future costs of reclamation using standards for mine reclamation
that have been established by the government agencies that regulate our
operations as well as our own experience in performing reclamation activities.
These estimates may change. Developments in our mining program also affect this
estimate by influencing the timing of reclamation expenditures. 

 Adopting SFAS No. 143
significantly affected our financial statements. See the Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements, which includes a
discussion of the effect on our financial statements of adopting SFAS No. 143.
However, the adoption of SFAS No. 143 did not affect our cash costs, because the
annual cash requirements for reclamation activities are the same using SFAS No.
143 and the units-of-production accrual method, the accounting method we used
prior to adopting SFAS No. 143. 

 We amortize our acquisition
costs, development costs, capitalized asset retirement costs and some plant and
equipment using the units-of-production method and estimates of recoverable
proven and probable reserves. We review these estimates on a regular basis and
adjust them to reflect our current mining plans. The rate at which we record
depletion also depends on the estimates of our reserves. If the estimates of
recoverable proven and probable reserves decline, the rate at which we record
depletion increases. Such a decline in reserves may result from geological
conditions, coal quality, effects of governmental, environmental and tax
regulations, and assumptions about future prices and future operating costs. 

34 

Deferred Income Taxes 

Estimates and Judgments 

Our net income is sensitive
to estimates we make about our ability to use our Federal net operating loss
carryforwards, or NOLs. 

 As of December 31, 2003, we
had approximately 180 million of NOLs. These NOLs expire at various dates
through 2023. When we have taxable income, we can use our NOLs to shield that
income from regular U.S. Federal income tax. Our ability to use our NOLs thus
depends on all the factors that determine taxable income, including operational
factors, such as new coal sales, and non-operational factors, such as increases
in heritage health benefit costs. Under Federal tax law, our ability to use our
NOLs would be limited if we had a change of ownership within the
meaning of the Federal tax code. 

 Our NOLs are one of our
deferred income tax assets. We have reduced our deferred income tax assets by a
valuation allowance. The valuation allowance is primarily an estimate of the
deferred tax assets that may not be realized in future periods. On a quarterly
and annual basis, we estimate how much of our NOLs we will be able to use to
shield future taxable income and make corresponding adjustments in the valuation
allowance. 

 If we increase our
estimated utilization of NOLs, we decrease the valuation allowance and increase
our net deferred income tax assets and recognize an income tax benefit in
earnings. If we decrease our estimated utilization of NOLs, we increase the
valuation allowance and decrease our net deferred income tax assets and increase
income tax expense. These changes can materially affect our net income and our
assets. In 2003, for example, we reduced the valuation allowance by 7.8
million, in part because we signed a new coal supply agreement and because we
negotiated improved terms of an existing coal supply agreement. We also made
other adjustments in our net deferred tax assets. As a result of these estimates
and adjustments and changes in temporary differences between book and tax
accounting, our net deferred income tax assets increased from 65.1 million at
December 31, 2002 to 75.8 million at December 31, 2003, and we recognized
income tax benefit from continuing operations of 11.0 million. 

Related Information 

Our NOLs are important to
our strategy. And under the federal tax laws, there are two types of NOLs,
regular NOLs and alternative minimum tax, or AMT, NOLs. NOLs can offset our
future taxable income, permit us to avoid payment of regular Federal income tax
and thereby increase our cash flow and return from profitable investments (as
compared to the return a tax-paying entity would receive that cannot shield its
income from federal income taxation). However, regular NOLs will not shield our
income from AMT. 

35 

Under the federal tax laws,
there are two types of taxable income, regular taxable income and Alternative
Minimum Taxable Income, or AMTI. To determine AMTI, items such as percentage
depletion are added to our regular taxable income. We have significant
percentage depletion because of our mining activities. We are subject to AMT at
a 20 rate. As of December 31, 2003, we had AMT net operating loss carryforwards
of approximately 35 million reduced from 60 million as of December 31, 2001.
Only 90 of AMTI can be shielded each year by AMT NOLs. Any AMT paid is
available as a credit against future regular Federal income tax, and the credits
do not expire. Based upon our estimates of our future taxable income, we expect
to fully utilize our remaining AMT NOLs in 2005 and begin paying the full 20 
AMT in 2006. We may owe more than 5 million per year in AMT until we fully
utilize our regular NOLs. 

 As a strategic matter, we
may face choices between business strategies intended to reduce AMT and
strategies that increase the use of our regular NOLs. Some of these may involve
decisions about business activities that generate AMTI, and many of these
choices will require us to make judgments about matters that will arise in the
future and that are therefore inherently uncertain. 

36 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

 The following table
presents information about our contractual obligations and commitments as of
December 31, 2003. Some of the figures below are estimates. We discuss these
obligations and commitments elsewhere in this filing. 

Payments Due by Period (in thousands of dollars) 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Total 
 2004 
 2005 
 2006 
 2007 
 After 

Westmoreland Mining term debt (1) 
 88,500 
 10,300 
 10,300 
 11,300 
 12,000 
 44,600 

Westmoreland Coal Company revolving debt 
 500 
 - 
 500 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other debt 
 4,469 
 1,295 
 1,374 
 695 
 625 
 480 

Operating leases 
 5,594 
 2,753 
 1,356 
 867 
 618 
 - 

Heritage Health Benefit/ Pension: 

Undiscounted obligations: 

Workers compensation 
 9,478 
 2,016 
 2,000 
 1,800 
 1,600 
 2,062 

1974 UMWA pension 
 250 (2) 
 250 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Discounted obligations: 

Combined Benefit Fund (Multiemployer) 
 39,780 (3) 
 8,311 
 4,783 
 4,516 
 4,254 
 17,916 

Postretirement medical 
 237,554 (4) 
 17,367 
 18,206 
 17,446 
 18,005 
 166,530 

Qualified pension benefits 
 47,777 (5) 
 456 
 597 
 832 
 1,118 
 44,774 

SERP benefits 
 1,963 (6) 
 76 
 74 
 71 
 69 
 1,673 

Pneumoconiosis 
 21,961 (7) 
 2,500 
 2,500 
 2,500 
 2,500 
 11,961 

Reclamation costs 
 306,668 (8) 
 5,757 
 4,902 
 4,296 
 4,024 
 287,689 

Preferred dividends 
 15,303 (9) 
 1,744 (10) 
 1,744 (10) 
 1,744 (10) 
 1,744 (10) 
 1,744 (10) per year 

(1) 
 At December 31, 2003, Westmoreland Mining had deposited 17.5 million in two restricted accounts as
 collateral against these obligations. 

(2) 
 We have settled the 1974 UMWA pension obligation, as discussed in Item 3 - Legal Proceedings. 

37 

(3) 
 Except for retroactive premium assessments of approximately 3.5 million that we are contesting, we
 have not accrued the present value of this obligation, because this plan is a multiemployer
 plan. We expense our premium payments when due. 

(4) 
 The table presents our estimate of our gross benefit obligation. The accrued liability, net of the
 unrecognized net actuarial loss and the unrecognized net transition obligation, was 127.2
 million as of December 31, 2003. 

(5) 
 The fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2003 was 32.8 million. Pension benefits will be paid
 from these assets. 

(6) 
 The table presents our estimate of our gross benefit obligation. The accrued liability, net of the
 unrecognized net actuarial gain and an unrecognized prior service cost, was 2.2 million as of
 December 31, 2003. The plan was unfunded at December 31, 2003. 

(7) 
 The fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2003 was 28.2 million. Pneumoconiosis benefits will
 be paid from these assets. 

(8) 
 The table presents our estimate of our gross cost of final reclamation. The accrued liability of
 123.3 million as of December 31, 2003 will increase in present value as acres are disturbed in
 mining operations and as mine closures draw nearer. The accrued liability reflects the present
 value of contractual obligations of our customers and Washington Group, the contract miner at
 the Absaloka Mine, to perform reclamation; we estimate that the gross amount of their
 obligations is 25.4 million. The table also does not reflect 52.8 million, the amount held in
 escrow as of December 31, 2003 from contributions by customers for reclamation of the Rosebud
 Mine. We estimate that the present value of our net expense for final reclamation - that is,
 the costs of final reclamation that are not the contractual responsibilities of others - is
 45.2 million. 

(9) 
 Represents quarterly dividends that are accumulated through and including January 1, 2004. 

(10) 
 As provided in the Certificate of Designation establishing the Series A Preferred Stock, the holders
 of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends "when, as and if declared by
 the Board of Directors out of funds of the Corporation legally available therefore." In
 general, dividends that are not paid cumulate, as provided in the Certificate of Designation. 

Growth and
Development Strategy 

 Our growth and development
strategy is founded on the ownership and operation of profitable physical
assets. We strive to identify assets that are low-cost producers and
environmental leaders and that supply customers who share our orientation for
low-cost production and our environmental concern. We believe that we will be
more likely to achieve success in niche markets. Our goal is to acquire stable,
long-term earnings. We will use our NOLs to shield that income from regular U.S.
Federal income tax. Our acquisitions of the four coal operations in 2001 reflect
the implementation of this strategy. 

 Examples of our current
development efforts include the following: 

In 2003, property we own in Southern Colorado was leased and development of
coalbed methane gas commenced. Twelve wells were drilled by year end and in
early 2004 the wells were completed and production began. 

In 2001, as part of our transaction with Knife River, we acquired rights to
develop the lignite deposits at Gascoyne, North Dakota. Our subsidiary,
Westmoreland Power, Inc., has joined with MDU Resources Group, Inc. to pursue
development of a baseloaded lignite-fired power plant near Gascoyne as part of
the State of North Dakota s Lignite Vision 21 LV-21 program.
LV-21 is a partnership between North Dakota and the Lignite Energy Council LEC that is administered by the North Dakota Industrial Commission NDIC ). Westmoreland Power and MDU executed a joint development
agreement in 2001, and we each own half of the venture that is seeking to
develop the power plant. In September 2001, NDIC awarded the Westmoreland/MDU
joint venture up to 10 million in matching funds to finance feasibility and
technical studies. In January 2003, as a result of these studies, we and MDU
sought additional support from NDIC to study the feasibility of substituting a
250 MW or 175 MW power plant for the 500 MW plant that had originally been
proposed. NDIC awarded the funds sought, and we and MDU completed studies of
generation technology, and lignite mining issues in 2003. Air quality evaluation
will be completed in 2004. 

38 

An existing source of
future income and cash flow relates to the Caballo Mine in Campbell County,
Wyoming. In connection with the 2001 acquisitions, we acquired the stock of
Horizon Coal Services, Inc. Horizon s only asset is a royalty interest in
coal reserves located at the Caballo Mine, which is owned by another company.
The royalty of .10 per ton covers the mining of 225 million tons of coal,
making the gross royalty amount 22.5 million. The latest mine plan projects
that mining of coal subject to the royalty will begin in 2007. 

 Another source of potential
future income may involve ROVA. LG E Power Inc. LPI has
informed us that LPI may be interested in selling all of its independent power
operations, including its 50 interest in the partnership that owns the ROVA
Project. LPI has initiated a bid process to identify potential purchasers.
Westmoreland Energy has certain rights under its partnership agreement with LPI
to acquire LPI s 50 interest in the ROVA Project. 

 Liquidity and
Capital Resources 

 As discussed in the
Overview section above, we believe that our recent add-on term debt facility
substantially improves our near term liquidity. In addition, even though the
requirements of Westmoreland Mining s basic term loan agreement, including
debt service requirements, restrict our access to some of Westmoreland
Mining s cash, Westmoreland Mining itself generates significant liquidity.
As discussed in more detail in the Liquidity Outlook section below, we expect to
achieve increasing cash from operations in 2004, offset by higher capital
expenditures at our mines that will reduce free cash flow. 

 Cash provided by operating
activities was 24.8 million in 2003, 32.4 million in 2002 and 28.4 million in
2001. Cash from operations in 2003 compared to 2002 declined primarily because
we had less operating income because of the anticipated change in the pricing
structure at the Jewett Mine. The coal supply agreement changed from a cost-plus
fees contract to a market based contract in July of 2002. The decline in our
cash from operations was affected by an increase in our deferred tax assets,
gains from the sale of DTA, and a net increase in our other assets. The net
change in assets and liabilities was 16.3 million in 2003 compared to 15.0
million in 2002, resulting from higher non-cash expenses for pension and
postretirement medical obligations. Also, cash from operations in 2002 benefited
by approximately 1.1 million from a favorable judgment in a dispute with the
U.S. Army concerning a power project in Fort Drum, New York, in which we owned
an interest. Working capital was 5.6 million at December 31, 2003 compared
to 10.1 million at December 31, 2002. The change resulted primarily from a 2.9
million reduction in the current portion of our deferred income tax assets and
an increase in the current portion of our postretirement medical costs, mostly
attributable to the accrual of the retroactive premiums assessed by the Combined
Fund. 

 We used 17.3 million of
cash in investing activities in 2003, 3.7 million in 2002 and 151.3 million in
2001. Cash used in investing activities in 2003 included 13.2 million of
additions to property, plant and equipment for mine equipment and leases for
coal reserves. Cash used in investing activities in 2003 also includes 11.0
million that we deposited in restricted accounts, pursuant to our term loan
agreement and as collateral for our bonds. During 2003, net proceeds from sales
of assets of 7.0 million included 4.5 million cash received from the sale of
DTA and 1.4 million received from the sale of land and mineral rights in
Colorado. In 2002, additions to property and equipment using cash totaled 7.3
million, and we received 3.6 million from the Absaloka Mine s mining
contractor to settle a dispute regarding repair of the dragline at that mine.
Also during 2002, we deposited 6.4 million into restricted cash accounts for
debt service, security deposits and reclamation deposit accounts. Those deposits
were offset by the 6.0 million refund of collateral we received from the UMWA.
In 2001, we used 162.7 million of cash in investing activities to purchase the
Rosebud, Jewett, Beulah, and Savage mines. Other additions to our property,
plant and equipment totaled 5.4 million in 2001. Cash provided by investing
activities in 2001 included 16.0 million in proceeds from the sale of our
interests in three independent power projects. 

39 

We used 8.1 million of
cash in financing activities in 2003, including 5.2 million for the net
repayment of long-term debt and 1.5 million for the net repayment of revolving
debt. Cash used in financing activities in 2002 primarily represented repayment
of long-term debt of 13.8 million and the net repayment of revolving debt of
 9.0 million. Cash provided by financing activities for 2001 totaled 113.9
million, mainly from the proceeds of long-term and revolving debt used in the
2001 acquisitions. Dividends paid to Westmoreland Resources 20 
shareholder in 2003, 2002 and 2001 were 1.0 million, 1.2 million and 1.1
million, respectively. 

 Consolidated cash and cash
equivalents at December 31, 2003 totaled 9.3 million (including 4.1 million at
Westmoreland Mining, 4.2 million at Westmoreland Resources, and 1.5 million at
our captive insurance subsidiary). At December 31, 2002, cash and cash
equivalents totaled 9.8 million (including 5.1 million at Westmoreland Mining,
 4.7 million at Westmoreland Resources, and 0.6 million at the captive
insurance subsidiary). The cash at Westmoreland Mining is available to us
through quarterly distributions, as described below. The cash at Westmoreland
Resources is available to us through dividends. In addition, we had restricted
cash and bond collateral, which were not classified as cash or cash equivalents,
of 25.0 million at December 31, 2003 and 17.3 million at December 31, 2002.
The restricted cash at December 31, 2003 included 17.4 million in Westmoreland
Mining s accounts. Our reclamation, workers compensation and
postretirement medical cost obligation bonds were collateralized by
interest-bearing cash deposits of 7.6 million, which amount we have classified
as a non-current asset. In addition, we have reclamation deposits of 52.8
million, which we received from customers of the Rosebud Mine to pay for
reclamation. We also have 5.0 million in interest-bearing debt reserve accounts
for the ROVA Project. This cash is restricted as to its use and is classified as
part of our investment in independent power projects. 

 In early March 2004,
Westmoreland Mining entered into the add-on term debt facility. This facility
will make 35 million available to us. The add-on facility will permit
Westmoreland Mining to undertake certain significant capital projects in the
near term without adversely affecting cash available at the parent. Although the
terms of the add-on facility permit Westmoreland Mining to distribute this 35
million to Westmoreland Coal Company, the original term loan agreement, which
financed our acquisition of the Rosebud, Jewett, Beulah, and Savage Mines,
continues to restrict Westmoreland Mining s ability to make distributions
to Westmoreland Coal Company from ongoing operations. Until Westmoreland Mining
has fully paid the original acquisition debt, which is scheduled for December
31, 2008, Westmoreland Mining may only pay Westmoreland Coal Company a
management fee and distribute to Westmoreland Coal Company 75 of Westmoreland
Mining s surplus cash flow. Westmoreland Mining is depositing the remaining
25 into an account that will fund the 30 million balloon payment due December
31, 2008. At the same time that Westmoreland Mining entered into the add-on
facility, it also extended its revolving credit facility to 2007 and reduced the
amount of the facility to 12 million. Westmoreland Mining reduced the amount of
the revolving facility to better align its capacity to its expected usage and
borrowing base. 

40 

As of December 31, 2003,
Westmoreland Coal Company had 9.5 million of its 10.0 million revolving line
of credit available to borrow. Westmoreland Coal Company is seeking to increase
its revolving credit facility from 10 to 14 million and extend that facility
for one year, from 2005 to 2006. We may also seek additional equity to finance
our growth and development strategy and for general corporate needs. 

 Liquidity
Outlook 

Significant Anticipated Variances between 2003 and 2004 

We anticipate that the
following events and developments, which we expect will occur in 2004 but which
did not occur in 2003, and the following events and developments, which we
expect will not occur in 2004 but which did occur in 2003, will affect our
liquidity and our net income. 

 We anticipate that our coal
revenues will be higher, principally because of increased sales from the
Absaloka and Rosebud Mines, partially offset by decreased sales from the Jewett
Mine. We anticipate that our cost of coal sales will increase commensurate with
the increase in production, and because of higher near term costs at the Jewett
Mine. In the fourth quarter of 2003, operations at the Jewett Mine encountered
an area where the stripping ratio the ratio between the volume of
overburden to the volume of the coal was higher. 

 We anticipate that capital
expenditures related to our mining activities will be higher in 2004 than in
2003. We expect that most of the increase in 2004 will be associated with mine
development at the Jewett Mine, which is necessary to improve mining conditions. 

 The settlement with the
1974 Plan permitted us to reverse an accrued liability and recognize 6.3
million of income in 2003. This is a non-recurring item, but we will also avoid
payments of approximately 2.1 million per year in each of the next three and
one-half years. 

 In 2003, we received 4.5
million upon the sale of our interest in DTA, 1.4 million from North
Central s sale of surface and mineral rights, and 300,000 in bonus
payments from North Central s lease of coalbed methane rights. We do not
anticipate having significant asset sales in 2004. 

 In 2003, we did not receive
royalties from sales of coalbed methane. We anticipate that we will receive
royalties from sales of coalbed methane in 2004. 

 In 2003, we received a
 582,000 distribution from the Fort Lupton Project. We call this a
 catch-up distribution because most of it related to periods prior to
2003. We may receive a relatively small quarterly distribution from Ft. Lupton
in 2004. 

 We sold our interest in DTA
effective June 30, 2003. We were incurring losses from DTA at an annual rate of
about 2 million, and our share of those losses in 2003 was about 1 million. We
will not have losses from DTA in 2004. 

 Arbitration of the profit
component of the price reopener with the owners of Colstrip Units 1 2 took
place in the first week of March 2004. We expect that the arbitration will
result in a price increase, retroactive to 2001, and that we will receive a
lump-sum payment in 2004 for the retroactive piece. 

41 

We anticipate that our
interest income will be higher in 2004 than it was in 2003 because of continued
deposits to Westmoreland Mining restricted accounts. We anticipate higher
interest costs in 2004 because of the additional 20.4 million in fixed rate
borrowed as of March 2004. 

 We accrued the entire
amount of the Combined Fund s retroactive assessment in 2003. Our cash cost
will increase in 2004 as compared with 2003 as we pay this assessment. We are
challenging this assessment, as discussed in Item 3 Legal Proceedings. 

 During the next eighteen
months, we plan to implement a common, corporate-wide enterprise resource
planning system (IT system) to enhance our reporting and analysis capability.
The initial investment is expected to be approximately 3 million but is also
expected to deliver an acceptable return on investment through improved
efficiencies and reduced costs associated with our current, separate systems. 

 We anticipate that the
expense associated with the 2000 Performance Unit Plan will be lower in 2004
than it was in 2003. In 2000, we adopted a long-term incentive plan to promote
the successful implementation of our strategic plan and link the compensation of
our key managers to the appreciation in the price of our common stock. The value
of the performance units awarded in 2000 was based on the absolute increase in
market value of our common stock over the period July 1, 2000 to June 30, 2003.
Because the value of our common stock appreciated 14.72 per share over that
period, the value of the performance units at the end of the performance period
was 6.4 million. This obligation is being paid out over time and may be paid in
cash or stock. The Board s Compensation Benefits Committee also
awarded performance units in 2001 and 2002. The value of the 2001 and 2002
awards is based on the appreciation of our common stock compared to that of our
peers, and the value of these awards is capped. The potential maximum value of
the performance units awarded in 2001 and 2002 is 2.9 million and 2.5 million,
respectively. Because stockholders had approved a Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan
at our 2002 Annual Meeting, we were able to use stock options as the sole
vehicle for the 2003 long-term incentive program. 

 We have three defined
benefit pension plans for full-time employees. We were not required to make any
contributions to those plans in 2003. However, we will be required to contribute
 1.7 million to the plans in 2004, and we may be required to make additional
contributions in future years unless the return on the plans investments
materially improves or the plans funding requirements change. 

Significant Factors Affecting Our Liquidity 

The matters discussed above
focus on anticipated differences between 2003 and 2004. It will be readily
apparent that a number of non-recurring events significantly influenced our 2003
results. Our operational performance, our financial results, and our liquidity
may also be affected by all of the other matters discussed in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, including the legal proceedings discussed in Item 3 and the
matters discussed in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. Primarily because of our size and the
multitude of issues related to our transition from an eastern underground
producer of coal, to a western niche surface producer with significant reliance
on independent power operations,we have been subject to the impact of many
matters beyond our control. For all of the foregoing reasons, and while we
anticipate that we will be profitable in 2004, we cannot project our overall
level of profitability. 

42 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

 We do not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements within the meaning of the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

 Results of
Operations 2003 Compared to 2002 

Coal Operations. We
sold about 1.7 million more tons of coal in 2003 than we did in 2002, but our
coal revenues decreased 6.3 million. Revenues declined because, for part of
2002, the Jewett Mine benefited from a cost-plus fees pricing
structure in its contract with Texas Genco. We sold more tons at all of our
mines in 2003 than we did in 2002, with the exception of the Beulah Mine, which
was adversely affected by a longer than expected major maintenance outage at the
Coyote Station. In addition, the Rosebud Mine was adversely affected by an
unscheduled outage at the Colstrip Station. Costs, as a percentage of revenues,
increased to 77 in 2003 compared to 75 in 2002, again largely as a result of
the lower average sales price in 2003 at the Jewett Mine. Also, the
implementation of SFAS No. 143 increased non-cash accretion costs at all mines
for future reclamation activities and reduced margins in 2003. 

 The following table shows
comparative coal revenues, sales volumes, cost of sales and percentage changes
between the periods: 

Year Ended 

2003 
 
 2002 
 Change 

Revenues thousands 
 
 294,986 
 
 301,235 
 (2) 

Volumes millions of equivalent coal tons 
 
 27.8 
 
 26.1 
 7 

Cost of sales thousands 
 
 228,433 
 
 226,707 
 1 

Depreciation, depletion and
amortization increased to 12.6 million in 2003 compared to 11.5 million in
2002 due to capital expenditures and increased depreciation resulting from the
increase in production levels. 

 Independent Power. 
Our equity in earnings from independent power operations increased from 14.5
million in 2002 to 15.8 million in 2003. During 2003 and 2002, the ROVA Project
produced 1,653,000 and 1,639,000 megawatt hours, respectively, and achieved
average capacity factors of 90 and 89 , respectively. Also, we recognized
 582,000 in equity in earnings in 2003 from our 4.49 interest in the Ft. Lupton
project, most of which was retroactive. 

 Costs and Expenses.
 Selling and administrative expenses increased from 31.7 million in 2002 to
 33.4 million in 2003. Contributing to the increase were higher heritage health
benefit costs and a higher compensation expense for long-term employee
performance incentives. Heritage health benefit costs were 29.9 million in 2003
compared to 26.9 million in 2002. Five factors contributed to the increase: 

43 

The Combined Fund
assessed the 4.7 million retroactive premium discussed above. 

We incurred an additional 2.3 million expense for postretirement medical
obligations, principally because of a change in the discount rate and inflation
in medical costs. 

We incurred an additional 2.5 million expense resulting from negative actuarial
valuation adjustments for our workers compensation and black lung
obligations. 

We eliminated 6.3
million in previously recognized obligations to the UMWA 1974 Pension Plan. 

We incurred increased
legal fees associated with coal contract negotiations and litigation. 

A redesign of our health
care plans for active employees in 2003 and aggressive management of medical
expenses reduced our health care costs by promoting better employee
 consumerism and increasing employees premium payments. 

 Long-term incentive
compensation increased from 1.0 million in 2002 to 2.5 million in 2003. This
expense was entirely attributable to the 2000 Performance Unit Plan, described
above. This expense is a non-cash expense until it is paid. As permitted by the
plan, we paid about 20 of the expense, 750,000 in cash and 375,000 in shares
of common stock in 2003, leaving an obligation of 5.3 million as of December
31, 2003. Absent the impact of heritage health benefit costs and long-term
compensation expense, selling, and administrative expenses in 2003 were
consistent with those in 2002. 

 Interest expense was 10.1
million and 10.8 million for 2003 and 2002, respectively. The decrease was
mainly due to the continued repayment of Westmoreland Mining s debt.
Interest income decreased in 2003 because of lower rates. 

 Other income in 2002
includes a 1.1 million gain in connection with the favorable judgment in the
dispute with the U.S. Army. 

 Terminal Operations. 
As discussed in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, effective June
30, 2003, we sold our interest in DTA and recognized a pre-tax gain of
approximately 4.5 million. Our consolidated financial statements for 2003 and
earlier periods reflect DTA as discontinued operations. Our share of operating
losses from DTA was approximately 1.0 million for the six months we owned it in
2003 compared to 2.1 million related to a full year s ownership in 2002.
During 2002, we expensed as a non-cash impairment charge our remaining
investment of 3.7 million in DTA as a result of continuing losses and an
agreement by one of the terminal s other owners to sell its interest for a
loss. 

 Cumulative Effect of
Change in Accounting Principle. We adopted SFAS No. 143 during first quarter
2003, as described in the section on Critical Accounting Policies 
above. The cumulative effect of the change was a gain of 161,000, net of tax
expense of 108,000. We also reduced our recorded liability for mine reclamation
from 159 million to 115 million as of January 1, 2003 and reduced the net book
value of our property, plant and equipment from 189 million to 145 million as
a result of adopting this standard. 

44 

Results of
Operations 2002 Compared to 2001 

Coal Operations. The following table shows comparative coal revenues, sales volumes, cost of sales and
percentage changes between the periods: 

Year Ended 

2002 
 
 2001 
 Change 

Revenues thousands 
 
 301,235 
 
 231,048 
 30 

Volumes millions of equivalent coal tons 
 
 26.1 
 
 20.5 
 27 

Cost of sales thousands 
 
 226,707 
 
 177,304 
 28 

Depreciation, depletion and
amortization increased to 11.5 million in 2002 compared to 9.2 million in 2001
due to capital expenditures and a full year of coal production from the Rosebud,
Jewett, Beulah, and Savage Mines. 

 Independent Power. 
Equity in earnings from the independent power operations was 14.5 million in
2002 compared to 15.9 million in 2001. Three projects contributed 1.3 million
in earnings in 2001 before we sold them in March 2001. During 2002 and 2001, the
ROVA Project produced 1,639,000 and 1,668,000 megawatt hours, respectively, and
achieved average capacity factors of 89 and 90 , respectively. The decrease in
2002 was attributable to a small increase in the number of forced outage days
for repairs. 

 Terminal Operations.
 Our share of losses from DTA was 2.1 million in 2002 compared to 1.9
million in 2001, principally because of reduced demand in foreign countries for
U.S. coal and our obligation to pay our share of DTA s expenses. We took an
impairment charge during the third quarter of 2002 in an amount equal to the
book value of our remaining investment in DTA: 3.7 million. This was a non-cash
charge. We took this charge in part because of the terms pursuant to which one
of our partners had agreed to sell its interest in DTA. This charge did not
reduce our obligation to pay our share of DTA s operating expenses. We sold
our interest in DTA effective June 30, 2003. 

 Costs and Expenses.
 Selling and administrative expenses were 31.7 million for 2002 compared to
 22.6 million in 2001. The amounts for 2002 and 2001 include 18.4 million and
 11.6 million, respectively, incurred by the four mines acquired in 2001.
Partially offsetting the 2002 increase was lower non-cash compensation expense
for long-term employee performance incentives, with an expense of 1.0 million
in 2002 compared to an expense of 3.2 million during 2001. The overall increase
in selling and administrative expenses in 2002 is also due to higher legal costs
related primarily to Westmoreland Resources dispute with Washington Group
and an adverse judgment, with associated legal costs totaling 1.4 million, in
the Basin landowner case described in Item 3, to annual salary increases, and to
the addition of employees associated with our growth. Medical claims under our
self-insured plan for active employees were also higher in 2002. 2001 benefited
from a reduction of approximately 500,000 in the estimated liability for
reclamation of a site we previously operated in Virginia while 2002 had a
 300,000 additional benefit when we transferred that site to another operator. 

45 

Heritage health benefit
costs increased to 26.9 million in 2002 compared to 23.8 million in 2001,
reflecting increased costs for the postretirement medical plans as actuarially
determined, despite a decrease in payments made to the Combined Fund. 

 During 2002, we recognized
a 1.1 million gain in connection with a dispute with the U.S. Army. 

 Interest expense was 10.8 million
and 8.4 million for 2002 and 2001, respectively. The increase was mainly due to
the acquisition financing obtained during the second quarter of 2001, despite
repayment of 22.8 million term debt of the acquisition financing during 2002.
Interest income decreased in 2002 because of lower rates. 

 As a result of our
acquisitions, we recognized a 55.6 million deferred income tax asset in April
2001. This assumes that a portion of previously unrecognized NOLs will be
utilized because we projected that we would generate taxable income in the
future. The deferred asset increased to 65.1 million as of December 31, 2002
from 57.1 million at December 31, 2001 because of temporary differences (such
as accruals for pension and reclamation expense, which are not deductible for
tax purposes until paid) arising during the intervening period and because of a
reduction of the deferred income tax valuation allowance discussed above.
Deferred tax assets are comprised of both a current and long-term portion. When
taxable income is generated, the deferred tax asset relating to our NOLs is
reduced and a deferred tax expense (non-cash) is recognized, although no regular
Federal income taxes are paid. Income tax benefit for 2002 represents a current
income tax obligation for State income taxes, and the utilization of a portion
of our NOLs, net of the impact of changes in deferred tax assets and
liabilities. 

 Other Comprehensive
Income. Total other comprehensive loss in 2002 was 3.4 million (net of
income taxes of 2.3 million), primarily due to the recognition of an additional
minimum pension liability of 3.3 million. This additional minimum liability was
required to be recorded due to the underfunded status of our pension
obligations. The remaining other comprehensive loss of 88,000 (net of income
taxes of 59,000) recognized during 2002 represents the change in the unrealized
loss on an interest rate swap agreement on ROVA s debt caused by changes in
market interest rates during the period. This compares to other comprehensive
loss relating to this arrangement of 1.7 million (net of income taxes of 1.1
million) for 2001. 

 New Accounting
Pronouncements 

 In December 2003, the FASB issued
FASB Interpretation No. 46 (revised December 2003), Consolidation of Variable
Interest Entities FIN 46R ), which addresses how a business
enterprise should evaluate whether it has a controlling financial interest in an
entity through means other than voting rights and accordingly should consolidate
the entity. FIN 46R replaces FASB Interpretation No. 46, Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities, which was issued in January 2003. We do not have
interests in any variable interest entities and, therefore, FIN 46R will not
affect us. 

 FASB Statement No. 150,
 Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both
Liabilities and Equity, was issued in May 2003. This Statement establishes
standards for the classification and measurement of certain financial
instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and equity. The Statement
also includes required disclosures for financial instruments within its scope.
The Statement was effective for us for instruments entered into or modified
after May 31, 2003 and otherwise will be effective as of January 1, 2004, except
for mandatorily redeemable financial instruments. For certain mandatorily
redeemable financial instruments, the Statement will be effective for us of
January 1, 2005. The effective date has been deferred indefinitely for certain
other types of mandatorily redeemable financial instruments. We currently do not
have any financial instruments that are within the scope of this Statement. 

46 

Trends and
Uncertainties 

 In addition to the trends
and uncertainties described in Items 1 and 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
and elsewhere in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of
Operations and Financial Condition, we are subject to the trends and
uncertainties set forth below. 

 Operational risks associated with the coal business. 

Our coal mining operations
are all surface mines. These mines are subject to conditions or events beyond
our control that could disrupt operations, affect production and the cost of
mining at particular mines for varying lengths of time and have a significant
impact on our operating results. These conditions or events have included: 

unplanned equipment failures and the need to repair and maintain our capital equipment, including
 our draglines; 

geological conditions, such as variations in the quality of the coal produced
from a particular seam, variations in the thickness of coal seams, and
variations in the amounts of rock and other natural materials that overlie the
coal that we are mining; and 

weather conditions. 

Issues related to several of our coal supply agreements. 

We face risk due to
potential disputes and expiration of our coal supply agreements. Our contract
disputes with Texas Genco have been addressed through 2007 under our recent
settlement agreement, but differences may occur as to the interpretation of
various contract provisions after 2007. We have settled the cost component under
the Colstrip 1 2 price reopener and have concluded arbitration proceedings
related to the profit component. The arbitrators decision is pending and
may or may not meet or exceed our profit expectations. Expiring contracts in the
near term include Westmoreland Resources contract with Midwest Energy
Resources Company at the end of 2004 and Dakota Westmoreland s contract
with the Heskett Station at the end of 2005. 

 As a general matter, the
Company s mines are dedicated to supply a relatively small number of
customer plants. Interruptions in the operations of our primary customer plants
pose risk due to limited alternate coal sales outlets. Events causing the
discontinuation of operations at any one of our primary customer plants or
causing a negative modification to any one of our primary coal sales contracts
could result in material consequences to the Company. 

 We are a party to numerous legal proceedings, some of which, if determined unfavorably to us, could affect us
materially and adversely. 

We are a party to the legal
proceedings described in Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of
these proceedings, including the dispute with Halifax County, North Carolina,
could require us to pay significant sums to various parties. Halifax County
asserts that the ROVA Project owes 8.3 million in back taxes, penalty and
interest. If the assessment is upheld, in addition to the amounts assessed, the
ROVA Project s future taxes would increase approximately 600,000 per year,
of which we would be responsible for half. 

47 

The McGreevey litigation
challenges our 2001 transaction with Entech in which we acquired the Rosebud and
Jewett mines and other assets. Although we believe our position in this case is
meritorious, the litigation is in a very preliminary stage, and there can be no
assurance about the outcome. We would be materially and adversely affected by a
decision that required us to surrender ownership of the Rosebud and Jewett mines
without compensating us fairly. 

 We may face difficulties managing our growth. 

At the end of 2000, we
owned one mine and employed 31 people. In the spring of 2001, we acquired the
Rosebud, Jewett, Beulah, and Savage Mines, and at the end of 2003, we employed
918 people. This growth has placed significant demands on our management as well
as our financial and operational resources and systems. Among other things, we
inherited systems developed by Entech and Knife River for their operations. We
expect to begin deploying an enterprise resource planning system throughout our
company in 2004. Although we expect that this system will be expensive, we also
expect that it will improve our ability to manage our operations. To manage our
expanded operations and growth effectively, we must maintain and enhance our
financial and accounting systems, our safety programs, and our other operational
systems. One of the principal challenges associated with our growth has been,
and we believe will continue to be, our need to attract and retain highly
skilled employees and managers. We cannot assure you that the deployment of our
enterprise resource planning system will be successful or that we will be able
to attract and retain the personnel we need to manage our increasingly large and
complex operations. 

 Our growth and development strategy may not be successful. 

We describe our growth and
development strategy above. We regularly seek opportunities to make additional
strategic acquisitions, to expand existing businesses, to develop new operations
and to enter related businesses. We consider potential acquisition opportunities
as they are identified, but we may not be able to consummate any particular
acquisition. 

 We anticipate that we would
finance acquisitions and development activities by using our existing capital
resources, borrowing under existing bank credit facilities, issuing equity
securities or incurring additional indebtedness. We may not have sufficient
available capital resources or access to additional capital to execute potential
acquisitions or take advantage of development opportunities, and we may not find
suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable prices. Our current or future
acquisition and development efforts may not be successful, and we may not be
able to complete any acquisition or project on terms that are favorable to us.
Acquisitions and the development of projects involve risks, including
difficulties in integrating acquired and new operations, diversions of
management resources, debt incurred in financing such activities and
unanticipated problems and liabilities. Any of these risks could have a material
adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

48 

Our substantial indebtedness may affect our financial performance. 

As of December 31, 2003,
our total indebtedness was approximately 93.5 million, which included
Westmoreland Mining s obligations under the term loan agreement. In March
2004, Westmoreland Mining made arrangements to borrow an additional 35 million
through an add-on facility, 20.4 million of which was drawn immediately and
 14.6 million of which must be drawn in the fourth quarter of 2004. All of this
money is distributable to WCC without restriction. We may also incur additional
indebtedness in the future. 

 Westmoreland Mining s
underlying term loan agreement restricts its ability to distribute cash to
Westmoreland Coal Company through 2008 and limits the types of transactions that
Westmoreland Mining and its subsidiaries can engage in with Westmoreland Coal
Company and our other subsidiaries. After payment of principal and interest, 25 
of Westmoreland Mining s surplus cash flow is dedicated to an account that
will fund the final payment of its acquisition debt due on December 31, 2008.
Westmoreland Mining has pledged or mortgaged substantially all of its assets and
the assets of the Rosebud, Jewett, Beulah, and Savage Mines as security for its
indebtedness. In addition, Westmoreland Mining must comply with financial ratios
specified in the agreement. Failure to comply with these covenants could result
in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could have a material
adverse effect on us. 

 The degree to which we are
leveraged could have important consequences, including: 

reducing the availability of the cash flow to fund working capital, capital
expenditures or other general corporate uses; 

increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital
 expenditures or other general corporate requirements; and 

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in the
 industry. 

If we or Westmoreland
Mining do not have sufficient cash flows and capital resources to meet our debt
service obligations, we or Westmoreland Mining may be forced to sell assets,
seek additional capital or seek to restructure or refinance our indebtedness.
These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us or
Westmoreland Mining to meet scheduled debt service obligations. In the absence
of such operating results and resources, we or Westmoreland Mining could face
substantial liquidity problems and might be required to sell material assets or
operations to attempt to meet debt service and other obligations. If
Westmoreland Mining were to default on its debt service obligations, a note
holder may be able to foreclose on assets that are important to our business. 

 Exposure to bonding and insurance costs. 

Bonding capacity and
insurance costs continue to challenge us and our industry. We are required to
post surety bonds under SMCRA and other mining laws to ensure that reclamation
will be performed, and we are also required to post bonds to secure our
obligations under the Coal Act. Many participants in the coal industry have been
informed by their insurance companies that the insurance companies no longer
will provide surety bonds without collateral. We may be required to post
additional collateral for our bonds in the future. Depending on the amount that
our insurers require, we may not be able to provide cash collateral. If we were
unable to provide cash collateral, we may seek to provide a letter of credit or
other assurance of payment. We may not be able to obtain letters of credit on
satisfactory terms, if at all, and letters of credit may be significantly more
costly to us than surety bonds. If we or Westmoreland Mining fail to maintain
statutorily-required bonds, we and Westmoreland Mining may be in default under
our agreements with our respective lenders. A default under these agreements
would have a material and adverse effect on us. The failure to maintain bonds
could itself have a material and adverse effect on us by disrupting our mining
operations. 

49 

Our insurance costs have
increased and may continue to increase. We have been able to address a portion
of these costs by organizing Westmoreland Risk Management and retaining a
portion of the risk associated with our operations. However, Westmoreland Risk
Management has limited capacity and has not been able to protect us completely
from the increases in rates for property and casualty insurance since September
11, 2001. 

 The creditworthiness of certain of our customers has declined. 

Our ability to receive
payment for the coal we sell depends on the creditworthiness of our customers.
In general, the creditworthiness of certain of our customers has declined.
Because the plants that we supply are baseloaded, we believe that we are
protected from a portion of the credit risk associated with this decline. For
example, on September 14, 2003, NorthWestern Corporation, a 15 owner of
Colstrip Units 3 4, filed for bankruptcy protection. On September 23, 2003,
NorthWestern Corporation defaulted on its obligations to make payments to the
Rosebud Mine. In late October, the bankruptcy court entered an order approving
Western Energy as a critical vendor and permitting NorthWestern
Corporation to pay all of the amounts claimed by Western Energy at that time,
and thereafter NorthWestern Corporation has continued to make timely payments.
However, NorthWestern s bankruptcy is illustrative of the pressures
affecting the energy industry generally. 

 We face significant competition. 

The coal industry is highly
competitive and we compete with many producers who are larger and better
capitalized than we are. We compete principally on price, quality and
transportation costs of coal with other coal producers of various sizes. We have
a transportation advantage where our mines are located adjacent to our
customers power plants, or where, as with the Absaloka Mine, we are closer
than our competitors to our customers. 

 Our coal also competes with
other energy sources in the production of electricity. Factors such as the price
of natural gas and the cost of environmental compliance are major considerations
in the decision to operate or build and bring on line substantial new coal-fired
generation. The price of natural gas has been volatile over the past year
(ranging from a high of 18.85 per MMBTU in February 2003 to a low of 3.99 per
MMBTU in October 2003 and increasing to 6.04 as of January 28, 2004) (Henry-Hub
Spot) making the relative price stability in the coal market a significant
contributor to renewed interest in constructing new, environmentally sound
coal-fired generation. 

 The ROVA Project generates
electricity directly and sell it on a wholesale, long-term contract basis to
utilities under rates established in power purchase agreements and approved by
regulatory agencies. The independent power industry has grown rapidly over the
past twenty years, accelerating in the 1990 s due, in part, to electric
utility deregulation initiatives. The principal sources of competition in this
market for additional capacity include traditional regulated utilities seeking
to maximize utilization of existing capacity, unregulated subsidiaries of
regulated utilities, energy brokers and traders, energy service companies in the
business of developing, operating, and marketing energy-producing projects,
equipment suppliers and other non-utility generators like our subsidiaries.
Competition in this industry is substantially based on price. The lowest cost
generating units will be the most competitive in the market place and will run
more frequently. 

50 

The deregulation of the energy business could significantly affect us. 

Throughout the last several
years the electrical generation industry has suffered several disruptions,
notably the breakdown of deregulation in California, episodic failure of the
transmission system in the eastern U.S. and Canada and an oversupply of natural
gas generation capacity. As a consequence, interest in building new coal-fired
generation has increased. Many new generating facilities, including our
potential LV-21 project, have been publicly announced. We anticipate that, as
the economy grows, the demand for power will also grow and interest in new
generating capacity and transmission should reemerge. 

 At the national and state
level, the debate continues about deregulation of electricity and the creation
of competitive markets for wholesale and retail sale of electricity. System
reliability and transmission issues, including wheeling power from one system to
another and system constraints (insufficient transmission line capacity to add
more electricity), are among the factors being analyzed, and the pace at which
these problems are solved will affect how quickly competitive power markets may
become a reality. We cannot predict how the market for coal, the independent
power business, or the energy industry as a whole might be affected by this
debate. 

 If the coal industry experiences overcapacity in the future, our profitability could be impaired. 

During the mid-1970s and
early 1980s, a growing coal market and increased demand for coal attracted new
investors to the coal industry, spurred the development of new mines and
resulted in added production capacity throughout the industry, all of which led
to increased competition and lower coal prices. Increases in coal prices
similarly could encourage the development of expanded capacity by new or
existing coal producers. Any overcapacity could reduce coal prices in the
future. 

 We may be adversely affected by proposed rules regulating mercury and by the proposed interstate air quality
rule. 

Coal contains impurities,
including sulfur, mercury and other elements or compounds, many of which are
released into the air when coal is burned. Stricter environmental regulations of
emissions from coal-fired electric generating plants could increase the costs us
using coal, thereby, reducing demand for coal as a fuel source and the volume of
our coal sales. Stricter regulations could make coal a less attractive fuel
alternative in the planning and building of utility power plants in the future. 

 On January 30, 2004, EPA
published two major draft rules concerning the regulation of mercury, sulfur
dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions: (1) Proposed National Emission Standards
for Hazardous Air Pollutants (Mercury); and (2) the Rule to Reduce Interstate
Transport of Fine Particulate Matter and Ozone (Interstate Air Quality Rule, or
 IAQR ). These draft rules effectively overshadow the Bush
Administration s Clear Skies Initiative and for the affected states, the
IAQR replaces EPA s State Implementation Plan Call. 

 EPA proposes to regulate
for the first time emissions of mercury by electrical generating units, in one
of three ways: (1) a rigid plant-by-plant approach (commonly referred to as
MACT, Maximum Available Control Technology whereby power plants
would have to meet emission standards determined by the rank of coal burned, by
2008; (2) a pure cap-and-trade approach modeled on Title IV of the Clean Air Act
and the sulfur dioxide emissions allowance trading program; or (3) a combination
of a MACT and cap-and-trade. 

51 

The Interstate Air Quality
Rule is also based on the Clean Air Act. EPA proposes to use a cap-and trade
program (utilizing and modeled on the Acid Rain Program) to further reduce
emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide in 29 states and the District of
Columbia, primarily states in the eastern part of the country. We have
operations or customers in states covered by these regulations, and the
EPA s sulfur dioxide proposal could result in national impacts by utilizing
the existing Title IV sulfur dioxide allowance market. Air quality in each state
is affected by both emissions emanating from activities in that state as well as
emissions transported from adjacent states. The draft rule proposes to regulate
both. 

 EPA is accepting comments
on the IAQR until March 30, 2004 and on the mercury rules until April 30, 2004.
We are currently assessing the potential implications of these rules for our
operations. At this time, we cannot predict the effect of these initiatives on
us. 

 The ROVA Project currently
utilizes state-of-the-art emission control technologies and has consistently
been rated among the cleanest coal-fired power plants in the country. The ROVA
Project is also evaluating its strategies for complying with these proposals,
should they be adopted. 

 The passage of legislation responsive to the Framework Convention on Global Climate Change or similar
international initiatives could result in restrictions on coal use. 

The United States and more
than 160 other nations are signatories to the 1992 Framework Convention on
Global Climate Change which is intended to limit or capture emissions of
greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide. In December 1997, in Kyoto, Japan, the
signatories to the convention established a binding set of emissions targets for
developed nations. The United States declined to sign the treaty. President Bush
believed that the treaty severely limited the ability of the United States to
compete in the global marketplace. On December 2, 2003, Russia announced its
decision not to sign the Kyoto Accord stating that the treaty limited
Russia s economic growth. With the Russian decision not to sign, the treaty
must be renegotiated or it is effectively terminated. Although the specific
emissions targets vary from country to country, the United States would be
required to reduce emissions to 93 of 1990 levels over a five-year budget
period from 2008 through 2012. If the Kyoto Protocol or other comprehensive
legislation focusing on greenhouse gas emissions is enacted by the United
States, it could have the effect of restricting the use of coal. Other efforts
to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases and federal initiatives to encourage the
use of natural gas also may affect the use of coal as an energy source. 

 We may be affected by environmental initiatives at the State level. 

Environmental initiatives
by the States may affect our operations. For example, Texas has passed
regulations requiring all fossil fuel-fired generating facilities in the state
to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions to 0.165 pounds per million Btu on an annual
average basis beginning in May 2003. This standard may be met by the application
of new technology, fuel characteristics, or emission credits. Texas Genco may
assert that the Texas nitrogen oxide regulations impact lignite usage at the
Limestone Station. Other states are evaluating various strategies for improving
air quality and reducing emissions. Passage of other state specific
environmental laws may further affect our operations. We are monitoring events
and issues to evaluate the effects of any new environmental law or regulations. 

52 

We have significant
reclamation and mine closure obligations. If the assumptions underlying our
accruals are materially inaccurate, we could be required to expend greater
amounts than anticipated. 

We accrue for the costs of
current mine disturbance and of final mine closure. Estimates of our gross
reclamation and mine-closing liabilities, which are based upon permit
requirements and our experience, were 307 million (with a present value of 123
million) at December 31, 2003. A significant portion of these costs are the
financial responsibility of our customers, or have been funded by our customers
and the Absaloka Mine s mining contractor. Our customers have secured a
portion of their obligations by posting bonds in the amount of 50 million and
funding reclamation escrow accounts in the amount of approximately 54 million,
in each case at December 31, 2003, but our obligations will be funded from
future operations. Our future results could be affected by our reclamation
obligations. 

 We have significant obligations for long-term employee benefits for which we accrue based upon assumptions
that, if inaccurate, could result in our being required to expend greater amounts than anticipated. 

We provide various
long-term employee benefits under the Coal Act and contracts and to our current
and former employees. We accrue amounts for these obligations. Our accruals are
estimated based on assumptions that are described above. However, if our
assumptions are inaccurate, we could be required to expend greater amounts than
anticipated. 

 New regulations have expanded the definition of black lung disease and generally made it easier for claimants
to assert and prosecute claims, which could increase our exposure to black lung benefit liabilities. 

In January 2001, the United
States Department of Labor amended the regulations implementing the federal
black lung laws to give greater weight to the opinion of a claimant s
treating physician, expand the definition of black lung disease and limit the
amount of medical evidence that can be submitted by claimants and respondents.
The amendments also alter administrative procedures for the adjudication of
claims, which, according to the Department of Labor, results in streamlined
procedures that are less formal, less adversarial and easier for participants to
understand. These and other changes to the federal black lung regulations could
increase our exposure to black lung benefits liabilities. 

 In recent years,
legislation on black lung reform has been introduced but not enacted in
Congress. It is possible that this legislation will be reintroduced for
consideration by Congress. If any of the proposals included in this or similar
legislation is passed, the number of claimants who are awarded benefits could
significantly increase. Any such changes in black lung legislation, if approved,
may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

 Our results could be affected if the major maintenance outage at ROVA I scheduled for 2004 lasts longer than
we anticipate or by unscheduled outages at the power plants we supply. 

Our equity in earnings from
independent power could be adversely affected if a scheduled outage at ROVA I
lasts longer than we anticipate. ROVA I is currently scheduled to be out of
service for 42 days for major maintenance in 2004. If that maintenance uncovers
matters beyond those anticipated, the outage may be prolonged beyond the 42-day
period. ROVA I s contract with Virginia Power is structured so that our
equity in earnings from independent power will not be adversely affected by a
42-day outage for major maintenance this year, but a prolonged outage could
adversely affect our equity in earnings from independent power. 

53 

Our coal sales may be
adversely affected by unscheduled outages at the power plants we supply. We
cannot anticipate if or when unscheduled outages may occur. 

 Increases in fuel, electricity and materials costs could affect our profitability. 

Under several of our
existing coal supply agreements, our mines bear the cost of the gasoline,
lubricants and other petroleum products, electricity, and other materials and
supplies necessary to operate their draglines and other mobile equipment. The
prices of certain of these commodities have increased in the last year, and
continued escalation of these costs could affect our profitability. 

 We face significant capital expenditures in the next several years. 

The coal mines we own incur
capital expenditures for the equipment necessary to maintain operations and need
to make large investments in development costs to expand mining operations into
new areas of each mine. The actual costs could exceed estimates and infringe
upon our available cash. 

 We depend on key personnel. 

The loss of key senior
management personnel could adversely affect us. We depend on the continued
services and performance of senior management and other key personnel,
particularly Christopher K. Seglem, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer. We do not have key person life insurance
policies. The unexpected loss of any of our executive officers or other key
employees could harm our business. 

ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The Company is exposed to
market risk, including the effects of changes in commodity prices as discussed
below. 

 Commodity
Price Risk 

 The Company, through its
subsidiaries WRI and WML, produces and sells coal to third parties from coal
mining operations in Montana, Texas and North Dakota and through its subsidiary,
WELLC, produces and sells electricity and steam to third parties from its
independent power projects located in North Carolina and Colorado. Nearly all of
the Company s coal production and all of its electricity and steam
production are sold through long-term contracts with customers. These long-term
contracts serve to minimize the Company s exposure to changes in commodity
prices although some of the Company s contracts are adjusted periodically
based upon market prices. The Company has not entered into derivative contracts
to manage its exposure to changes in commodity prices, and was not a party to
any such contracts at December 31, 2003. 

54 

Interest Rate
Risk 

 The Company and its
subsidiaries are subject to interest rate risk on its debt obligations.
Long-term debt obligations have both fixed and variable interest rates, and the
Company s revolving line of credit has a variable rate of interest indexed
to either the prime rate or LIBOR. Interest rates on these instruments
approximate current market rates as of December 31, 2003. Based on the balances
outstanding as of December 31, 2003, a one percent change in the prime interest
rate or LIBOR would increase interest expense by 10,000 on an annual basis. The
Company s heritage health benefit costs are also impacted by interest rate
changes because its pension, pneumoconiosis and post-retirement medical benefit
obligations are recorded on a discounted basis. 

55 

ITEM 8 - 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Financial
Statements Page 
 Page 

Consolidated Balance
Sheets 
 57 

Consolidated Statements of
Operations 
 59 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity and Comprehensive Income 
 61 

Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows 
 62 

Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies 
 63 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 
 69 

56 

Westmoreland
Coal Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance
Sheets 

December 31, 
 
 2003 

2002 

(in thousands) 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 9,267 

9,845 

Receivables: 

Trade 
 
 24,414 

20,962 

Other 
 
 4,465 

7,249 

28,879 

28,211 

Inventories 
 
 14,289 

14,018 

Deferred overburden removal costs 
 
 9,559 

5,741 

Restricted cash 
 
 8,751 

8,497 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 12,921 

15,831 

Other current assets 
 
 4,468 

6,765 

Total current assets 
 
 88,134 

88,908 

Property, plant and equipment: 

Land and mineral rights 
 
 20,740 

53,314 

Capitalized asset retirement costs 
 
 104,036 

- 

Plant and equipment 
 
 93,880 

197,759 

218,656 

251,073 

Less accumulated depreciation and depletion 
 
 67,307 

61,541 

Net property, plant and equipment 
 
 151,349 

189,532 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 62,866 

49,253 

Investment in independent power projects 
 
 38,487 

33,407 

Excess of trust assets over pneumoconiosis benefit

obligation 
 
 6,234 

7,665 

Restricted cash and bond collateral 
 
 16,218 

8,790 

Advance coal royalties 
 
 4,013 

4,639 

Deferred overburden removal costs 
 
 3,095 

4,607 

Reclamation deposits 
 
 52,786 

49,484 

Contractual third party reclamation obligations 
 
 23,065 

23,235 

Other assets 
 
 11,590 

12,437 

Total Assets 
 
 457,837 

471,957 

See accompanying Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 (Continued) 

57 

Westmoreland
Coal Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance
Sheets (Continued) 

December 31, 
 
 2003 

2002 

(in thousands) 

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Current installments of long-term debt 
 
 11,595 

8,852 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses: 

Trade 
 
 26,559 

27,070 

Income taxes 
 
 - 

594 

Production taxes 
 
 16,127 

14,273 

Workers' compensation 
 
 2,016 

2,335 

Postretirement medical costs 
 
 20,275 

12,787 

1974 UMWA Pension Plan obligations 
 
 250 

1,473 

Asset retirement obligations 
 
 5,757 

11,381 

Total current liabilities 
 
 82,579 

78,765 

Long-term debt, less current installments 
 
 81,874 

91,305 

Workers' compensation, less current portion 
 
 7,462 

8,405 

Postretirement medical costs, less current 

portion 
 
 110,493 

104,336 

Pension and SERP costs 
 
 9,008 

4,341 

1974 UMWA Pension Plan obligations, less current

portion 
 
 - 

6,562 

Asset retirement obligations, less current portion 
 
 117,586 

148,410 

Other liabilities 
 
 11,269 

6,732 

Minority interest 
 
 4,296 

4,533 

Commitments and contingent liabilities 

Shareholders' equity 

Preferred stock of 1.00 par value 

Authorized 5,000,000 shares; 

Issued and outstanding 205,083 shares at 

December 31, 2003 and 206,833 shares at December 31, 2002 
 
 205 

207 

Common stock of 2.50 par value 

Authorized 20,000,000 shares; 

Issued and outstanding 7,957,166 shares at 

December 31, 2003 and 7,711,379 shares 

at December 31, 2002 
 
 19,893 

19,278 

Other paid-in capital 
 
 72,825 

70,908 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 (4,948) 

(5,101) 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 (54,705) 

(66,724) 

Total shareholders' equity 
 
 33,270 

18,568 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 
 457,837 

471,957 

See accompanying Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

58 

Westmoreland
Coal Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 2003 

2002 

2001 

(in thousands except per share data) 

Revenues: 

Coal 
 
 294,986 

301,235 

231,048 

Independent power projects - equity in earnings 
 
 15,824 

14,506 

15,871 

310,810 

315,741 

246,919 

Cost and expenses: 

Cost of sales - coal 
 
 228,433 

226,707 

177,304 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 
 12,599 

11,539 

9,165 

Selling and administrative 
 
 33,386 

31,732 

22,625 

Heritage health benefit costs 
 
 29,922 

26,921 

23,773 

Loss (gain) on sales of assets 
 
 (645) 

9 

440 

303,695 

296,908 

233,307 

Operating income from continuing operations 
 
 7,115 

18,833 

13,612 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 
 
 (10,114) 

(10,821) 

(8,418) 

Interest income 
 
 1,952 

2,117 

2,657 

Minority interest 
 
 (773) 

(800) 

(780) 

Other income 
 
 1,169 

2,011 

572 

(7,766) 

(7,493) 

(5,969) 

Income
(loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and cumulative effect of
change in accounting principle 
 
 (651) 

11,340 

7,643 

Income tax benefit (expense) from continuing operations 
 
 10,971 

2,368 

(1,228) 

Net income from continuing operations before cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 
 
 10,320 

13,708 

6,415 

Discontinued operations: 

Loss from operations of discontinued terminal 
 segment (including impairment charge in 2002 
 of
 3,712) 
 
 (988) 

(5,971) 

(1,980) 

Gain on sale of discontinued terminal segment 
 
 4,509 

- 

- 

Income tax benefit (expense) 
 
 (1,408) 

2,388 

792 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 
 
 2,113 

(3,583) 

(1,188) 

Net income before cumulative effect of change 
 in accounting principle 
 
 12,433 

10,125 

5,227 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, 
 net of income tax expense of 108 
 
 161 

- 

- 

Net income 
 
 12,594 

10,125 

5,227 

Less preferred stock dividend requirements 
 
 1,752 

1,772 

1,776 

Net income applicable to common shareholders 
 
 10,842 

8,353 

3,451 

(Continued) 

59 

Westmoreland
Coal Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements
of Operations (Continued) 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 2003 

2002 

2001 

(in thousand except per share data) 

Net income per share applicable to common shareholders before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle: 

Basic 
 
 1.37 

1.10 

0.48 

Diluted 
 
 1.28 

1.03 

0.43 

Net income per share applicable to common shareholders from cumulative effect of change in accounting principle: 

Basic and diluted 
 
 0.02 

- 

- 

Net
income per share applicable to common shareholders: 

Basic 
 
 1.39 

1.10 

0.48 

Diluted 
 
 1.30 

1.03 

0.43 

Pro forma
amounts assuming the change in accounting principle is applied retroactively: 

Net income applicable to common shareholders 
 
 10,681 

8,200 

3,367 

Net income per share applicable to
 common shareholders: 

Basic 
 
 1.37 

1.08 

0.47 

Diluted 
 
 1.28 

1.01 

0.42 

Weighted average number of common
 shares outstanding - basic 
 
 7,799 

7,608 

7,239 

Weighted average number of common
 shares outstanding - diluted 
 
 8,338 

8,147 

8,000 

See accompanying Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

60 

Westmoreland Coal
Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statement
of Shareholders Equity and
Comprehensive Income Years Ended
December 31, 2001, 2002, and 2003

Class A Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Other Paid-In Capital 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total Shareholders Equity 

(in thousands) 

Balance at December 31, 2000 (208,708 preferred and 7,069,663 common shares outstanding) 
 
 209 
 
 17,674 
 
 67,318 
 
 - 
 
 (81,828) 
 
 3,373 

Common stock issued as 

compensation (74,108 shares) 
 
 - 
 
 185 
 
 865 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 1,050 

Common stock options exercised 

(371,450 shares) 
 
 - 
 
 928 
 
 551 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 1,479 

Tax benefit of stock option exercises 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 989 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 989 

Net income 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 5,227 
 
 5,227 

Net unrealized change in interest 

rate swap agreement, net of 

taxes of 1,135 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (1,703) 
 
 - 
 
 (1,703) 

Comprehensive income 

3,524 

Balance at December 31, 2001 (208,708 preferred and 7,515,221 common shares outstanding) 
 
 209 
 
 18,787 
 
 69,723 
 
 (1,703) 
 
 (76,601) 
 
 10,415 

Common stock issued as 

compensation (118,258 shares) 
 
 - 
 
 296 
 
 1,128 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 1,424 

Common stock options exercised 

(77,900 shares) 
 
 - 
 
 195 
 
 139 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 334 

Repurchase and retirement of 

preferred shares (1,875 shares) 
 
 (2) 
 
 - 
 
 (242) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (244) 
 
 Dividends declared 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (248) 
 
 (248) 

Tax benefit of stock option exercises 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 160 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 160 

Net income 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 10,125 
 
 10,125 

Minimum pension liability, net of 

taxes of 2,207 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (3,310) 
 
 - 
 
 (3,310) 

Net unrealized change in interest 

rate swap agreement, net of 

taxes of 59 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (88) 
 
 - 
 
 (88) 

Comprehensive income 

6,727 

Balance at December 31, 2002 (206,833 preferred and 7,711,379 common shares outstanding) 
 
 207 
 
 19,278 
 
 70,908 
 
 (5,101) 
 
 (66,724) 
 
 18,568 

Common stock issued as 

compensation (131,087 shares) 
 
 - 
 
 327 
 
 1,524 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 1,851 

Common stock options exercised 

(114,700 shares) 
 
 - 
 
 288 
 
 120 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 408 

Repurchase and retirement of 

preferred shares (1,750 shares) 
 
 (2) 
 
 - 
 
 (211) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (213) 

Dividends declared 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (575) 
 
 (575) 

Tax benefit of stock option exercises 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 484 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 484 

Net income 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 12,594 
 
 12,594 

Minimum pension liability, net of 

taxes of 488 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (732) 
 
 - 
 
 (732) 

Net unrealized change in interest 

rate swap agreement, net of 

taxes of 590 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 885 
 
 - 
 
 885 

Comprehensive income 

12,747 

Balance at December 31, 2003 

(205,083 preferred and 

7,957,166 common shares 

outstanding) 
 
 205 
 
 19,893 
 
 72,825 
 
 (4,948) 
 
 (54,705) 
 
 33,270 

See accompanying Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

61 

Westmoreland Coal
Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(in thousands) 

Cash
flows from operating activities: 

Net income 
 
 12,594 
 
 10,125 
 
 5,227 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Equity in earnings of independent power projects 
 
 (15,824) 
 
 (14,506) 
 
 (15,871) 

Cash distributions from independent power projects 
 
 11,629 
 
 9,718 
 
 18,426 

Deferred income tax benefit 
 
 (9,731) 
 
 (5,656) 
 
 (472) 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 
 12,599 
 
 11,539 
 
 9,165 

Stock compensation expense 
 
 1,851 
 
 1,424 
 
 1,050 

Impairment charges 
 
 - 
 
 3,712 
 
 - 

Losses (gains) on sales of assets 
 
 (5,154) 
 
 9 
 
 440 

Minority interest 
 
 773 
 
 800 
 
 780 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 
 
 (269) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Other 
 
 - 
 
 263 
 
 352 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Receivables, net 
 
 (668) 
 
 15,273 
 
 (5,429) 

Inventories

(271) 
 
 (270) 
 
 (456) 

Excess of trust assets over pneumoconiosis
 benefit obligation 
 
 1,431 
 
 (680) 
 
 (178) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 1,343 
 
 (369) 
 
 13,049 

Income taxes payable 
 
 (594) 
 
 537 
 
 57 

Accrual for workers compensation 
 
 (1,262) 
 
 (2,301) 
 
 (2,295) 

Accrual for postretirement medical costs 
 
 13,645 
 
 6,030 
 
 4,728 

1974 UMWA Pension Plan obligations 
 
 (7,785) 
 
 (1,374) 
 
 (1,279) 

Other assets and liabilities 
 
 10,447 
 
 (1,840) 
 
 1,141 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 24,754 
 
 32,434 
 
 28,435 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 
 
 (13,240) 
 
 (7,323) 
 
 (5,433) 

Cash paid for acquisitions 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (162,700) 

Reimbursement from mine operator 
 
 - 
 
 3,600 
 
 - 

Change in restricted cash and bond collateral 
 
 (10,984) 
 
 (424) 
 
 794 

Net proceeds from sales of assets 
 
 6,970 
 
 476 
 
 16,014 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 (17,254) 
 
 (3,671) 
 
 (151,325) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 
 
 9,373 
 
 - 
 
 114,604 

Repayment of long-term debt 
 
 (14,561) 
 
 (13,753) 
 
 (12,053) 

Net borrowings (repayments) of revolving lines of credit, net 
 
 (1,500) 
 
 (9,000) 
 
 11,000 

Repurchase of preferred shares 
 
 (213) 
 
 (244) 
 
 - 

Dividends paid to minority shareholders of subsidiary 
 
 (1,010) 
 
 (1,240) 
 
 (1,100) 

Exercise of stock options 
 
 408 
 
 334 
 
 1,479 

Dividends on preferred shares 
 
 (575) 
 
 (248) 
 
 - 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 (8,078) 
 
 (24,151) 
 
 113,930 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 (578) 
 
 4,612 
 
 (8,960) 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 
 9,845 
 
 5,233 
 
 14,193 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 
 9,267 
 
 9,845 
 
 5,233 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 
 
 9,814 
 
 10,176 
 
 8,340 

Income taxes 
 
 737 
 
 886 
 
 1,209 

See accompanying Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

62 

Westmoreland
Coal Company and Subsidiaries Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Consolidation
Policy 

 The consolidated financial
statements of Westmoreland Coal Company (the Company include the
accounts of the Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries, after elimination
of intercompany balances and transactions. The Company uses the equity method of
accounting for entities where its ownership is between 20 and 50 and for
partnerships and joint ventures in which less than a controlling interest is
held. 

 Use of
Estimates 

 The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. 

 Cash
Equivalents 

 The Company considers all
highly liquid debt instruments purchased with original maturities of three
months or less to be cash equivalents. All such instruments are carried at cost,
which approximates market. Cash equivalents consist of Eurodollar time deposits,
money market funds and bank repurchase agreements. 

 Inventories 

 Inventories, which include
materials and supplies as well as raw coal, are stated at the lower of cost or
market. Cost is determined using the average cost method. 

 Property,
Plant and Equipment 

 Property, plant and
equipment are carried at cost and include expenditures for new facilities and
those expenditures that substantially increase the productive lives of existing
plant and equipment. Maintenance and repair costs are expensed as incurred.
Mineral rights and development costs are depleted based upon estimated
recoverable proven and probable reserves. Plant and equipment are depreciated on
a units-of-production or straight-line basis over the assets estimated
useful lives, ranging from 3 to 40 years. The Company assesses the carrying
value of its property, plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparing estimated undiscounted
cash flows expected to be generated from such assets with their net book value.
If net book value exceeds estimated cash flows, the asset is written down to
fair value. When an asset is retired or sold, its cost and related accumulated
depreciation and depletion are removed from the accounts. The difference between
the net book value of the asset and proceeds on disposition is recorded as a
gain or loss. Fully depreciated plant and equipment still in use are not
eliminated from the accounts. 

63 

Advanced Coal
Royalties 

 Royalty payments made to
lessors under terms of mineral lease agreements that are recoupable against
future production are deferred. They are charged to expense as the leased coal
reserves are mined. 

 Deferred
Overburden Removal Costs 

 The cost of removing overburden
in advance of coal extraction, net of amounts reimbursed by customers, is
deferred and charged to expense when the coal is produced. 

 Until June 30, 2002, the
Company was reimbursed for all operating expenses at the Jewett Mine on a
current basis under the cost-plus-fees contract with its customer. Beginning
July 1, 2002, the contract changed to a market-based, fixed price per ton
arrangement. At that date, in compliance with its accounting policy, the Company
began deferring the cost of overburden removal in advance of coal extraction
until such time that the underlying coal is produced and sold. The amount to be
deferred was originally based on the number of tons of exposed coal in the
active pits at each period end. In order to better estimate deferred stripping
expenses and achieve a proper matching of expenses with the revenues from tons
sold, a change in the engineering estimates was made in 2003 to measure
overburden removed above all in-pit tons, not just exposed tons. The impact of
this change was an increase of 2.4 million in deferred overburden removal costs. Prior
to 2003, the measurement of overburden removed above in-pit tons was not
available. Therefore, the potential impact, if any, on prior periods is not
determinable. The change has been reflected as a change in estimate during 2003. 

 Workers 
Compensation and Pneumoconiosis Benefit Obligations 

 The Company is self-insured
for workers compensation claims incurred prior to 1996 and for federal and
state pneumoconiosis benefits for former employees. Workers compensation
claims incurred after January 1, 1996 are covered by a third party insurance
provider. 

 The liabilities for
workers compensation claims and pneumoconiosis benefits are actuarially
determined estimates of the ultimate losses incurred based on the Company s
experience, and include a provision for incurred but not reported losses.
Adjustments to the probable ultimate liabilities are made annually based on
subsequent developments and experience and are included in operations as
incurred. 

 Reclamation
Deposits and Receivables 

 Certain of the
Company s customers have either agreed to reimburse the Company for
reclamation expenditures as they are incurred or have pre-funded a portion of
the expected reclamation costs. These funds will serve as sources for use in
final reclamation activities. The total reclamation deposit of 52.8 million at
December 31, 2003 consists of 11.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and
 41.1 million of Federal agency bonds. The Company has the intent and ability to
hold these securities to maturity, and, therefore, accounts for them as
held-to-maturity securities. Held-to-maturity securities are recorded at
amortized cost, adjusted for the amortization or accretion of premiums or
discounts calculated on the effective interest method. Interest income is
recognized when earned. In addition, the Company has recognized 23.1 million as
contractual third party reclamation obligations, representing the present value
of obligations of certain customers and a contract miner. 

64 

The amortized cost, gross
unrealized holding losses and fair value of held-to-maturity securities at
December 31, 2003 are as follows (in thousands): 

Amortized cost 
 
 41,091 

Gross unrealized holding gains 
 
 64 

Gross unrealized holding losses 
 
 (854) 

Fair value 
 
 40,301 

Maturities of
held-to-maturity securities are as follows at December 31, 2003 (in thousands): 

Amortized Cost 
 
 Fair Value 

Due in five years or less 
 
 17,580 
 
 17,482 

Due after five years to ten years 
 
 15,847 
 
 15,369 

Due in more than ten years 
 
 7,664 
 
 7,450 

41,091 
 
 40,301 

Post
Retirement Benefits Other than Pensions 

 The Company accounts for
health care and life insurance benefits provided for current and certain retired
employees and their dependents by accruing the cost of such benefits over the
service lives of employees. The Company is amortizing its transition obligation,
for past service costs relating to these benefits, over twenty years.
Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses are amortized over the estimated average
remaining service period for active employee plans and over the estimated
average remaining life for retiree plans. For UMWA represented union employees
who retired prior to 1976, the Company provides similar medical and life
insurance benefits by making payments to a multiemployer union trust fund. The
Company expenses such payments when they become due. 

 Coal Revenues 

 The Company recognizes coal
sales revenue at the time title passes to the customer in accordance with the
terms of the underlying sales agreements. 

 Reclamation 

 On
January 1, 2003, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 143, Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations SFAS No.
143 ), a required new method of accounting for mine reclamation costs.
Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 143, reclamation costs were accrued on an
undiscounted, units-of-production basis. SFAS No. 143 requires entities to
record the fair value of asset retirement obligations using the present value of
projected future cash flows, with an equivalent amount recorded as basis in the
related long-lived asset. An accretion cost, representing the increase over time
in the present value of the liability, is recorded each period and the
capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. As
reclamation work is performed or liabilities are otherwise settled, the recorded
amount of the liability is reduced. 

65 

Changes in the
Company s asset retirement obligations from January 1, 2003 to December 31,
2003 (in thousands) were: 

Asset retirement obligation - January 1, 2003 
 
 115,033 

Accretion 
 
 7,815 

Settlements (final reclamation performed) 
 
 (3,109) 

Gains on settlements 
 
 (265) 

Changes due to amount and timing of reclamation activities 
 
 3,869 

Asset retirement obligation - December 31, 2003 
 
 123,343 

As a result of the adoption
of SFAS No. 143, in the first quarter of 2003 the Company recorded a gain of
 161,000, net of tax expense of 108,000, for the cumulative effect of the
change in accounting principle. The Company also reduced its recorded liability
for mine reclamation from 159 million to 115 million as of January 1, 2003 and
reduced the net book value of its property, plant and equipment from 189
million to 145 million on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as a result of the
change from undiscounted to present values. 

 Income Taxes 

 The Company accounts for
deferred income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax
liabilities and assets are recognized for the expected future tax consequences
of events that have been reflected in the Company s financial statements
based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax
bases of assets and liabilities, as well as operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards, using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the
differences are expected to reverse. 

 Comprehensive
Income 

 The Company is party to an
interest rate swap agreement on the long-term debt at the Roanoke Valley I
independent power project through a subsidiary which is accounted for under the
equity method of accounting. In accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, the Company has reflected the difference between its 50 share of
the fair value of this interest rate swap agreement and its carrying value as a
separate component of shareholders equity. The swap agreement exchanged
variable interest rates on debt for a fixed rate. Because market interest rates
have declined below those provided for in the swap agreement, the fair value of
the swap agreement has decreased. The change in current interest rates, net of
income tax impacts, is a component of the Company s total comprehensive
income. If interest rates remain at their current levels, the Company will
recognize its share of the loss in future periods as a reduction in equity in
earnings of independent power projects. 

 During 2003 and 2002, the
Company recognized an additional minimum pension liability as a result of the
accumulated pension benefit obligation exceeding the fair value of pension plan
assets at these dates. This additional minimum liability, net of income tax
effect, is shown as a separate component of shareholders equity. 

66 

Incentive
Stock Options 

 The Company applies the
intrinsic-value-based method of accounting prescribed by Accounting Principles
Board APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees, and related interpretations, to account for its stock options.
Under this method, compensation expense is recorded on the date of grant only if
the current market price of the underlying stock exceeded the exercise price.
SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, established
accounting and disclosure requirements using a fair-value-based method of
accounting for stock-based employee compensation plans. As allowed under SFAS
No. 123, the Company has elected to continue to apply the intrinsic-value-based
method of accounting described above, and has adopted only the disclosure
requirements of SFAS No. 123. The following table illustrates the effect on net
income and net income per share as if the compensation cost for the
Company s stock options had been determined based on the fair value at the
grant dates consistent with SFAS No. 123: 

2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Net income applicable to common shareholders: 

As reported 
 
 10,842 
 
 8,353 
 
 3,451 

Pro forma 
 
 10,067 
 
 6,698 
 
 1,986 

Income per share applicable to common shareholders: 

As reported, basic 
 
 1.39 
 
 1.10 
 
 .48 

Pro forma, basic 
 
 1.29 
 
 .88 
 
 .26 

As reported, diluted 
 
 1.30 
 
 1.03 
 
 .43 

Pro forma, diluted 
 
 1.21 
 
 .82 
 
 .25 

The fair value of each
option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions used for
options granted in 2003, 2002 and 2001. The weighted average fair value of
options granted in 2003, 2002 and 2001 was 11.88, 13.92 and 17.58,
respectively. 

Options Granted 
 Dividend Yield 
 Volatility 
 Risk-Free Rate 
 Expected Life 

2003 
 None 
 100 
 4.17 
 10 years 

2002 
 None 
 229 
 5.04 
 10 years 

2001 
 None 
 272 
 5.14 
 10 years 

Earnings Per
Share 

 Basic earnings per share is
computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
per share are determined on the same basis except that the weighted average
shares outstanding are increased to include additional shares for the assumed
exercise of stock options, if dilutive. The number of additional shares is
calculated by assuming that outstanding stock options were exercised and that
the proceeds from such exercises were used to acquire shares of common stock at
the average market price during the reporting period. 

67 

The following table
provides a reconciliation of the number of shares used to calculate basic and
diluted earnings per share (EPS): 

2003 
 2002 
 2001 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 
 
 (in thousands of shares) 

Basic 
 7,799 
 7,608 
 7,239 

Effect of dilutive instruments 
 539 
 539 
 761 

Diluted 
 8,338 
 8,147 
 8,000 

Number of shares not
included in dilutive EPS that would have been antidilutive because the exercise
or conversion price was greater than the average market price of the common
shares. 
 374 
 309 
 113 

Reclassifications 

 Certain prior year amounts
have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 

 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

 In December 2003, the FASB issued
FASB Interpretation No. 46 (revised December 2003), Consolidated of Variable
Interest Entities FIN 46R ), which addresses how a business
enterprise should evaluate whether it has a controlling financial interest in an
entity through means other than voting rights and accordingly should consolidate
the entity. FIN 46R replaces FASB Interpretation No. 46, Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities, which was issued in January 2003, The Company
does not have interests in any variable interest entities and, therefore, will
not be impacted by FIN 46R. 

 FASB Statement No. 150,
 Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both
Liabilities and Equity, was issued in May 2003. This statement establishes
standards for the classification and measurement of certain financial
instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and equity. The statement
also includes required disclosures for financial instruments within its scope.
For the Company, the statement was effective for instruments entered into or
modified after May 31, 2003 and otherwise will be effective as of January 1,
2004, except for mandatorily redeemable financial instruments. For certain
mandatorily redeemable financial instruments, the statement will be effective
for the Company of January 1, 2005. The effective date has been deferred
indefinitely for certain other types of mandatorily redeemable financial
instruments. The Company currently does not have any financial instruments that
are within the scope of this statement. 

68 

Westmoreland
Coal Company and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2003,
2002 and 2001 

1. NATURE OF
OPERATIONS 

 The Company s current
principal activities, all conducted within the United States, are: (i) the
production and sale of coal from surface mines in Montana, North Dakota and
Texas; and (ii) the development, ownership and management of interests in
cogeneration and other non-regulated independent power plants. Prior to the sale
of the Company s interest in Dominion Terminal Associates DTA ), which was effective as of June 30, 2003, the Company was also
engaged in the leasing of capacity at that coal storage and vessel loading
facility. As described in Note 4, the Company s share of DTA s
activities has been classified as discontinued operations in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations. 

 2. ACQUISITIONS 

 On April 30, 2001 and May
11, 2001, respectively, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary
Westmoreland Mining LLC WML ), completed the acquisitions of the
coal business of Entech, Inc. Entech ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Montana Power Company Montana Power for approximately
 136 million, and the coal operations of Knife River Corporation Knife River for approximately 27 million. The acquisitions were
effective April 30, 2001. WML is a special purpose Delaware limited
liability company formed on December 4, 2000 for the purpose of facilitating the
financing of these acquisitions and operating the Rosebud, Jewett, Beulah and
Savage mines. The results of operations relating to the acquisitions have been
included in the Company s consolidated financial statements beginning on
May 1, 2001. 

 In the Entech, transaction,
WML acquired the stock of Western Energy Company WECO ), which owns
and operates the Rosebud Mine located in the Northern Powder River Basin, and
Northwestern Resources Co. NWR ), which owns and operates the Jewett
Mine in central Texas. In addition, the Company acquired the stock of three
entities that were not engaged in active operations: Basin Resources, Inc.;
Horizon Coal Services, Inc. Horizon and North Central Energy
Company. 

 The final purchase price
for the acquisition of Entech s coal business is subject to adjustment
pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of September 15,
2000 (the Purchase Agreement between the Company and Entech. See
further discussion of the status of the purchase price adjustment in Note 14. 

 The acquisitions were
funded with 39 million in cash and borrowings of 125 million 120 million
term debt and 5 million revolving line of credit) by WML as described in Note
5. 

 3. WESTMORELAND ENERGY, LLC 

 Westmoreland Energy, LLC WELLC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, holds general and
limited partner interests in partnerships which were formed to develop and own
cogeneration and other non-regulated independent power plants. Equity interests
in these partnerships range from 4.49 percent to 50 percent. As of December 31,
2003, WELLC held interests in three operating projects as listed and described
in the summary below. The lenders to these projects have recourse only against
these projects and the income and revenues therefrom. The debt agreements
contain various restrictive covenants including restrictions on making cash
distributions to the partners, with which the partnerships are in compliance.
The type of restrictions on making cash distributions to the partners vary from
one project lender to another. 

69 

Project 
 Ft. Lupton 
 Roanoke Valley I 
 Roanoke Valley II 

Location: 
 Ft. Lupton, Colorado 
 Weldon, North Carolina 
 Weldon, North Carolina 

Gross Megawatt Capacity: 
 290 MW 
 180 MW 
 50 MW 

WELLC Equity Ownership: 
 4.49 
 50.0 
 50.0 

Electricity Purchaser: 
 Public Service of Colorado 
 Dominion Virginia Power 
 Dominion Virginia Power 

Steam Host: 
 Rocky Mtn. Produce, Ltd 
 Patch Rubber Company 
 Patch Rubber Company 

Fuel Type: 
 Natural Gas 
 Coal 
 Coal 

Fuel Supplier: 
 Thermo Fuels, Inc. 
 TECO Coal/ CONSOL 
 TECO Coal/ CONSOL 

Commercial Operation Date: 
 1994 
 1994 
 1995 

The following is a summary
of aggregated financial information for all investments owned by WELLC which are
accounted for under the equity method: 

Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

(in thousands) 

Assets 

Current assets 
 
 38,549 
 
 40,282 

Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 246,796 
 
 255,364 

Other assets 
 
 25,267 
 
 25,171 

Total assets 
 
 310,612 
 
 320,817 

Liabilities and equity 

Current liabilities 
 
 29,884 
 
 29,500 

Long-term debt and other liabilities 
 
 209,979 
 
 231,922 

Equity 
 
 70,749 
 
 59,395 

Total liabilities and equity 
 
 310,612 
 
 320,817 

WELLC s share of equity 
 
 38,487 
 
 33,407 

Income Statements 

For years ended December 31, 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(in thousands) 

Revenues 
 
 110,673 
 
 110,075 
 
 124,946 

Operating income 
 
 45,918 
 
 46,731 
 
 72,209 

Net income 
 
 30,446 
 
 28,935 
 
 33,003 

WELLC s share of earnings 
 
 15,242 
 
 14,506 
 
 15,871 

70 

WELLC performs asset
management services for the partnerships and has recognized related revenues of
 258,000, 258,000 and 267,000 for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and
2001, respectively. Management fees, net of related costs, are recorded as other
income when the service is performed. 

 4. INVESTMENT
IN DOMINION TERMINAL ASSOCIATES (DTA) 

 Prior to June 30, 2003, the
Company had a 20 interest in DTA, a partnership which operates a coal-storage
and vessel-loading facility in Newport News, Virginia. Due to declining export
business, the Company s original investment in DTA was written down from
 17.6 million to 5.5 million in 1998. The Company s loss from operations
at DTA in more recent years was the revenue received from the lease of its
facilities and throughput, net of its share of the expenses incurred
attributable to the terminal s operations. The Company recognized a further
non-cash impairment charge equal to the remaining book value of its investment
in DTA during the third quarter of 2002 as a result of the terminal s
continuing operating losses and the terms of an agreement by one of the
terminal s other owners to dispose of its interest in DTA, but the Company
continued to share in cash operating expenses and recognize losses until the
sale of its own interest was completed. 

 Effective June 30, 2003, a
subsidiary of Dominion Resources, Inc. purchased for 10.5 million the
Company s 20 partnership interest in DTA and its industrial revenue bonds.
Under the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Company guaranteed
throughput at the terminal for a period of three years from the effective date
of the sale. To secure the throughput commitment, 6.0 million of the purchase
price was deposited into an escrow account as collateral for a stand-by letter
of credit for the benefit of the purchaser. The Company does not expect to be
able to deliver the minimum throughput. The Company also provided customary
representations and warranties. The Company has guaranteed its obligations under
the Purchase and Sale Agreement for a period of five years. 

 With the closing of this
transaction the Company no longer incurs DTA-related operating losses, which
were 1.0 million, 2.1 million and 1.9 million in 2003, 2002 and 2001,
respectively. The Company also recognized a 4.5 million pretax gain in the
second quarter of 2003. 

 As a result of the sale of
the Company s investment, the financial results relating to DTA have been
presented as Discontinued Operations in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Operations. The basic income (loss) per share from these discontinued
operations, including the gain on sale, were .27, .47) and .16) for the
years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively. The diluted income
(loss) per share from these discontinued operations was .25, .47) and .16)
per share for 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively. 

71 

5. LINES OF
CREDIT AND LONG-TERM DEBT 

 The amounts outstanding at
December 31, 2003 and 2002 under the Company s lines of credit and
long-term debt consist of the following: 

2003 
 
 2002 

(in thousands) 

WML revolving line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 1,500 

WML term debt 
 
 88,500 
 
 96,300 

Corporate revolving line of credit 
 
 500 
 
 500 

Other term debt 
 
 4,469 
 
 1,857 

93,469 
 
 100,157 

Less current portion 
 
 (11,595) 
 
 (8,852) 

81,874 
 
 91,305 

As of December 31, 2003,
WML had a 20 million revolving credit facility with PNC Bank, National
Association PNC ), as Agent, and three participating banks which has
been replaced by a new facility described below. The interest rate was either
PNC s Base Rate plus 1.60 or Euro-Rate plus 3.10 , at WML s option. 

 On March 8, 2004, WML
entered into an amended 12 million revolving facility (the
 Facility solely with PNC which expires on April 27, 2007. The
interest rate is either PNC s Base Rate plus 1.50 or Euro-Rate plus 3.00 ,
at WML s option. In addition, a commitment fee of of 1 of the
average unused portion of the available credit is payable quarterly. The amount
available under the Facility is based upon, and any outstanding amounts are
secured by, eligible accounts receivable. 

 In 2001, WML borrowed 120
million from a group of institutions using PNC Capital Markets, Inc. as lead
arranger to fund the acquisitions described in Note 2. The borrowings consisted
of 20 million in variable-rate Series A Notes and 100 million in fixed-rate
Series B Notes. The Series A Notes were repaid in full on June 30, 2002. The
Series B Notes bear interest at a rate of 9.39 and require quarterly principal
and interest payments from September 2002 to December 2008, when the remaining
outstanding balance of 30.0 million is due. The Series B Notes are secured by
assets of WML. 

 Both the revolving line of
credit and the term notes contain various covenants which limit WML or its
subsidiaries ability to merge or consolidate with another entity, dispose
of assets, pay dividends, or change the nature of business operations. WML is
also required to maintain certain financial ratios as defined in the agreements.
Further, pursuant to these agreements any purchase price adjustment from the
Montana Power transaction which is paid to WML must be used to repay any amounts
outstanding under the Facility and in certain circumstances fund a debt service
reserve account. As of December 31, 2003, WML was in compliance with such
covenants. 

 Under the terms of the
Series B Notes, WML is required to maintain a debt service reserve account equal
to the principal and interest payments and certain fees scheduled to become due
within the next six months. In addition, 25 of any Surplus Cash
Flow (as such term is defined in the agreement) is applied to a prepayment
account for repayment of the final 30 million of indebtedness and 75 of any
Surplus Cash Flow is available to WML. WML may distribute such Surplus Cash Flow
to the Company so long as no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default
under the term loan agreement exists or is likely to result from the
distribution. The quarterly distribution is in addition to a quarterly 500,000
management fee that WML pays the Company. At December 31, 2003, WML had funded
 8.8 million in the debt service reserve account, which could be used for
principal and interest payments, and 8.7 million in the long-term prepayment
account. Those funds have been classified as restricted cash in the consolidated
balance sheet. 

72 

On March 8, 2004, WML
amended its term debt to borrow an additional 35 million in 20.4 million
Series C Notes and 14.6 million Series D Notes. The Series C Notes were drawn
immediately and the Series D Notes will be borrowed after seven months but no
later than December 31, 2004. Both notes require quarterly interest payments
with principal payments beginning March 31, 2009 and final payment on December
31, 2011. The Series C Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.85 , and the
Series D Notes have a variable rate based upon LIBOR plus 2.90 . The new notes
are secured by assets of WML and require the same covenants and financial
ratios, as amended, as the Series A and B Notes. 

 The Company has a 10.0
million revolving credit agreement with First Interstate Bank. Interest is
payable monthly at the Bank s prime rate plus 1 (5.00 at December 31,
2003). The Company is required to maintain certain financial ratios. The
revolving credit agreement is collateralized by the Company s stock in WRI,
100 of the common stock of Horizon, and the dragline located at WRI s
Absaloka Mine in Big Horn County, Montana. The expiration date is January 24,
2005. 

 Other term debt consists of
notes payable assumed in the 2001 acquisitions, certain notes payable related to
the purchase of real property, and capital lease obligations for mining
equipment. These obligations expire at various dates through 2009 and bear
interest at a weighted-average rate of 5.65 . 

 The maturities of all
long-term debt and the revolving credit facilities outstanding at December 31,
2003 are (in thousands): 

2004 
 
 11,595 

2005 
 
 12,174 

2006 
 
 11,995 

2007 
 
 12,625 

2008 
 
 44,980 

Thereafter 
 
 100 

93,469 

6. WORKERS COMPENSATION BENEFITS 

 The Company was
self-insured for workers compensation benefits prior to and through
December 31, 1995. Beginning in 1996, the Company purchased third party
insurance for new workers compensation claims. Based on updated actuarial
and claims data, 834,000, 449,000, and 642,000 were charged to operations in
2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively. The cash payments for workers 
compensation benefits were 2.1 million, 2.8 million and 2.9 million in 2003,
2002 and 2001, respectively. 

 The Company was required to
obtain surety bonds in connection with its self-insured workers 
compensation plan. The Company s surety bond underwriters required
collateral for such bonding. As of December 31, 2003 and 2002, 4.4 million and
 4.0 million respectively, were held in the collateral accounts. 

73 

7. PNEUMOCONIOSIS (BLACK LUNG) BENEFITS 

 The Company is self-insured
for federal and state pneumoconiosis benefits for former employees and has
established an independent trust to pay these benefits. 

 The following table sets
forth the funded status of the Company s obligation: 

December 31, 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

(in thousands) 

Actuarial present value of benefit obligation: 

Expected claims from terminated employees 
 
 1,593 
 
 2,330 

Claimants 
 
 20,368 
 
 20,454 

Total present value of benefit obligation 
 
 21,961 
 
 22,784 

Plan assets at fair value, primarily government-backed 

securities 
 
 28,195 
 
 30,449 

Excess of trust assets over pneumoconiosis benefit 

obligations 
 
 6,234 
 
 7,665 

The discount rates used in
determining the accumulated pneumoconiosis benefit as of December 31, 2003 and
2002 were 6.25 and 6.75 , respectively. 

 8. POSTRETIREMENT MEDICAL AND LIFE INSURANCE BENEFITS 

 Single-Employer
Plans 

 The Company and its
subsidiaries provide certain health care and life insurance benefits for retired
employees and their dependents either voluntarily or as a result of the Coal
Act. Substantially all of the Company s current employees may also become
eligible for these benefits if certain age and service requirements are met at
the time of termination or retirement as specified in the plan document. The
majority of these benefits are provided through self-insured programs. The
Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106 
 Employers Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than
Pensions (SFAS 106) effective January 1, 1993 and elected to amortize its
unrecognized, unfunded accumulated postretirement benefit obligation over a
20-year period. 

74 

The following table sets
forth the actuarial present value of postretirement medical and life insurance
benefit obligations and amounts recognized in the Company s financial
statements: 

December 31, 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

(in thousands) 

Assumptions: 

Discount rate 
 
 6.25 
 
 6.75 

Change in benefit obligation: 

Net benefit obligation at beginning of year 
 
 223,478 
 
 205,564 

Service cost 
 
 446 
 
 400 

Interest cost 
 
 15,693 
 
 14,989 

Plan amendments 
 
 (667) 
 
 - 

Plan participant contributions 
 
 81 
 
 67 

Actuarial loss 
 
 13,253 
 
 18,882 

Gross benefits paid 
 
 (14,730) 
 
 (16,424) 

Net benefit obligation at end of year 
 
 237,554 
 
 223,478 

Change in plan assets: 

Employer contributions 
 
 14,649 
 
 16,357 

Plan participant contributions 
 
 81 
 
 67 

Gross benefits paid 
 
 (14,730) 
 
 (16,424) 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Funded status at end of year 
 
 (237,554) 
 
 (223,478) 

Unrecognized net actuarial loss 
 
 73,407 
 
 65,353 

Unrecognized net transition obligation 
 
 36,902 
 
 41,002 

Net amount recognized at end of year 
 
 (127,245) 
 
 (117,123) 

The components of net
periodic postretirement benefit cost are as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(in thousands) 

Assumptions: 

Discount rate 
 
 6.75 
 
 7.25 
 
 7.50 

Components of net periodic benefit cost: 

Service cost 
 
 446 
 
 400 
 
 227 

Interest cost 
 
 15,693 
 
 14,989 
 
 12,327 

Amortization of: 

Transition obligation 
 
 4,100 
 
 4,100 
 
 4,100 

Actuarial loss 
 
 4,532 
 
 2,899 
 
 861 

Total net periodic benefit cost 
 
 24,771 
 
 22,388 
 
 17,515 

Of the total net periodic
benefit cost, 23.4 million, 21.1 million and 16.7 million, relates to the
Company s former eastern mining operations and is included in heritage
health benefit costs in 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively. The remainder of 1.4
million, 1.3 million and 0.8 million, respectively, relates to current
operations. 

75 

Sensitivity of retiree
 welfare results (in thousands): 

Effect of a one percentage point increase in assumed ultimate health care cost trend 

- - on total service and interest cost components 
 
 1,658 

- - on postretirement benefit obligation 
 
 25,318 

Effect of a one percentage point decrease in 

assumed ultimate health care cost trend 

- - on total service and interest cost components 
 
 (1,401) 

- - on postretirement benefit obligation 
 
 (21,514) 

The health care cost trend
assumed on covered charges was 8.50 , 9.25 and 10.0 for 2003, 2002 and 2001,
respectively, decreasing to an ultimate trend of 5.0 in 2009 and beyond. 

 In December 2003, the
Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the
 Act became law in the United States. The Act introduces a
prescription drug benefit under Medicare as well as a federal subsidy to
sponsors of retiree health care benefit plans that provide a benefit that is at
least actuarially equivalent to the Medicare benefit. Currently, the Company
does not believe it will need to amend its plan to benefit from Medicare benefit
provided under the Act. The Company has reflected the estimated impact of the
Act as a 16.5 million reduction in the present value of the accumulated
post-retirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 2003. However, the impact
of the Act is not reflected in the net periodic benefit cost for 2003. Specific authoritative guidance on
the accounting for the federal subsidy is pending and that guidance, when
issued, could require the Company to change previously reported information. 

 Based on the same
assumptions used in measuring the Company s benefit obligation at December
31, 2003, the Company expects to pay benefits in each year 2004-2008 of 17.4
million, 18.2 million, 17.4 million, 18.0 million and 18.2 million,
respectively. The aggregate benefits expected to be paid in the five-years from
2009-2013 are 92.5 million. 

 Multiemployer
Plan 

 The Company makes payments
to the Combined Benefit Fund CBF ), which is a multiemployer health
plan neither controlled nor administered by the Company. The CBF is designed to
pay benefits to UMWA workers (and dependents) who retired prior to 1976. The
Company is required by the Coal Act to make monthly premium payments into the
CBF. These payments are based on the number of beneficiaries assigned to the
Company, the Company s UMWA employees who retired prior to 1976 and the
Company s pro-rata assigned share of UMWA retirees whose companies are no
longer in business. The net present value of the Company s future cash
payments is estimated to be approximately 39.8 million at December 31, 2003.
The Company expenses payments to the CBF when they are due. Payments are
generally made on the due date. Payments in 2003, 2002 and 2001 were 5.3
million, 5.2 million and 5.7 million, respectively. See Note 14 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

76 

9. RETIREMENT
PLANS 

 Defined
Benefit Pension Plans 

 The Company provides
defined benefit pension plans for its full-time employees. Benefits are
generally based on years of service and the employee s average annual
compensation for the highest five continuous years of employment as specified in
the plan agreement. The Company s funding policy is to contribute annually
the minimum amount prescribed, as specified by applicable regulations. Prior
service costs and actuarial gains and losses are amortized over plan
participants expected future period of service using the straight-line
method. 

 Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan 

 Effective January 1, 1992,
the Company adopted the Westmoreland Coal Company Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan SERP ). The SERP is an unfunded non-qualified
deferred compensation plan which provides benefits to certain employees that are
not eligible under the Company s defined benefit pension plan beyond the
maximum limits imposed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code. 

 The following table
provides a reconciliation of the changes in the plans benefit obligations
and fair value of assets for the periods ended December 31, 2003 and 2002 and
the amounts recognized in the Company s financial statements for both the
defined benefit pension and SERP Plans: 

77 

Qualified Pension Benefits 
 
 SERP Benefits 

December 31, 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

(in thousands) 

Assumptions: 

Discount rate 
 
 6.25 
 
 6.75 
 
 6.25 
 
 6.75 

Expected return on plan assets 
 
 8.50 
 
 9.00 
 
 8.50 
 
 9.00 

Rate of compensation increase 
 
 4.50 
 
 4.50 
 
 5.00 
 
 5.00 

Change in benefit obligation: 

Net benefit obligation at beginning of year 
 
 41,366 
 
 33,544 
 
 2,626 
 
 1,503 

Service cost 
 
 2,138 
 
 1,943 
 
 59 
 
 76 

Interest cost 
 
 2,839 
 
 2,556 
 
 127 
 
 170 

Actuarial (gain) loss 
 
 2,638 
 
 3,513 
 
 (773) 
 
 953 

Gross benefits paid 
 
 (1,204) 
 
 (190) 
 
 (76) 
 
 (76) 

Net benefit obligation at end of year 
 
 47,777 
 
 41,366 
 
 1,963 
 
 2,626 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
 
 30,147 
 
 33,593 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Actual return on plan assets 
 
 3,905 
 
 (3,334) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Employer contributions 
 
 - 
 
 78 
 
 76 
 
 76 

Gross benefits paid 
 
 (1,204) 
 
 (190) 
 
 (76) 
 
 (76) 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
 
 32,848 
 
 30,147 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Funded status at end of year 
 
 (14,929) 
 
 (11,219) 
 
 (1,963) 
 
 (2,626) 

Unrecognized net actuarial (gain) loss 
 
 14,659 
 
 14,271 
 
 (310) 
 
 532 

Unrecognized prior service cost 
 
 105 
 
 154 
 
 75 
 
 74 

Unrecognized net transition asset 
 
 (4) 
 
 (10) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net amount recognized at end of year 
 
 (169) 
 
 3,196 
 
 (2,198) 
 
 (2,020) 

Amounts recognized in the accompanying balance sheet consist of: 

Accrued benefit cost 
 
 (169) 
 
 3,196 
 
 (2,198) 
 
 (2,020) 

Minimum pension liability 
 
 (6,717) 
 
 (5,517) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net amount recognized at end of year 
 
 (6,886) 
 
 (2,321) 
 
 (2,198) 
 
 (2,020) 

The components of net
periodic pension cost (benefit) are as follows: 

Qualified Pension Benefits 
 
 SERP Benefits 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(in thousands) 

Assumptions: 

Discount rate 
 
 6.75 
 
 7.25 
 
 7.50 
 
 6.75 
 
 7.25 
 
 7.50 

Expected return on plan assets 
 
 8.50 
 
 9.00 
 
 9.00 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Rate of compensation increase 
 
 4.50 
 
 4.50 
 
 4.50 
 
 5.00 
 
 5.00 
 
 5.00 

Components of net periodic benefit cost 

Service cost 
 
 2,139 
 
 1,943 
 
 1,238 
 
 59 
 
 76 
 
 52 

Interest cost 
 
 2,839 
 
 2,556 
 
 1,551 
 
 127 
 
 170 
 
 105 

Expected return on assets 
 
 (2,393) 
 
 (2,975) 
 
 (2,275) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Amortization of: 

Transition asset 
 
 (6) 
 
 (6) 
 
 (6) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Prior service cost 
 
 50 
 
 50 
 
 42 
 
 84 
 
 76 
 
 116 

Actuarial (gain) loss 
 
 803 
 
 97 
 
 - 
 
 (16) 
 
 22 
 
 (40) 

Total net periodic pension cost 
 
 3,432 
 
 1,665 
 
 550 
 
 254 
 
 344 
 
 233 

78 

The weighted-average asset
allocation of the Company s qualified pension trusts at December 31, 2003
and 2002 was as follows: 

Allocation of Plan Assets at December 31 

Asset Category 
 2003 
 2002 
 
 Target Allocation 

Cash and equivalents 
 - 
 11 
 
 0 -25 

Equity securities 
 70 
 51 
 
 40 -75 

Debt securities 
 29 
 38 
 
 0 -50 

Other 
 1 
 - 
 
 0 -10 

Total 
 100 
 100 

The Company s
investment goals are to maximize returns subject to specific risk management
policies. Its risk management policies permit investments in mutual funds, and
prohibit direct investments in debt and equity securities and derivative
financial instruments. The Company addresses diversification by the use of
mutual fund investments whose underlying investments are in domestic and
international fixed income securities and domestic and international equity
securities. These mutual funds are readily marketable and can be sold to fund
benefit payment obligations as they become payable. 

 The Company expects to
contribute 1.7 million to its qualified pension plans and 76,000 to its SERP
in 2004. 

 The benefits expected to be
paid in each year 2004-2008 are 532,000, 670,000, 903,000, 1.2 million and
 1.6 million, respectively. The aggregate benefits expected to be paid in the
five years from 2009-2013 are 14.0 million. The expected benefits are based on
the same assumptions used to measure the company s benefit obligation at
December 31 and include estimated future employee service. 

 1974 UMWA
Pension Plan 

 The Company was required
under the 1993 Wage Agreement to pay amounts based on hours worked or tons
processed (depending on the source of the coal) in the form of contributions to
the 1974 UMWA Pension Plan with respect to UMWA represented employees. The 1974
UMWA Pension Plan is a multiemployer plan under ERISA. 

 Under the Multiemployer
Pension Plan Act MPPA ), a company contributing to a multiemployer
plan is liable for its share of unfunded vested liabilities upon withdrawal from
the plan. That withdrawal occurred for the Company with the cessation of eastern
mining operations, its only operations at that time which utilized UMWA
employees.. In 1996, the Company recorded its withdrawal liability, which was
estimated by the 1974 UMWA Pension Plan at 13.8 million. The Company disputed
the amount of this obligation through arbitration. In accordance with MPPA, the
Company amortized this withdrawal liability, with interest, during the
arbitration process by making payments of approximately 172,500 per month. The
final phase of the arbitration was scheduled for April 2004. On March 8, 2004,
the Company reached a settlement agreement with the 1974 UMWA Pension Plan
whereby its obligation was considered fully repaid after making the monthly
payment in February 2004. As a result, the Company reduced the recorded amount
of its obligation and reduced the amount of its heritage health benefit costs
for 2003 by 6.3 million. No further contributions will be required. 

79 

10. INCOME
TAXES 

 Income tax expense
(benefit) attributable to income (loss) before income taxes consists of: 

2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(in thousands) 

Current: 

Federal 
 
 25 
 
 - 
 
 - 

State 
 
 251 
 
 900 
 
 908 

276 
 
 900 
 
 908 

Deferred: 

Federal 
 
 (9,599) 
 
 (5,605) 
 
 (120) 

State 
 
 (132) 
 
 (51) 
 
 (352) 

(9,731) 
 
 (5,656) 
 
 (472) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 (9,455) 
 
 (4,756) 
 
 436 

Income tax expense (benefit)
attributable to income (loss) before income taxes differed from the amounts
computed by applying the statutory Federal income tax rate of 34 to pretax
income as a result of the following: 

2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(in thousands) 

Computed tax expense (benefit) at statutory rate 
 
 1,067 
 
 1,825 
 
 1,925 

Increase (decrease) in tax expense resulting from: 

Tax depletion in excess of book 
 
 (2,865) 
 
 (3,399) 
 
 (2,412) 

Minority interest adjustment 
 
 263 
 
 272 
 
 265 

State income taxes, net 
 
 78 
 
 720 
 
 842 

Change in valuation allowance 

relating to Federal income taxes 
 
 (7,768) 
 
 (4,149) 
 
 - 

Other, net 
 
 (230) 
 
 (25) 
 
 (184) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 (9,455) 
 
 (4,756) 
 
 436 

80 

The tax effects of
temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax
assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2003 and 2002 are presented
below: 

2003 
 
 2002 

Deferred tax assets: 
 
 (in thousands) 

Federal net operating loss carryforwards 
 
 61,326 
 
 58,874 

State net operating loss carryforwards 
 
 6,160 
 
 6,035 

Alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards 
 
 2,632 
 
 2,608 

Accruals for the following: 

Workers' compensation 
 
 3,791 
 
 4,296 

Postretirement benefit and pension obligations 
 
 49,601 
 
 43,336 

Asset retirement obligations 
 
 13,397 
 
 7,532 

1974 UMWA pension plan obligation 
 
 100 
 
 3,214 

Other accruals 
 
 5,273 
 
 4,722 

Total gross deferred assets 
 
 142,280 
 
 130,617 

Less valuation allowance 
 
 (25,058) 
 
 (32,574) 

Net deferred tax assets 
 
 117,222 
 
 98,043 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Investment in independent power projects 
 
 (12,273) 
 
 (14,964) 

Plant and equipment, differences due to depreciation and amortization 
 
 (26,668) 
 
 (14,929) 

Excess of trust assets over pneumoconiosis benefit obligation 
 
 (2,494) 
 
 (3,066) 

Total gross deferred tax liabilities 
 
 (41,435) 
 
 (32,959) 

Net deferred tax asset 
 
 75,787 
 
 65,084 

The net deferred tax asset
is presented on the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, as follows: 

2003 
 
 2002 

(in thousands) 

Deferred income tax assets - current 
 
 12,921 
 
 15,831 

Deferred income tax assets - long-term 
 
 62,866 
 
 49,253 

75,787 
 
 65,084 

An income tax benefit of
 484,000, 160,000 and 989,000 related to the exercise of stock options during
2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively, was added to other paid-in capital. 

 As of December 31, 2003, a
minimum of 180.4 million of future taxable income will be necessary to enable
the Company to fully utilize the net operating loss carryforwards and realize
gross deferred tax assets of 142.3 million. As of December 31, 2003, the
Company has available Federal net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future
taxable income which expires as follows: 

Expiration Date 
 
 Regular Tax 

(in thousands) 

2010 
 
 45,809 

2011 
 
 36,479 

2012 
 
 449 

2018 
 
 531 

2019 
 
 88,429 

after 2019 
 
 8,673 

Total 
 
 180,370 

81 

Current tax expense results
from Federal Alternative Minimum Tax and estimated state income taxes. The
deferred income tax benefit recorded for 2003 included a benefit of 7.8 million
due to a reduction in the deferred income tax asset valuation allowance as a
result of an increase in the amount of Federal net operating loss carryforwards
the Company expects to use prior to their expiration through 2019. The increase
in the expected amount of Federal net operating losses to be used in future
years is primarily a result of an extension of an existing coal sales contract
entered into during 2003, the agreement reached with the customer of the
Company s Jewett Mine providing certainty of volumes and pricing through
2007 and the settlement of the withdrawal liability issue with the 1974 UMWA
Retirement Plan. The terms of the extended contract call for deliveries of 1.5
to 2.5 million tons per year from 2004 through 2008. In addition, the deferred
income tax benefit for 2003 reflects the generation of additional deferred tax
assets during the period due to temporary differences related to the timing of
book expenses versus tax deductions. The deferred income tax benefit recorded
for 2002 included a benefit of 4.1 million for a reduction in the valuation
allowance as a result of anticipated increased use of future net operating loss
carryforwards. 

 The Company has alternative
minimum tax credit carryforwards of 2.6 million which are available
indefinitely to offset future Federal taxes payable. For Alternative Minimum Tax
purposes, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately
 34.8 million as of December 31, 2003. As of December 31, 2003, the Company also
has available an estimated 14.1 million in net operating loss carryforwards in
Colorado to reduce future taxable income. 

 11. CAPITAL
STOCK 

 Each depositary share
represents one-quarter of a share of Westmoreland s Series A Convertible
Exchangeable Preferred Stock. Dividends at a rate of 8.5 per annum were
previously paid quarterly but were last suspended in the third quarter of 1995
pursuant to the requirements of Delaware law, described below, as a result of
recognition of net losses, the violation of certain bank covenants, and a
subsequent shareholders deficit. The full amount of the quarterly dividend
is 2.125 per preferred share or 0.53 per depositary share. Westmoreland
commenced a partial payment of dividends to preferred shareholders on October 1,
2002 as described below. The quarterly dividends which are accumulated but
unpaid through and including January 1, 2004 amount to 15.3 million in the
aggregate 74.62 per preferred share or 18.65 per depositary share). Common
stock dividends may not be declared until the preferred stock dividends that are
accumulated but unpaid are made current. 

 There are statutory
restrictions limiting the payment of preferred stock dividends under Delaware
law, the state in which Westmoreland is incorporated. Under Delaware law,
Westmoreland is permitted to pay preferred stock dividends only: (1) out of
surplus, surplus being the amount of shareholders equity in excess of the
par value of Westmoreland s two classes of stock; or (2) in the event there
is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which a preferred stock
dividend is declared (and/or out of net profits from the preceding fiscal year),
but only to the extent that shareholders equity exceeds the par value of
the preferred stock (which par value was 205,000 at December 31, 2003). The
Company had shareholders equity of 33.3 million and the par value of all
outstanding shares of preferred stock and shares of common stock aggregated
 20.1 million at December 31, 2003. 

 The Board of Directors
regularly reviews the subjects of current preferred stock dividends and the
accumulated unpaid preferred stock dividends, and is committed to meeting its
obligations to the preferred shareholders in a manner consistent with the best
interests of all shareholders. Quarterly dividends of 0.15 per depositary share
were commenced beginning October 1, 2002 and increased to 0.20 per depositary
share beginning October 1, 2003. 

82 

On August 9, 2002
Westmoreland s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 10 of
the outstanding depositary shares on the open market or in privately negotiated
transactions with institutional and accredited investors between then and the
end of 2004. The timing and amount of depositary shares repurchased will be
determined by the Company s management based on its evaluation of the
Company s capital resources, the price of the depositary shares offered to
the Company and other factors. Any acquired shares will be converted into shares
of Series A Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Stock and retired. The repurchase
program will be funded from working capital which may be currently available, or
become available to the Company. Since the commencement of the depositary share
purchase program, Westmoreland has purchased a total of 14,500 depositary shares
for aggregate consideration of 457,000, including 7,000 shares purchased in
2003 for 213,000. 

 12. INCENTIVE
STOCK OPTION AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS PLANS 

 As of December 31, 2003,
the Company had options outstanding from four shareholder-approved Incentive
Stock Option ISOs Plans for employees and three Incentive Stock
Option Plans for directors. 

 The employee plans provide
for the granting of ISO s, non-qualified options under certain
circumstances, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock. ISO s
generally vest over two years, expire ten years from the date of grant, and may
not have an option price that is less than the market value of the stock on the
date of grant. The maximum number of shares that could be issued or granted
under these plans is 1,550,000, and as of December 31, 2003, 193,806 shares are
available for future issue or grant. 

 The non-employee director
plans generally allow the grant of options for 20,000 shares when elected or
appointed, and options for 10,000 shares after each annual meeting. Beginning in
2003, rather than the grant of 10,000 options, each non-employee director was
granted 30,000 worth of common shares which are restricted for one year from
the date of grant. The maximum number of shares that could be issued or granted
under these plans is 900,000, and as of December 31, 2003, 44,832 shares are
available for future issue or grant. 

83 

Information for 2003, 2002
and 2001 with respect to both the employee and director Plans is as follows: 

Issue Price Range 
 Stock Option Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Outstanding at December 31, 2000 
 2.63-20.00 
 1,174,800 
 3.64 

Granted in 2001 
 12.04-8.19 
 145,500 
 17.58 

Exercised in 2001 
 2.81-8.75 
 (371,450) 
 3.99 

Expired or forfeited in 2001 
 2.63-20.00 
 (56,500) 
 5.53 

Outstanding at December 31, 2001 
 2.63-18.19 
 892,350 
 5.51 

Granted in 2002 
 12.86-15.31 
 183,600 
 13.93 

Exercised in 2002 
 2.63-12.38 
 (77,900) 
 4.28 

Outstanding at December 31, 2002 
 2.63-18.19 
 998,050 
 7.17 

Granted in 2003 
 10.48-18.08 
 189,350 
 17.08 

Exercised in 2003 
 2.81-12.86 
 (114,700) 
 3.56 

Expired or forfeited in 2003 
 12.86-18.19 
 (23,300) 
 15.11 

Outstanding at December 31, 2003 
 2.63-18.19 
 1,049,400 
 9.22 

Information about stock
options outstanding as of December 31, 2003 is as follows: 

Range of Exercise Price 
 Number Outstanding 
 Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
 Number Exercisable 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 

2.63 - 5.00 
 520,100 
 4.9 
 2.92 
 502,600 
 2.91 

5.01-10.00 
 40,000 
 6.9 
 7.41 
 30,000 
 7.41 

10.01-15.00 
 125,635 
 8.4 
 12.35 
 63,435 
 12.56 

15.01-18.19 
 363,665 
 8.7 
 17.36 
 98,465 
 17.50 

2.63-18.19 
 1,049,400 
 6.7 
 9.22 
 694,500 
 6.06 

13. BUSINESS
SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 The Company s
operations have been classified into two segments: coal and independent power
operations. The coal segment includes the production and sale of coal from
Montana, North Dakota and Texas. The independent power operations include the
ownership of interests in cogeneration and other non-regulated independent power
plants. The Corporate classification noted in the tables represents
all costs not otherwise classified, including corporate office charges, heritage
health benefit costs and business development expenses. Summarized financial
information by segment for 2003, 2002 and 2001 is as follows: 

84 

Year ended
December 31, 2003 

Coal 
 
 Independent Power 
 
 Corporate 
 
 Total 

(in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Coal 
 
 294,986 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 294,986 

Equity in earnings 
 
 - 
 
 15,824 
 
 - 
 
 15,824 

294,986 
 
 15,824 
 
 - 
 
 310,810 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales coal 
 
 228,433 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 228,433 

Depreciation, depletion 

and amortization 
 
 12,451 
 
 22 
 
 126 
 
 12,599 

Selling and administrative 
 
 23,626 
 
 1,013 
 
 8,747 
 
 33,386 

Heritage health benefit 

costs 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 29,922 
 
 29,922 

Gain on sales of assets 
 
 (194) 
 
 - 
 
 (451) 
 
 (645) 

Operating income (loss) from continuing operations 
 
 30,670 
 
 14,789 
 
 (38,344) 
 
 7,115 

Capital expenditures 
 
 13,110 
 
 1 
 
 129 
 
 13,240 

Property, plant and 

equipment (net) 
 
 150,887 
 
 48 
 
 414 
 
 151,349 

Year ended December
31, 2002 

Coal 
 
 Independent Power 
 
 Corporate 
 
 Total 

(in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Coal 
 
 301,235 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 301,235 

Equity in earnings 
 
 - 
 
 14,506 
 
 - 
 
 14,506 

301,235 
 
 14,506 
 
 - 
 
 315,741 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales coal 
 
 226,707 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 226,707 

Depreciation, depletion 

and amortization 
 
 11,430 
 
 13 
 
 96 
 
 11,539 

Selling and administrative 
 
 23,058 
 
 939 
 
 8,251 
 
 32,248 

Heritage health benefit 

costs 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 26,921 
 
 26,921 

Doubtful account recoveries 
 
 (516) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (516) 

Loss on sales of assets 
 
 9 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 9 

Operating income (loss) from continuing operations 
 
 40,547 
 
 13,554 
 
 (35,268) 
 
 18,833 

Capital expenditures 
 
 7,196 
 
 45 
 
 82 
 
 7,323 

Property, plant and 

equipment (net) 
 
 188,154 
 
 69 
 
 1,309 
 
 189,532 

85 

Year ended
December 31, 2001 

Coal 
 
 Independent Power 
 
 Corporate 
 
 Total 

(in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Coal 
 
 231,048 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 231,048 

Equity in earnings 
 
 - 
 
 15,871 
 
 - 
 
 15,871 

231,048 
 
 15,871 
 
 - 
 
 246,919 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales coal 
 
 177,304 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 177,304 

Depreciation, depletion 

and amortization 
 
 9,124 
 
 11 
 
 30 
 
 9,165 

Selling and administrative 
 
 13,184 
 
 376 
 
 9,511 
 
 23,071 

Heritage health benefit 

costs 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 23,773 
 
 23,773 

Doubtful account recoveries 
 
 (428) 
 
 - 
 
 (18) 
 
 (446) 

Loss on sales of assets 
 
 - 
 
 440 
 
 - 
 
 440 

Operating income (loss) from continuing operations 
 
 31,864 
 
 15,044 
 
 (33,296) 
 
 13,612 

Capital expenditures 
 
 5,388 
 
 4 
 
 41 
 
 5,433 

Property, plant and 

equipment (net) 
 
 195,968 
 
 45 
 
 1,258 
 
 197,271 

The Company derives its
coal revenues from a few key customers. The customers from which more than 10 
of total revenue has been derived and the percentage of total revenue is
summarized as follows: 

2003 
 2002 
 2001 

(in thousands) 

Customer A 
 99,688 
 119,658 
 92,626 

Customer B 
 70,431 
 64,007 
 46,104 

Percentage of total revenue 
 55 
 58 
 56 

14. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

 Protection of
the Environment 

 As of December 31, 2003 the
Company has reclamation bonds in place for its active mines in Montana, North
Dakota and Texas and for inactive mining sites in Virginia which are now
awaiting final bond release. These government-required bonds assure that coal
mining operations comply with applicable Federal and State regulations relating
to the performance and completion of final reclamation activities. The Company
estimates that the cost of final reclamation for its mines when they are closed
in the future will total approximately 306.7 million. with a present value of
 123.3 million, and that the Company is financially responsible for reclamation
obligations with a present value of 45.2 million. The contractual third party
reclamation obligations of certain customers and a contract mine operator are
discussed below. The amount of the Company s bonds exceeds the amount of
its share of estimated final reclamation obligations as of December 31, 2003. 

86 

At the Rosebud Mine,
certain customers were contractually obligated under a coal supply agreement to
pay the final reclamation costs for a specific area of the mine. They satisfied
that obligation by pre-funding their respective portions of those costs. The
funds are invested in cash equivalents and government-backed interest-bearing
securities. As of December 31, 2003, the value of those funds, classified as
reclamation deposits on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was 51.1 million. One
customer under the same coal supply agreement elected not to pre-fund its
obligation but in 2003 began to fund a separate reclamation account to satisfy
the contract provisions. The balance in that account was 1.7 million and the
present value of that customer s obligation was 6.3 million as of December
31, 2003 and is classified as contractual third party reclamation obligations on
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 Also at the Rosebud Mine,
all of the owners of the Colstrip Station are contractually required to
reimburse the Company for contemporaneous reclamation costs as they are
incurred. As of December 31, 2003, the total amount of such costs outstanding
was 7.3 million, which amount is included in other receivables on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 At the Jewett Mine, the
customer is contractually responsible for all post-production reclamation
obligations and has provided a 50.0 million corporate guarantee to the Railroad
Commission of Texas to assure performance of such final reclamation. The present
value of the customer s obligation was 12.8 million as of December 31,
2003, which is classified as contractual third party reclamation obligations on
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 At the Absaloka Mine, the
contract miner, Washington Group International WGI ), is obligated
to perform the vast majority of all reclamation activities, including all final
backfilling, regrading and seeding. Westmoreland Resources Inc. WRI owns the Absaloka Mine, and Westmoreland owns 80 of WRI. WRI
has a maximum financial responsibility for these activities of 1.7 million,
which amount is being pre-funded through annual installment payments of 113,000
through 2005. Once the contract miner has performed its final reclamation
obligations, WRI will be responsible for site maintenance and monitoring until
final bond release. To assure compliance, and as part of a settlement of several
outstanding issues in 2002, the contract miner has established an escrow account
into which 6.5 of every contract mining invoice payment is being deposited. The
balance as of December 31, 2003 was 1.5 million which includes WRI s 2003
annual installment of 113,000. The present value of the contract miner s
reclamation obligation was 6.3 million as of December 31, 2003, and is
classified as contractual third party reclamation obligations on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 Royalty Claims 

 The Company has received
demand letters from the Montana Department of Revenue DOR ), as
agent for the Minerals Management Service MMS of the U.S.
Department of the Interior, asserting underpayment of certain royalties
allegedly due at the Rosebud Mine. The claims relate to the fees the Company
receives to transport coal from the contract delivery point to the customer,
certain take or pay payments the Company received when its customers
did not require coal, and adjustments for certain taxes. The total amount of the
claims is approximately 15.5 million, including penalties and interest, which
continues to accrue. The Company continues to receive transportation fees and
expects DOR to assert claims for additional underpayment and to issue more
demand letters until the appeal process is completed. The Company believes that
the DOR/MMS claims are improper and is vigorously contesting them. The appeal
process will take several years. In the event of a negative outcome with DOR and
MMS, the Company believes that certain of the Company s customers are
contractually obligated to reimburse the Company for any claims paid plus legal
expenses. 

87 

UMWA Master
Agreement 

 The Company was subject to
certain financial ratio tests specified in a Contingent Promissory Note (the
 Note executed in conjunction with an agreement with the UMWA Health
and Retirement Funds (the Master Agreement and others, which
facilitated the Company s discharge from Chapter 11 Bankruptcy in 1998. The
Note was originally scheduled to terminate on January 1, 2005. On August 11,
2003, the Company reached an agreement with the above Funds, whereby, in
exchange for a one-time payment of 225,000, the financial ratio tests, the
Note, and a related security agreement were terminated. The Company will
continue to be obligated to meet certain other covenants through the expiration
of the Master Agreement on January 1, 2005. 

 Purchase Price
Adjustment 

 The final purchase price
for the Company s 2001 acquisition of the coal business of Entech LLC is
subject to a final adjustment. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase
Agreement, certain adjustments to the purchase price were to be made as of the
date the transaction closed to reflect the net assets of the acquired operations
on the closing date and the net revenues that those operations had earned
between January 1, 2001 and the closing date. In June 2001, Entech submitted
proposed adjustments that would have increased the purchase price by
approximately 9.0 million. In July 2001, the Company objected to Entech s
adjustments and submitted its own adjustments which would result in a
substantial decrease in the original purchase price. The Stock Purchase
Agreement requires that the parties disagreements be submitted to an
independent accountant for resolution. The Company also submitted a timely claim
for indemnification by Entech. 

 Litigation in the New York
courts ensued. On June 18, 2003, Touch America Holdings, Inc. (formerly Montana
Power Company) and Entech LLC (formerly Entech Inc., and together with Touch
America Holdings, Inc., the Debtors, filed bankruptcy petitions in
the United States Bankruptcy Court in Delaware. As a result, the automatic stay
provisions of the Bankruptcy Code prevent any pending action from proceeding or
any new actions from being filed against the Debtors. The Company s pending
litigation involving the purchase price adjustment is now stayed. The Company
filed appropriate proofs of claim. 

 The Company is currently
evaluating its options for proceeding, which include (1) seeking relief from the
stay, so that it can continue to pursue its purchase price adjustment claims
through the independent accountant and in an action at law in the New York
courts, and (2) seeking to resolve its claims as part of the bankruptcy
proceeding. 

 Tax Assessments 

 The ROVA project is located
in Halifax County, North Carolina and is the County s largest taxpayer. In
2002, the County hired an independent consultant to review and audit the
property tax returns for the previous five years. In May 2002, the County
advised the ROVA project that its returns were being scrutinized for potential
underpayment due to undervaluation of property subject to tax. ROVA responded to
the County that its valuation was consistent with a preconstruction agreement
reached with the County in 1996. In late 2002, the ROVA projects received notice
of an assessment of 4.6 million for the years 1997 to 2001. The ROVA Project
filed a protest. Since that date the County has increased the amount of its
claim to 5.3 million, which includes tax years 1996, 2002 and 2003. With
penalty and interest, the total amount claimed due by the County is 8.3
million. The ROVA Project Partnership believes its position is meritorious,
however, it is impossible to predict the outcome. If the assessment is upheld,
in addition to the amounts assessed, the ROVA Project s future taxes would
increase by approximately 600,000 per year, of which we would be responsible
for half. 

88 

Niagara Mohawk Power
Corporation NIMO was party to power purchase agreements with
independent power producers, including the Rensselaer project, in which the
Company owned an interest. In 1997, the New York Public Service Commission
approved NIMO s plan to terminate or restructure 29 power purchase
contracts. The Rensselaer project agreed to terminate its Power Purchase and
Supply Agreement after NIMO threatened to seize the project under its power of
eminent domain. NIMO and the Rensselaer project executed a settlement agreement
in 1998. On February 11, 2003, the North Carolina Department of Revenue notified
us that it had disallowed the exclusion of gain from the settlement agreement
between NIMO and the Rensselaer project. The State of North Carolina has
assessed a current tax of 3.5 million, interest of 1.0 million, and a penalty
of 0.9 million. We have filed a protest. The North Carolina Department of
Revenue held a hearing on May 28, 2003. In November 2003, the Company submitted
further documentation to the State to support its position and is awaiting their
response. 

 Other
Contingencies 

 McGreevey
Litigation 

 In late 2002, the Company
was served with a complaint in a case styled McGreevey et al. v. Montana Power
Company et al. in a Montana State court. Plaintiffs filed their first complaint
on August 16, 2001. This was the Plaintiffs Fourth Amendment Complaint
which added Westmoreland as a defendant to a shareholder suit against Montana
Power Company, various officers of Montana Power Company, the Board of Directors
of Montana Power Company, financial advisors and lawyers representing Montana
Power Company and the purchasers of some of the businesses formerly owned by
Montana Power Company and Entech, Inc., a subsidiary of Montana Power Company.
The plaintiffs seek to rescind the sale by Montana Power of its generating, oil
and gas, and transmission businesses, and the sale by Entech of its coal
business or to compel the purchasers to hold these businesses in trust for the
shareholders. The Plaintiffs contend that the shareholders were entitled to vote
to approve the sale by Entech to the Company even though they were not
shareholders of Entech. Westmoreland has filed an answer, various affirmative
defenses and a counterclaim against the plaintiffs. 

 The litigation has been
transferred to the U.S. District Court in Billings, Montana. In December 2003,
Montana Power and Entech sought to enforce the bankruptcy code s automatic
stay against the McGreevey plaintiffs. The plaintiffs have consented to a stay
of the McGreevey litigation for approximately four months. 

89 

Combined
Benefit Fund 

 The Company makes monthly
premium payments to the UMWA Combined Benefit Fund CBF ), a
multiemployer health plan neither controlled nor administered by the Company.
The previous amount of the monthly premiums was less than 400,000 and is
recalculated each October. In 1996, a Federal Court ordered a decrease in the
premiums charged by the CBF as a result of a finding that the formula being used
by the government to determine reimbursement for health benefits under the Coal
Act had been discontinued and that the actual amounts received by the CBF should
be used instead. In connection with a separate case brought by the CBF, the
Trustees of the CBF obtained notice of a premium increase on June 10, 2003 for
beneficiaries assigned to companies under the Coal Act from the Social Security
Administration SSA ). The CBF seeks to impose the increase
retroactively to 1995 and has imposed a retroactive catch-up premium
equal to the entire amount alleged to be due for the period from 1995 through
October 2003, payable over the twelve months commencing October 2003. The net
effect of these assessments increased the Company s monthly payments to the
CBF to 859,000 for the twelve months ending September 2004. The Company has
commenced paying the higher monthly invoices while it vigorously pursues its
legal remedies. As of December 31, 2003, the Company has accrued the remaining
retroactive portion of the CBF premiums totaling 3.5 million. 

 The Company is a party to
other claims and lawsuits with respect to various matters in the normal course
of business. The ultimate outcome of these matters is not expected to have a
material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of
operations or liquidity. 

 Lease
Obligations 

 The Company leases certain
of its coal reserves from third parties and pays royalties based on either a per
ton rate or as a percentage of revenues received. Royalties charged to expense
under all such lease agreements amounted to 24.2 million, 25.5 million and
 21.7 million in 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively. 

 The Company has operating
lease commitments expiring at various dates, primarily for real property and
equipment. Rental expense under operating leases during 2003, 2002 and 2001
totaled 2.9 million, 4.3 million and 3.2 million, respectively. Minimum
future rental obligations existing under these leases at December 31, 2003 are
as follows (in thousands): 

Lease Obligations 

2004 
 2,753 

2005 
 1,356 

2006 
 867 

2007 
 618 

2008 and thereafter 
 - 

Long-Term
Sales Commitments 

 The following table
presents estimated total sales tonnage under existing long-term contracts for
the next five years from the Company s existing mining operations. The
prices for all future tonnage are subject to revision and adjustments based upon
market prices, certain indices and/or cost recovery. 

Projected Sales Tonnage Under 

Existing Long-Term Contracts 

(in millions of tons) 

2004 
 29.6 

2005 
 28.8 

2006 
 28.3 

2007 
 27.8 

2008 
 22.3 

90 

The tonnages in the table
above represent estimated sales tonnage under existing, signed contracts and
generally exclude pending or anticipated contract renewals or new contracts.
These projections reflect customers scheduled major plant outages, if
known. 

 15. RESTRICTED
NET ASSETS OF WESTMORELAND MINING LLC 

 As discussed in Note 2, WML
was formed for the purpose of facilitating the financing of the acquisitions
completed effective April 30, 2001. The line of credit and existing term notes
entered into by WML for that purpose restrict the cash and other assets
available for distribution or dividend to the parent company or other entities
in the consolidated group. See Note 5 for a more detailed discussion of the
restrictions and the amount of cash that is available for general use. Due to
the recognition of a 55.6 million deferred tax asset in purchase accounting
relating primarily to Westmoreland Coal Company s net operating loss
carryforwards, WML s basis in property, plant and equipment is higher than
that recognized in Westmoreland s consolidated financial statements. 

 During the years ended
December 31, 2003, 2003 and 2001, WML paid dividends and management fees to
Westmoreland of 14.7 million, 14.9 million and 5.3 million, respectively. 

The following are the
condensed consolidated financial statements of WML and its subsidiaries as of
and for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002 (in thousands): 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

2003 
 
 2002 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 4,053 
 
 5,113 

Accounts receivable, net 
 
 19,452 
 
 18,090 

Restricted cash 
 
 17,427 
 
 12,883 

Deferred overburden removal costs 
 
 12,654 
 
 10,348 

Other current assets 
 
 17,868 
 
 19,580 

Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 168,788 
 
 208,639 

Deferred tax assets 
 
 - 
 
 1,571 

Reclamation deposits 
 
 52,786 
 
 49,484 

Contractual third party reclamation obligations 
 
 19,843 
 
 23,448 

Other assets 
 
 8,128 
 
 9,800 

Total Assets 
 
 320,999 
 
 358,956 

Current portion of long-term debt 
 
 11,595 
 
 8,852 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 31,187 
 
 30,715 

Payable to parent 
 
 23,018 
 
 19,164 

Line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 1,500 

Long-term debt, less current portion 
 
 81,374 
 
 89,305 

Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 114 
 
 - 

Asset retirement obligations 
 
 115,852 
 
 152,967 

Other liabilities 
 
 11,874 
 
 7,691 

Member s equity 
 
 45,985 
 
 48,762 

Total Liabilities and Member s Equity 
 
 320,999 
 
 358,956 

91 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 
 
 2002 

Coal revenues 
 
 245,871 
 
 256,363 

Cost of sales coal 
 
 (186,855) 
 
 (189,274) 

Depreciation and amortization expense 
 
 (14,478) 
 
 (14,516) 

Selling and administrative expense 
 
 (20,627) 
 
 (18,440) 

Management fees to parent 
 
 (2,000) 
 
 (2,000) 

Operating income 
 
 21,911 
 
 32,133 

Interest expense 
 
 (9,371) 
 
 (10,012) 

Interest and other income 
 
 1,995 
 
 2,154 

Income before income taxes and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 
 
 14,535 
 
 24,275 

Income tax expense 
 
 (5,020) 
 
 (9,239) 

Net income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 
 
 9,515 
 
 15,036 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 
 
 358 
 
 - 

Net income 
 
 9,873 
 
 15,036 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 
 
 2002 

Net income 
 
 9,873 
 
 15,036 

Depreciation and amortization expense 
 
 14,478 
 
 14,516 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 1,685 
 
 (1,169) 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 
 
 (358) 
 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 
 
 12,233 
 
 20,456 

Cash provided by operating activities 
 
 37,911 
 
 48,839 

Fixed asset additions 
 
 (12,760) 
 
 (7,286) 

Increase in restricted cash 
 
 (7,846) 
 
 (4,512) 

Proceeds from asset sales 
 
 973 
 
 610 

Cash used in investing activities 
 
 (19,633) 
 
 (11,188) 

Proceeds from borrowings of long-term debt, net 
 
 4,590 
 
 - 

Repayment of long-term debt 
 
 (9,778) 
 
 (13,753) 

Borrowings (repayments) under line of credit, net 
 
 (1,500) 
 
 (6,500) 

Dividends to parent 
 
 (12,650) 
 
 (12,909) 

Cash used in financing activities 
 
 (19,338) 
 
 (33,162) 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 (1,060) 
 
 4,489 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 
 5,113 
 
 624 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 
 4,053 
 
 5,113 

16. TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATED COMPANIES 

 WRI has a coal mining
contract with WGI, its 20 stockholder. Mining costs incurred under the contract
were 20.5 million, 18.0 million and 21.5 million in 2003, 2002 and 2001,
respectively. 

92 

17. QUARTERLY
FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 

 The quarterly data
presented below reflect the reclassification of discontinued operations
identified during the fourth quarter of 2003 and as a result differ from those
previously filed. Summarized quarterly financial data for 2003 and 2002 are as
follows: 

Three Months Ended 

March 31 
 
 June 30 
 
 Sept. 30 
 
 Dec. 31 

(in thousands except per share data) 

2003 

Revenues 
 
 78,284 
 
 70,455 
 
 83,291 
 
 78,780 

Costs and expenses 
 
 75,775 
 
 73,585 
 
 84,025 
 
 70,310 

Operating income (loss) from 

continuing operations 
 
 2,509 
 
 (3,130) 
 
 (734) 
 
 8,470 

Income (loss) from continuing 

operations before income taxes and cumulative effect of 

change in accounting principle 
 
 605 
 
 (4,941) 
 
 (2,948) 
 
 6,633 

Income tax (expense) benefit from 

continuing operations 
 
 910 
 
 3,459 
 
 4,228 
 
 2,374 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 
 
 (184) 
 
 2,306 
 
 (9) 
 
 - 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 
 
 161 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 
 1,492 
 
 824 
 
 1,272 
 
 9,006 

Less preferred stock dividend 

requirements 
 
 (440) 
 
 (440) 
 
 (436) 
 
 (436) 

Net income applicable to common 

shareholders 
 
 1,052 
 
 384 
 
 836 
 
 8,570 

Income per share applicable to common shareholders: 

Basic 
 
 0.14 
 
 0.05 
 
 0.11 
 
 1.08 

Diluted 
 
 0.13 
 
 0.05 
 
 0.10 
 
 1.02 

Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding: 

Basic 
 
 7,728 
 
 7,762 
 
 7,805 
 
 7,899 

Diluted 
 
 8,223 
 
 8,331 
 
 8,378 
 
 8,426 

Three Months Ended 

March 31 
 
 June 30 
 
 Sept. 30 
 
 Dec. 31 

(in thousands except per share data) 

2002 

Revenues 
 
 83,213 
 
 83,683 
 
 75,280 
 
 73,565 

Costs and expenses 
 
 77,367 
 
 78,601 
 
 70,865 
 
 70,075 

Operating income (loss) 
 
 5,846 
 
 5,082 
 
 4,415 
 
 3,490 

Income (loss) from continuing 

operations before income taxes 
 
 3,462 
 
 3,188 
 
 3,619 
 
 1,071 

Income tax (expense) benefit 
 
 (802) 
 
 (512) 
 
 1,212 
 
 2,470 

Loss from discontinued operations 
 
 (329) 
 
 (376) 
 
 (2,572) 
 
 (306) 

Net income (loss) 
 
 2,331 
 
 2,300 
 
 2,259 
 
 3,235 

Less preferred stock dividend 

requirements 
 
 (444) 
 
 (444) 
 
 (444) 
 
 (440) 

Income applicable to common 

shareholders 
 
 1,887 
 
 1,856 
 
 1,815 
 
 2,795 

Income per share applicable to common shareholders: 

Basic 
 
 0.25 
 
 0.24 
 
 0.24 
 
 0.36 

Diluted 
 
 0.23 
 
 0.23 
 
 0.22 
 
 0.34 

Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding: 

Basic 
 
 7,531 
 
 7,584 
 
 7,638 
 
 7,677 

Diluted 
 
 8,103 
 
 8,159 
 
 8,146 
 
 8,172 

93 

Independent
Auditors Report 

 The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
Westmoreland Coal Company: 

 We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Westmoreland Coal Company and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, shareholders equity and comprehensive income and
cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31,
2003. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

 We conducted our audits in
accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Westmoreland Coal Company and
subsidiaries at December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the results of their operations
and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 31, 2003, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

 As discussed in the Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the
Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 143,
 Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations , as of January 1, 2003. 

KPMG LLP 

Denver, Colorado 
February 20, 2004, except as to Notes 5 and 9, 
which are as of March 8, 2004 

94 

ITEM 9 - 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE 

This item is not applicable. 

ITEM 9A - 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

The Company s
management, with the participation of the Company s chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) as of
December 31, 2003. Based on this evaluation, the Company s chief executive
officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2003, the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures were (1) designed to ensure
that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to the Company s chief executive officer and
chief financial officer by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report was being prepared, and (2) effective, in that they
provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. 

 No change in the
Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the fiscal
quarter ended December 31, 2003 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. 

 PART III 

ITEM 10 - 
 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

ITEM 11 - 
 EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

ITEM 12 - 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

ITEM 13 - 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

For Items 10-13, inclusive,
except for information concerning executive officers of Westmoreland included as
an unnumbered item in Part I above, reference is hereby made to
Westmoreland s definitive proxy statement to be filed in accordance with
Regulation 14A pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
which is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

ITEM 14 - 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Reference is hereby made to
Westmoreland s definitive proxy statement to be filed in accordance with
Regulation 14A pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
which is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

95 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 - 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

a) 1. 
 The financial statements filed herewith are the Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Company and subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2002, and the related Consolidated Statements of Operations,
Shareholders' Equity and Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2003
together with the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
which are contained in Item 8. 

2. 
 The following financial statement schedule is filed herewith:
 Schedule II - Valuation Accounts 

3. 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith as required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 

(2) 
 Plan of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession 

(a) 
 Westmoreland's Plan of Reorganization was confirmed by an order of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the
 District of Delaware on December 16, 1994, and upon complying with the conditions of the order, Westmoreland emerged
 from bankruptcy on December 22, 1994. A copy of the confirmed Plan of Reorganization was filed as an Exhibit to
 Westmoreland's Report on Form 8-K filed December 30, 1994, which is incorporated herein by reference thereto (SEC
 File #001-11155). 

(3) 
 (a) 
 Articles of Incorporation: Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the Office of the Secretary of State
 of Delaware on February 21, 1995 and filed as Exhibit 3(a) to Westmoreland's 10-K for 1994 which Exhibit is
 incorporated herein by reference (SEC File #001-11155). 

(b) 
 Bylaws , as amended on June 18, 1999, and filed as Exhibit (3)(b) to Westmoreland's Report on Form 8-K filed June 21,
 1999, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference (SEC File #001-11155). 

(4) 
 Instruments defining the rights of security holders 

(a) 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Stock of the Company defining the rights
 of holders of such stock, filed July 8, 1992 as an amendment to the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, and
 filed as Exhibit 3(a) to Westmoreland's Form 10-K for 1992, which Exhibit is incorporated herein by reference (SEC
 File #001-11155). 

(b) 
 Form of Indenture between Westmoreland and Fidelity Bank, National Association, as Trustee relating to the Exchange
 Debentures. Reference is hereby made to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-2 Registration No. 33-47872 filed May 13, 1992, and
 Amendments 1 through 4 thereto, which Exhibit is incorporated herein by reference. 

96 

(c) 
 Form of Exchange Debenture. Reference is hereby made to Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-2 Registration No. 33-47872 filed May
 13, 1992, and Amendments 1 through 4 thereto, which Exhibit is incorporated herein by reference. 

(d) 
 Form of Deposit Agreement among Westmoreland, First Chicago Trust Company of New York, as Depository and the holders
 from time to time of the Depository Receipts. Reference is hereby made to Exhibit 4.3 to Form S-2 Registration No.
 33-47872 filed May 13, 1992, and Amendments 1 through 4 thereto, which Exhibit is incorporated herein by reference. 

(e) 
 Form of Certificate of Designation for the Series A Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Stock. Reference is hereby
 made to Exhibit 4.4 to Form S-2 Registration No. 33-47872 filed May 13, 1992, and Amendments 1 through 4 thereto,
 which Exhibit is incorporated herein by reference. 

(f) 
 Specimen certificate representing the common stock of Westmoreland, filed as Exhibit 4(c) to Westmoreland's
 Registration Statement on Form S-2, Registration No. 33-1950, filed December 4, 1985, is hereby incorporated by
 reference. 

(g) 
 Specimen certificate representing the Preferred Stock. Reference is hereby made to Exhibit 4.6 to Form S-2
 Registration No. 33-47872 filed May 13, 1992, and Amendments 1 through 4 thereto, which Exhibit is incorporated
 herein by reference. 

(h) 
 Form of Depository Receipt. Reference is hereby made to Exhibit 4.7 to Form S-2 Registration No. 33-47872 filed May
 13, 1992, and Amendments 1 through 4 thereto, which Exhibit is incorporated herein by reference. 

(i) 
 Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2003, between Westmoreland Coal Company and EquiServe
 Trust Company, N.A. Reference is hereby made to Exhibit 4.1 to Westmoreland's Form 8-K filed February 7, 2003,
 which Exhibit is incorporated herein by reference (SEC File #001-11155). 

(j) 
 In accordance with paragraph (b)(4)(iii) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K, Westmoreland hereby agrees to furnish to the
 Commission, upon request, copies of all other long-term debt instruments. 

(10) 
 Material Contracts 

(a) 
 Westmoreland Coal Company 1985 Incentive Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Rights Plan is incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10(d) to Westmoreland's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 1984 (SEC File #0-752). 

(b) 
 In 1990, the Board of Directors established an Executive Severance Policy for certain executive officers, which provides a
 severance award in the event of termination of employment. The description of the Executive Severance Policy is
 incorporated herein by reference to Westmoreland's Definitive Schedule 14A filed April 20, 2000 (SEC File
 #001-11155). 

97 

(c) 
 Westmoreland Coal Company 1991 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors is incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10(i) to Westmoreland's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 1990 (SEC File #0-752). 

(d) 
 Effective January 1, 1992, the Board of Directors established a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP") for certain
 executive officers and other key individuals, to supplement Westmoreland's Retirement Plan by not being limited to
 certain Internal Revenue Code limitations is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to Westmoreland's
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2000 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(e) 
 Amended Coal Lease Agreement between Westmoreland Resources, Inc. and Crow Tribe of Indians, dated November 26,
 1974, as further amended in 1982, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit (10)(a) to Westmoreland's Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1992 (SEC File #0-752). 

(f) 
 Westmoreland Coal Company 1995 Long-Term Incentive Stock Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix 3 to
 Westmoreland's Definitive Schedule 14A filed April 28, 1995 (SEC File #0-752). 

(g) 
 Master Agreement, dated as of January 4, 1999 between Westmoreland Coal Company, Westmoreland Resources, Inc.,
 Westmoreland Energy, Inc., Westmoreland Terminal Company, and Westmoreland Coal Sales Company, the UMWA 1992 Benefit
 Plan and its Trustees, the UMWA Combined Benefit Fund and its Trustees, the UMWA 1974 Pension Trust and its
 Trustees, the United Mine Workers of America, and the Official Committee of Equity Security Holders in the chapter
 11 case of Westmoreland Coal and its official members is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 99.2 to
 Westmoreland's Form 8-K filed on February 5, 1999 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(h) 
 Contingent Promissory Note between Westmoreland Coal Company, Westmoreland Resources, Inc., Westmoreland Energy, Inc.,
 Westmoreland Coal Sales Company, and Westmoreland Terminal Company and the UMWA Combined Benefit Fund and the UMWA
 1992 Benefit Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 99.3 to Westmoreland's Form 8-K filed on
 February 5, 1999 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(i) 
 Westmoreland Coal Company 1996 Directors' Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(i) to
 Westmoreland's Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2000 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(j) 
 Westmoreland Coal Company 2000 Nonemployee Directors' Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 10(j) to Westmoreland's Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2000 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(k) 
 Westmoreland Coal Company 2000 Long-Term Incentive Stock Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to
 Westmoreland's Definitive Schedule 14A filed April 20, 2000 (SEC File #001-11155). 

98 

(l) 
 Westmoreland Coal Company 2001 Directors Compensation Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Westmoreland's Form S-8
 filed March 12, 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(m) 
 Amended and Restated Coal Supply Agreement dated August 24, 1998, by and among The Montana Power Company, Puget Sound
 Energy, Inc., The Washington Water Power Company, Portland General Electric Company, PacifiCorp and Western Energy
 Company is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
 Quarter ended June 30, 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(n) 
 Coal Transportation Agreement dated July 10, 1981, by and among the Montana Power Company, Puget Sound Power Light
 Company, Puget Colstrip Construction Company, The Washington Water Power Company, Portland General Electric Company,
 Pacific Power Light Company, Basin Electric Power Cooperative, and Western Energy Company is incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2001
 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(o) 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Coal Transportation Agreement dated September 14, 1987, by and among The Montana Power Company, Puget
 Sound Power Light Company, Puget Colstrip Construction Company, The Washington Water Power Company, Portland
 General Electric Company, Pacific Power Light Company and Western Energy Company is incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2001 (SEC
 File #001-11155). 

(p) 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Coal Transportation Agreement dated August 24, 1998, by and among The Montana Power Company, Puget
 Sound Power Light Company, Puget Colstrip Construction Company, The Washington Water Power Company, Portland
 General Electric Company, Pacific Power Light Company, Basin Electric Power Cooperative, and Western Energy
 Company is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
 Quarter ended June 30, 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(q) 
 Lignite Supply Agreement dated August 29, 1979, between Northwestern Resources Co. and Utility Fuels Inc. is incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30,
 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(r) 
 Settlement Agreement and Amendment of Existing Contracts dated August 2, 1999, between Northwestern Resources Co. and
 Reliant Energy, Incorporated is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report
 on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(s) 
 Term Loan Agreement dated as of April 27, 2001 by and among Westmoreland Mining LLC, WCCO-KRC Acquisition Corp., Dakota
 Westmoreland Corporation, Western Energy Company, Northwestern Resources Co., the other entities from time to time
 party thereto as guarantors, and the purchasers named in Schedule A thereto is incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

99 

(t) 
 Credit Agreement dated as of April 27, 2001 by and among Westmoreland Mining LLC, WCCO-KRC Acquisition Corp., Dakota
 Westmoreland Corporation, Western Energy Company, Northwestern Resources Co., the other entities from time to time
 party thereto as guarantors, the banks party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, in its capacity as agent
 for the banks is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated May 15, 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(u) 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of August 15, 2001 among Westmoreland Mining LLC, the Loan Parties under the
 Credit Agreement, the Banks under the Credit Agreement, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent is incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30,
 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(v) 
 First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of August 15, 2001 among Westmoreland Mining LLC, the other Obligors
 under the Agreement, the Purchasers under the Agreement, and PNC Capital Markets, Inc., as lead arranger is
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter
 ended June 30, 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(w) 
 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement dated February 27, 2002 among Westmoreland Mining LLC, the Loan Parties under the Credit
 Agreement, the Banks under the Credit Agreement, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent, is incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10(w) to Westmoreland's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(x) 
 Second Amendment to Term Loan Agreement dated February 27, 2002 among Westmoreland Mining LLC, the other Obligors under the
 Agreement, the Purchasers under the Agreement, and PNC Capital Markets, Inc. as lead arranger, is incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10(x) to Westmoreland's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(y) 
 Third Amendment to Term Loan Agreement dated March 8, 2004 among Westmoreland Mining LLC, the other Obligors under the
 Agreement, the Purchasers under the Agreement, and PNC Capital Markets, Inc. as lead arranger, is incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed March 10, 2004 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(z) 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated March 8, 2004 among Westmoreland Mining LLC, the Loan Parties under the Credit
 Agreement, the Banks under the Credit Agreement, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent, is incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2004 (SEC File #001-11155). 

100 

(aa) 
 Loan Agreement dated as of December 14, 2001 between Westmoreland Coal Company, a Delaware corporation, and First Interstate
 Bank, a Montana corporation, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed on December 19,
 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(bb) 
 First Amendment dated as of December 24, 2002 to Loan Agreement dated December 14, 2001 between Westmoreland Coal Company, a
 Delaware corporation, and First Interstate Bank, a Montana corporation, is incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2003 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(cc) 
 Second Amendment dated as of January 24, 2003 to Loan Agreement dated December 14, 2001 between Westmoreland Coal Company, a
 Delaware corporation, and First Interstate Bank, a Montana corporation, is incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2003 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(dd) 
 Pledge Agreement is dated as of April 27, 2001 by and among Westmoreland Coal Company, Westmoreland Mining LLC, the other
 entities from time to time party thereto as pledgors, and Firstar Bank, N.A., as collateral agent for the
 purchasers in connection with the Term Loan Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the
 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(ee) 
 Pledge Agreement dated as of April 27, 2001, by and among 7Westmoreland Coal Company, Westmoreland Mining LLC, the other
 entities from time to time party thereto as pledgors, and Firstar Bank, N.A., as collateral agent for the banks in
 connection with the Revolving Credit Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the
 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(ff) 
 Continuing Agreement of Guaranty and Suretyship dated as of April 27, 2001 by and among WCCO-KRC Acquisition Corp., Dakota
 Westmoreland Corporation, Western Energy Company, Northwestern Resources Co., and each of the other persons which
 becomes a guarantor thereunder, in favor of the purchasers under the Term Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 99.6 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(gg) 
 Continuing Agreement of Guaranty and Suretyship dated as of April 27, 2001 by and among WCCO-KRC Acquisition Corp., Dakota
 Westmoreland Corporation, Western Energy Company, Northwestern Resources Co., and each of the other persons which
 becomes a guarantor thereunder, in favor of PNC Bank, National Association, as agent for the banks in connection
 with that Credit Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.7 to the Registrant's Current Report
 on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(hh) 
 Security Agreement dated as of April 27, 2001 by and among Westmoreland Mining LLC, WCCO-KRC Acquisition Corp., Dakota
 Westmoreland Corporation, Western Energy Company, Northwestern Resources Co., and each of the other persons which
 becomes a guarantor under the Term Loan Agreement and Firstar Bank, N.A., as collateral agent for the purchasers
 under the Term Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.8 to the Registrant's Current
 Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

101 

(ii) 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of September 15, 2000 by and between Westmoreland Coal Company and Entech, Inc. is
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 5,
 2001 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(jj) 
 Letter Agreement dated June 18, 2002, between Reliant-HL P and Northwestern Resources Co. is incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2002 (SEC
 File #001-11155). 

(kk) 
 Approved Westmoreland Coal Company 2000 Performance Unit Plan, dated May 22, 2003, is incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2003 (SEC File
 #001-11155). 

(ll) 
 First Amendment to Westmoreland Coal Company 2000 Non-employee Directors' Stock Incentive Plan, dated May 22, 2003 is
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended
 June 30, 2003 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(mm) 
 Termination Agreement for Robert J. Jaeger, Chief Financial Officer is herein incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
 Westmoreland's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2003 (SEC File #001-11155). 

(nn) 
 Supplemental Settlement Agreement and Amendment of Existing Contracts Between Northwestern Resources Company and Texas
 Genco, L.P. dated January 30, 2004. 

Confidential treatment has been requested as to certain portions, which portions
have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

(21) 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

(23) 
 
 Consent of Independent Certified Public Accountants 

(31) 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a))/15d-14(a) Certifications. 

(32) 
 
 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

b) 
 Reports on Form 8-K. 

102 

(1) 
 
 On January 28, 2003, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K regarding the execution on December 24, 2002 of the First
 Amendment to a Loan Agreement dated December 14, 2001 with First Interstate Bank, a Montana corporation. The
 amendment extended the maturity date of the revolving loan from December 14, 2003 to December 14, 2004. On January
 24, 2003 the Company executed the Second Amendment to the Loan Agreement. The Second Amendment further extends the
 maturity date of the revolving loan to January 15, 2005 and increases the Revolving Line of Credit from 7 million
 to 10 million. 

(2) 
 
 On February 7, 2003, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K announcing an amendment to its Rights Agreement dated as of
 January 28, 1993 by entering into an Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated as of February 7, 2003. 

(3) 
 
 On February 10, 2003, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K announcing its Board of Directors has authorized a dividend of
 0.15 per depositary share payable on April 1, 2003 to holders of record as of March 7, 2003. 

(4) 
 
 On March 17, 2003, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K announcing it had reached agreement with Dominion Energy Terminal
 Company, Inc. for the sale of Westmoreland Terminal Company's 20 interest in Dominion Terminal Associates and
 associated industrial revenue bonds. 

(5) 
 
 On May 9, 2003, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K announcing its Board of Directors authorized a dividend of 0.15 per
 depositary share payable on July 1, 2003 to holders of record as of June 10, 2003. 

(6) 
 
 On July 2, 2003, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K announcing the sale of its interest in Dominion Terminal Associates
 and associated industrial revenue bonds to Dominion Energy Terminal Company, Inc. 

(7) 
 
 On July 9, 2003, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K disclosing the pro forma effect to the change in accounting
 principle as if the Financial Accounting Standards Board "Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 143,
 Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations" had been in effect during the Company's three most recent fiscal years. 

(8) 
 
 On August 5, 2003, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K announcing its Board of Directors authorized a dividend of 0.20
 per depositary share payable on October 1, 2003 to holders of record as of September 10, 2003. 

(9) 
 
 On November 7, 2003, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K announcing its Board of Directors authorized a dividend of 0.20
 per depositary share payable on January 1, 2004 to holders of record as of December 8, 2003. 

(10) 
 
 On February 9, 2004, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K announcing its subsidiary, Northwestern Resources CO. has
 reached agreement with Texas Genco, its customer establishing pricing and volumes for the Jewett Mine through 2007. 

103 

(11) 
 
 On February 17, 2004, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K announcing its 80 owned subsidiary, Westmoreland Resources,
 Inc., which owns and operates the Absaloka Mine near Hardin, Montana, has reached agreement with the Crow Tribe to
 explore and develop a Northern Powder River Basin coal reserve located on the Crow Reservation immediately adjacent
 to the Absaloka mine. 

(12) 
 
 On February 27, 2004, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K announcing its Board of Directors authorized a dividend of
 0.20 per depositary share payable on April 1, 2004 to holder of record as of March 8, 2004. 

(13) 
 
 On March 10, 2004, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K regarding execution on March 8, 2004 of the Third Amendment to
 Term Loan Agreement dated April 22, 2001 and Third Amendment of the Credit Agreement. 

(14) 
 
 On March 11, 2004, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has reached agreement with the 1974 United Mine
 Workers of America Retirement Plan to settle the Company's withdrawal obligations resulting from the termination of
 its last covered operations in the Eastern United States in 1995. 

104 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WESTMORELAND COAL COMPANY 

Date: 
 March 12, 2004 
 By: /s/ Ronald H.
 Beck 

Ronald H.
 Beck 

Vice President of Finance and Treasurer 

(A Duly Authorized Officer) 

Date: March 12, 2004 
 By: /s/ Thomas S.
 Barta 

Thomas S. Barta 

Controller 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

Principal
Executive Officer: 

Chairman of the Board, President, and 

/s/ Christopher K.
 Seglem 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 March 12, 2004 
 
 Christopher K. Seglem 

Directors: 

/s/ Michael
 Armstrong 
 
 Director 
 
 March 12, 2004 
 
 Michael Armstrong 

/s/ Thomas J.
 Coffey 
 
 Director

March 12, 2004 
 
 Thomas J. Coffey 

/s/ Pemberton
 Hutchinson 
 
 Director

March 12, 2004 
 
 Pemberton Hutchinson 

/s/ Robert E.
 Killen 
 
 Director

March 12, 2004 
 
 Robert E. Killen 

/s/ Thomas W.
 Ostrander 
 
 Director

March 12, 2004 
 
 Thomas W. Ostrander 

/s/ James W. Sight 
 
 Director

March 12, 2004 
 
 James W. Sight 

/s/ William M. Stern

Director

March 12, 2004 
 
 William M. Stern 

/s/ Donald A. Tortorice

Director

March 12, 2004 
 
 Donald A. Tortorice 

105 

INDEPENDENT
AUDITORS REPORT 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
Westmoreland Coal Company: 

Under date of February 20,
2004, except as to Notes 5 and 9 which are as of March 8, 2004, we reported on
the consolidated balance sheets of Westmoreland Coal Company and subsidiaries as
of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the related statements of operations,
shareholders equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2003, which report appears
in the December 31, 2003, Annual Report on Form 10-K of Westmoreland Coal
Company. In connection with our audits of the aforementioned consolidated
financial statements, we also audited the related financial statement schedule
II. This financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on this
financial statement schedule based on our audits. 

 In our opinion, such
financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all
material respects, the information set forth therein. 

KPMG LLP 

Denver, Colorado 
February 20, 2004

106 

Schedule II 

 WESTMORELAND
COAL COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Valuation Accounts 
Years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 

(in thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 
 Deductions credited to earnings 
 Other Additions 
 
 Balance at end of year 

Year ended December 31, 2003: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 
 2,441 
 - 
 - 
 
 2,441 
 (A) 

Year ended December 31, 2002: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 
 2,957 
 (516) 
 - 
 
 2,441 
 (A) 

Year ended December 31, 2001: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 
 3,301 
 (446) 
 102 
 
 2,957 
 (A) 

Amounts above include
current and non-current valuation accounts. 

(A) 
 Includes reserves related to the uncollectibility of notes receivable reported as a reduction of other assets in the
 Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

107 

EXHIBIT 21 
Subsidiaries of the Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2003: 

Subsidiary Name 
 State of Incorporation 

Kentucky Criterion Coal Company 
 Delaware 

Pine Branch Mining Inc. 
 Delaware 

WEI - Fort Lupton, Inc. 
 Delaware 

WEI - Rensselaer, Inc. 
 Delaware 

WEI - Roanoke Valley, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Westmoreland Coal Sales Inc. 
 Delaware 

Westmoreland Energy, LLC 
 Delaware 

Westmoreland Resources, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Westmoreland Terminal Company 
 Delaware 

Westmoreland - Altavista, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Westmoreland - Fort Drum, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Westmoreland - Franklin, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Westmoreland - Hopewell, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Westmoreland Technical Services, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Cleancoal Terminal Co. 
 Delaware 

Criterion Coal Co. 
 Delaware 

Deane Processing Co. 
 Delaware 

Eastern Coal and Coke Co. 
 Pennsylvania 

Westmoreland Savage Corp. 
 Delaware 

Westmoreland Mining LLC 
 Delaware 

Dakota Westmoreland Corporation 
 Delaware 

Western Energy Company 
 Montana 

Northwestern Resources Co. 
 Montana 

Westmoreland Risk Management, Ltd. 
 Bermuda 

Basin Resources, Inc. 
 Colorado 

North Central Energy Company 
 Colorado 

Horizon Coal Services, Inc. 
 Montana 

Westmoreland Power, Inc. 
 Delaware 

108 

EXHIBIT 23 

 Consent of
Independent Certified Public Accountants 
 
 The Board of Directors 
Westmoreland Coal Company: 

We consent to incorporation
by reference in the registration statements (No. 2-90847, No. 33-33620, No.
333-56904, No. 333-66698 and No. 333-106852) on Form S-8 of Westmoreland Coal
Company of our report dated February 20, 2004, except as to Notes 5 and 9, which
are as of March 8, 2004, relating to the consolidated balance sheets of
Westmoreland Coal Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and
comprehensive income and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended December 31, 2003, and the report dated February 20, 2004 on the
related schedule, which reports appear in the December 31, 2003, Annual Report
on Form 10-K of Westmoreland Coal Company. 

 Our report refers to the
adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 143, Accounting
for Asset Retirement Obligations , as of January 1, 2003. 

KPMG LLP 

Denver, Colorado 
March 12, 2004 

109 

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATION 

 I, Christopher K. Seglem, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Westmoreland Coal Company; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
 material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
 made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
 of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
 designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
 its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
[Paragraph omitted in accordance with SEC transition instructions contained in SEC Release 34-47986] 

c. 
 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
 report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that
 occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the
 case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

110 

a. 
 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
 financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
 in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 12, 2004 
 /s/ Christopher K. Seglem 

Name: 
 Christopher K. Seglem 

Title: 
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATION 

 I, Ronald H. Beck, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Westmoreland Coal Company; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
 material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
 made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
 of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
 designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
 its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
[Paragraph omitted in accordance with SEC transition instructions contained in SEC Release 34-47986] 

111 

c. 
 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
 report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that
 occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the
 case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
 financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
 in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 12, 2004 
 /s/ Ronald H. Beck 

Name: 
 Ronald H. Beck 

Title: 
 Vice President-Finance and Treasurer Acting Chief Financial Officer 

112 

Exhibit 32 

 STATEMENT PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, each of the undersigned certifies that this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the period ended December 31, 2003 fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the
information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of Westmoreland Coal Company. 

Dated: March 12, 2004 
 /s/ Christopher K. Seglem 

Christopher K. Seglem 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 12, 2004 
 /s/ Ronald H. Beck 

Ronald H. Beck 

Acting Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Westmoreland Coal
Company and will be retained by Westmoreland Coal Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

113 

<EX-10>
 3
 wcc_10kex10nn.htm
 EXHIBIT 10(NN)

Exhibit 10(nn)

Exhibit 10(nn) 

 Confidential
Materials omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Asterisks denote omissions. 

Supplemental
Settlement Agreement 

 And 

 Amendment of Existing
Contracts 

 Between
Northwestern Resources Company 

 and 

 Texas Genco,
L.P. 

SUPPLEMENTAL SETTLEMENT
AGREEMENT AND AMENDMENT OF
EXISTING CONTRACTS January 30,
2004 

This agreement is made and entered into between Northwestern Resources Co. ("NWR") and Texas
Genco, L.P. ("TG"). 

 A.
RECITATIONS 

 1. TG is the owner and operator of the Limestone Electric Generating Station ("LEGS"),
and the successor to the rights and obligations of Reliant Energy, Incorporated ("REI") under Settlement
Agreement and Amendment of Existing Contracts dated August 2, 1999 ("1999 Settlement Agreement"). 

 2. Certain disputes have arisen between TG and NWR concerning the interpretation and
performance of the 1999 Settlement Agreement as reflected at least in part by the claims asserted by NWR in Cause
No. 26,565-A pending in the District Court of Limestone County, Texas, 77th Judicial District ("Limestone County
Case") and by the claims asserted by TG in Cause No. 2003-23680, originally filed in the District Court of Harris
County, Texas, 234th Judicial District ("Harris County Case"), which case was dismissed and is currently pending
on appeal to the Court of Appeals for the First Judicial District of Texas, at Houston ("Houston Appeal"). 

 3. TG and NWR have agreed to settle some of the matters in dispute between them pursuant
to the terms outlined below. 

 B. AGREEMENT 

 1. Except as expressly amended by the terms set forth herein, the 1999 Settlement
Agreement and the other agreements between the parties remain in full force and effect. 

1 

2. QUANTITY. NWR agrees to mine and sell to TG [ ] Tbtu per year for the years
2004-2007 inclusive (deemed herein as "Commitment" volumes). At NWR's discretion upon written notice to TG no
later than [ ] of each year before the year of purchase, NWR may increase or decrease its sales in 2005-2007 by
up to [ ] TBtu, non-cumulative year to year. TG waives any claimed right to reduce lignite volumes to [ ] 
based on Article D.23 of the 1999 Settlement Agreement for years 2004 through 2007 inclusive. Subject to the
force majeure provision of the Lignite Supply Agreement which are carried forward into the 1999 Settlement
Agreement, if TG fails to purchase the quantities specified in Paragraph 2 hereof, or if NWR fails to supply the
quantities of lignite specified in Paragraph 2 hereof, the parties shall have their respective legal rights to
seek damages, if any, under Texas law for breach. NWR waives and releases any rights it may have under
Section 15.2 of the Lignite Supply Agreement for additional compensation in the event of force majeure during the
period July 1, 2002 through 2007, inclusive. 

 3. RIGHTS OF FIRST REFUSAL. 

a. For the period 2004 through 2007, inclusive, NWR waives its rights of first refusal
under the 1999 Settlement Agreement for any additional fuel requirements of LEGS not supplied by NWR pursuant to
this Agreement. With the exception of petroleum coke, sales and purchases of which are governed by Article E of
this 1999 Settlement Agreement, TG may purchase, stockpile, and/or burn any fuel that LEGS may need in addition
to the quantities of lignite specified in Paragraph 2 of this Agreement. 

 b. For the period 2004 through 2007, inclusive, TG waives its rights under Article D.20
of the 1999 Settlement Agreement to substitute PRB coal for the lignite volumes specified in Paragraph 2 of this
Agreement. 

2 

4. DELIVERY SCHEDULE. The parties have already agreed upon a schedule of monthly
deliveries for 2004. The monthly delivery schedules for the years 2005 through 2007 shall be agreed between the
parties no later than [ ] of the year preceding the date of delivery. TG and NWR shall work together to develop
monthly and daily delivery schedules which will support the requirements of LEGS pursuant to the provisions of
Article D.16 of the 1999 Settlement Agreement and specifically subject to the provisions of Article D.19 of the
1999 Settlement Agreement. 
 5. QUALITY. NWR shall deliver lignite that is reasonably free of partings and extraneous
materials and that has the following quality standards: 

Calorific content: 
 Greater than or equal to [ ] Btus per
 pound, seven-day rolling average 

Sulfur
content: 
 NWR shall use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver lignite
containing less than or equal to [ ] pounds SO 2 per million Btus,
seven-day rolling average 

Ferric Oxide content: 
 NWR shall continue to use commercially
 reasonable efforts to deliver lignite
 containing ferric oxide less than or equal
 to [ ] of dry ash, based on the now
 existing sampling and analysis program 

In every instance in which
NWR is unable simultaneously to achieve the Btu standard in Paragraph D.19 of
the 1999 Settlement Agreement and the sulfur and/or ferric oxide content
standard stated above, NWR will notify TG as soon as practical so that TG and
NWR may develop a mutually acceptable solution. 

3 

6. PRICE. TG will pay NWR [ ] per million Btu for lignite delivered January 1, 2004
through December 31, 2007 ("Redetermined Price); provided that this price will be [ ] by [ ] per million Btu
for the 2007 Commitment volume of [ ] Tbtu and further provided that, in the event that the [ ] per million
Btu [ ] in 2007 for any reason (including force majeure) does not yield a [ ] totaling [ ], then [ ] will
[ ] by January 15, 2008 an amount equal to [ ] less the amount of the [ ] received on lignite sold in
2007. In no event will the [ ] per million Btu [ ] apply to any 2007 lignite volumes above [ ] Tbtu. 

7. ROYALTY CLAIMS. TG will waive any and all royalty claims on production and/or sales
and any other payments from interests in fee property, lignite leases, and lignite royalties within the Jewett
Mine during the period July 1, 2002 through December 31, 2007, inclusive. 

 8. PENDING LITIGATION. 

 a. Limestone County Case. NWR agrees to dismiss with prejudice the following claims
asserted in its Second Amended Petition in the Limestone County case: (i) the first cause of action for breach
of contract as set forth in Paragraph 29 and (ii) the claims for attorneys' fees as set forth in Paragraph 31.
NWR agrees to dismiss without prejudice the claims it has asserted in Paragraph 30 of its Second Amended Petition
in the Limestone County case, and not to assert such claims prior to January 1, 2008 or to assert any breaches or
defaults based thereon arising prior to January 1, 2004. NWR and TG jointly and mutually release each other for
all claims of breach of the 1999 Settlement Agreement relating to volumes and pricing of lignite for events
before January 1, 2004. TG agrees to dismiss with prejudice its counterclaim filed in the Limestone County
case. These dismissals will end the Limestone County litigation, and each party shall bear its own costs. 

 b. Harris County Case/Houston Appeal. TG agrees to dismiss its appeal of the dismissal
of the Harris County case, with each party to bear its own costs. 

4 

9. ARBITRATION. This Supplemental Settlement Agreement makes moot at this time any
claims between the parties that are subject to arbitration. Upon the governor of Texas signing legislation
enacting any Texas severance, production, consumption, and/or sales tax, as provided under Paragraph 10 below,
and unless the party incurring such tax notifies the other party that it will not exercise either its
renegotiation or termination options under Paragraph 10 below, either party may immediately seek to have the AAA
provide a list of arbitrators as specified in Article H of the 1999 Settlement Agreement, and the parties shall
proceed to select an arbitrator from that list as provided in Article H. If no Texas severance, production,
consumption, and/or sales taxes are enacted, as provided under Paragraph 10 hereof, the parties recognize that
arbitrable issues may arise before 2008 and that it would be desirable to appoint an arbitrator prior to 2008 to
be available to resolve those issues consistent with the provisions of Article H of the 1999 Settlement
Agreement. By January 15, 2007, the parties shall meet and confer in an effort to identify an agreed upon
arbitrator. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator by January 15, 2007, either party may
immediately seek to have the AAA provide a list of arbitrators as specified in Article H. of the 1999 Settlement
Agreement, and the parties shall proceed to select an arbitrator from that list as provided by Article H. 

Additionally,
both parties agree that the Plant Savings shall be calculated by the most up to
date plant modeling computer program; the parties recognize that at the time of
execution hereof that program is [ ], and the parties recognize that
improvements in computer models may occur between now and 2008 that warrant
using a different program; if the parties are unable to agree on which program
is appropriate, that issue shall be resolved by arbitration consistent with the
provisions of paragraph H of the 1999 Settlement Agreement. 

5 

10. TEXAS SEVERANCE, PRODUCTION, CONSUMPTION AND/OR SALES TAX. In the event that the State of
Texas adopts or increases any severance, production, consumption and/or sales tax applicable to coal and/or
lignite severance, production, consumption and/or sales consummated during the period from January 1, 2004
through December 31, 2007, then the incurring party shall have 90 days from the date of the governor's signature
on the subject legislation to exercise the option of (i) renegotiating the price and/or tonnage set forth in this
Agreement or (ii) terminating this Supplemental Settlement Agreement and all non-executed terms and conditions
hereof shall be void, except that neither party may claim reimbursement or additional compensation for sales of
lignite completed prior to the effective date of the imposition of the subject tax. Upon termination of this
Supplemental Settlement Agreement, as provided in this Paragraph 10, the price shall be established pursuant to
the terms and conditions of the 1999 Settlement Agreement, provided that the [ ] provisions of Paragraph 6
hereof shall survive termination of this Supplemental Settlement Agreement, and shall be applied to the
Redetermined Price established for 2007. Both parties shall cooperate and use reasonable commercial efforts to
minimize governmental imposition of any severance, production, consumption and/or sales tax applicable to coal
and/or lignite severance, production, consumption and/or sales consummated during the period from January 1, 2004
through December 31, 2007. 

6 

AGREED TO this 30 day of January, 2004. 

TEXAS GENCO, LP 

By: Texas Genco GP, LLC 

Its: General Partner 

By: /s/ David G. Tees 

David G. Tees 

Its: President and CEO 

NORTHWESTERN RESOURCES CO. 

By: /s/ Todd A. Myers 

Todd A. Myers 

Vice President-Sales Marketing 

7 

</EX-10>

