<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20040311_10-K_edgar_data_882095_0001104659-04-007080.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3580329</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>683451</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2598140</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-04-007080.hdr.sgml : 20040311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040311155409
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-04-007080
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20031231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GILEAD SCIENCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000882095
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				943047598
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19731
		FILM NUMBER:		04663050

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 LAKESIDE DR
		CITY:			FOSTER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6505743000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 PrxZVg5B0aDymAx1M2oCHy0B5yOSiysiVQLTxMlnoN5nznd/R5DApjVobecxPA2P
 qqZzE8fhC9XNmfKtsEspow==

 0001104659-04-007080.txt : 20040311

10-K
 1
 a04-3258_110k.htm
 10-K

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

 (Mark One) 

 x ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

 For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 

 or 

 o TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

 For
the transition period from 
to 

 Commission
File No. 0-19731 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 (State or other
 jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

94-3047598 
 (I.R.S. Employer
 Identification No.) 

333 Lakeside Drive, Foster City, California 
 (Address of
 principal executive offices) 

94404 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone
number, including area code: 650-574-3000 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF
THE ACT: NONE 

 SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 

 COMMON STOCK .001 PAR
VALUE 

 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes x No o 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of
this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. x 

 Indicate by check mark whether registrant is an
accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12B-2 of the Act). Yes x No o 

 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing price of the Common
Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market on June 30, 2003 was 9,397,600,000. 

 The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s
Common Stock on February 27, 2004 was 213,780,787. 

 DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Specified portions of
Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the Commission pursuant to
Regulation 14A in connection with the 2004 Annual Meeting are incorporated
by reference into Part III of this Report. 

Based on a closing price of 55.55 per share. Excludes
31,780,729 shares of the registrant s common stock held by executive officers,
directors and stockholders whose ownership exceeds 5 of the Common Stock
outstanding at June 30, 2003. Exclusion of such shares should not be
construed to indicate that any such person possesses the power, direct or
indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the
Registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with
the Registrant. 

GILEAD SCIENCES,
INC. 
 2003 Form 10-K Annual Report 
Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1 

Business 

1 

Item 2 

Properties 

30 

Item 3 

Legal Proceedings 

31 

Item
 4 

Submission
 of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

32 

PART II 

Item
 5 

Market
 for the Registrant s Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters 

33 

Item 6 

Selected Financial Data 

34 

Item
 7 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 35 

Item
 7A 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

49 

Item
 8 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

51 

Item
 9 

Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 51 

Item 9A 

Controls and
 Procedures 

51 

PART III 

Item
 10 

Directors
 and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

52 

Item 11 

Executive Compensation 

52 

Item
 12 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

52 

Item
 13 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions 

52 

Item 14 

Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 

52 

PART IV 

Item
 15 

Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K 

52 

SIGNATURES 

102 

We own or have rights to various trademarks,
copyrights and trade names used in our business including the following: GILEAD ,
GILEAD SCIENCES , HEPSERA , Leaf and Shield Design, Leaf and Shield Design
(b/w), Liver Design, Tablet Design (b/w), Tablet Design (color), VIREAD ,
VISTIDE , DAUNOXOME , AMBISOME , EMTRIVA . TAMIFLU is a registered trademark belonging to
Hoffmann-La Roche. This report also includes other trademarks, service marks
and trade names of other companies. 

PART I 

 ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

 Forward-Looking
Statements and Risk Factors 

 This report includes
forward-looking statements. In particular, statements about our
expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or
performance are contained or incorporated by reference in this report. We have
based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations about
future events. While we believe these expectations are reasonable, such forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are
beyond our control. Our actual results may differ materially from those
suggested by these forward-looking statements for various reasons,
including those discussed in this report under the heading Risk Factors That
Affect Gilead at page 23. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements included in this report are made only as
of the date hereof. We do not undertake and specifically decline any obligation
to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any
revisions to any of such statements to reflect future events or developments.
When used in the report, unless otherwise indicated, we, our and us 
refers to Gilead and its subsidiaries. 

 Overview 

 Gilead Sciences, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical
company that discovers, develops and commercializes therapeutics to advance the
care of patients suffering from life-threatening diseases worldwide. We have
six products that are currently marketed in the U.S., all of which are also
marketed in other countries worldwide. Our research and clinical programs are
focused on anti-infectives, including antivirals and antifungals. We endeavor
to grow our existing portfolio of products through proprietary clinical
development programs, internal discovery programs and an active product
acquisition and in-licensing strategy. 

 Our worldwide headquarters are in Foster City,
California and our European headquarters are in Paris, France. We were
incorporated in Delaware on June 22, 1987. 

 On January 23, 2003,
we completed the acquisition of all of the net assets of Triangle
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Triangle) to expand our antiviral pipeline. The
aggregate purchase price was 525.2 million, including the cash paid for the
outstanding stock, the fair value of stock options assumed, estimated direct
transaction costs and employee related costs. Approximately 488.6 million of
the purchase price was recorded to in-process research and development expense.
Triangle developed drug candidates in the antiviral area, with a particular
focus on potential therapies for HIV, including AIDS, and the hepatitis B
virus. Triangle s portfolio consisted of several drug candidates in clinical
trials, including Emtriva TM 
(emtricitabine) for the treatment of HIV infection, emtricitabine for the
treatment of chronic hepatitis B, amdoxovir for the treatment of HIV infection
and clevudine for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B. In July 2003, the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for marketing Emtriva for the
treatment of HIV and in October 2003, the European Commission granted
Marketing Authorisation for Emtriva in all fifteen member states of the
European Union. We subsequently returned the rights to amdoxovir and clevudine
to the licensors and will have no further commercial interest in these
compounds. 

 Our Products 

 Viread is approved for sale and is
sold in the U.S. by our U.S. commercial team for use in combination with other
antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV infection. Viread is also sold 

1 

internationally by our
international commercial teams, including in the European Union and Australia. 

 Emtriva is approved for sale and is
sold in the U.S. by our U.S. commercial team for use in combination with other
antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV infection in adults. Emtriva is
also sold in the European Union by our international commercial teams. We are
currently developing a fixed-dose combination of Viread and Emtriva. 

 AmBisome is approved for sale and is
sold in more than 45 countries for the treatment of life-threatening fungal
infections and in some of these countries for prevention of such infections. We
market AmBisome in the major countries of Europe and co-promote AmBisome in the
U.S. with Fujisawa Healthcare, Inc. Fujisawa ). 

 Hepsera is approved for sale and is
sold in the U.S. by our U.S. commercial team for the treatment of chronic
hepatitis B. Hepsera received marketing approval in the European Union in March 2003
and has been launched in 13 countries in the European Union. Additional
launches in the other countries in the European Union and other parts of the
world are expected to occur in 2004. 

 Tamiflu is approved for sale and is
sold by our corporate partner Hoffmann-La Roche Roche in more than 60
countries, including the U.S. and the European Union, for the prevention and
treatment of influenza, and in Japan, where it is approved for the treatment of
influenza. 

 Vistide is approved for sale and is
sold in the U.S. by our U.S. commercial team, and by Gilead s ex-U.S. partner,
Pfizer Inc. Pfizer (formerly Pharmacia Corporation), in 25 countries for
the treatment of cytomegalovirus CMV retinitis in patients with AIDS. 

 DaunoXome is approved for sale and
has been sold in more than 20 countries for the treatment of AIDS-related
Kaposi s sarcoma. It was sold in the U.S. by our U.S. commercial team and by
independent distributors abroad. In December 2003, we decided to
discontinue selling this product. 

 In 2003, we earned
revenues of 861.6 million from sales of, and royalties on, these
products. Of this amount, sales of Viread generated aggregate product sales and
royalty revenues of 566.5 million, or 65 of our total revenues, and sales of
AmBisome generated aggregate product sales and royalty revenues of
 210.9 million, or 24 of our total revenues. We earned revenues from
sales of, and royalties on, all our products in the U.S. of 439.0 million in
2003, 206.4 million in 2002 and 53.3 million in 2001. Outside of the
U.S., we earned revenues from sales of, and royalties on, all of our products
of 422.6 million in 2003, 237.9 million in 2002 and 160.7 million
in 2001. 

 Viread (tenofovir disoproxil fumarate) 

 Viread is an oral formulation of a nucleotide analogue
reverse transcriptase inhibitor, tenofovir DF, dosed once a day as part of
combination therapy to treat HIV infection in adults. The drug works by
blocking reverse transcriptase, an enzyme involved in the replication of HIV.
We sell Viread in the U.S. through our U.S. commercial team and in the major
European countries through our European commercial team. See Commercial
Operations. 

 The FDA approved Viread for marketing in the U.S. in October 2001
and the European Agency for the Evaluation
of Medicinal Products (EMEA) granted similar approval in the European
Union in February 2002. In May 2003, the EMEA expanded the indication
of Viread to include its use in antiretroviral-na ve HIV infected patients. In August 2003
the FDA similarly expanded the indication of Viread in the U.S. In the U.S.,
Viread is approved for use in combination with other antiretroviral agents for
the treatment of HIV infection. The indication is based on analyses of plasma
HIV RNA levels and CD4 cell counts in a controlled dose-ranging study of Viread
of 24 weeks duration (Study 902) and in a placebo-controlled study of Viread of
48 weeks duration (Study 907). Both studies were conducted in 

2 

treatment-experienced
adults with evidence of HIV viral replication despite ongoing antiretroviral
therapy. The expanded indication was based on 96-week results from an
on-going three-year, randomized, double-blind clinical trial (Study 903)
designed to compare the efficacy and safety of a combination treatment regimen
of Viread, lamivudine (3TC) and efavirenz to a combination treatment regimen of
stavudine (d4T), lamivudine and efavirenz in 600 antiretroviral-na ve patients
with HIV infection. In February 2004, we reported 144-week data from
this study. Data from Study 903 demonstrates that treatment-na ve patients who
received Viread experienced substantially less lipodystrophy and lower
elevations in fasting cholesterol and triglyceride levels, as well as improved
levels of limb fat and weight gain, while achieving similar reductions in HIV
viral load and increases in CD4 cell counts, compared to those who received
stavudine. The most common adverse events reported included viral infection,
diarrhea and headache, and each occurred with similar frequency in the two
study arms. The discontinuation rate was approximately 18 percent of patients
in the Viread arm and 21 percent of patients in the stavudine arm. This 144-week
data supplements the 96 and 48-week results from Study 903 that w e submitted to the FDA in support of the use of
Viread. 

 One of the major challenges in treating HIV-infected
patients is drug resistance. Because many of the existing therapies for
treating HIV infection and AIDS rely on similarly-designed drug processes,
patients who have developed resistance to one drug often develop resistance to
other drugs within the same class. We believe that Viread, where approved by
regulatory authorities, offers advantages over other approved HIV treatments
because available data have shown that few patients have developed resistance
to Viread and that Viread is effective in treating patients who have developed
resistance to other therapies. We cannot be certain, however, that the
resistance data we may obtain upon completion of our Phase 3 clinical trials
will show similar resistance characteristics to the 48-week data from
Study 907 or the data we obtained from the more limited Phase 2 clinical
trials. 

 Another major concern in HIV treatment is convenience
of dosing. While combination therapies have a positive impact, they require
HIV-infected patients to take numerous drugs. Some of these drugs require
multiple doses every day and many have timing and dietary restrictions. This
not only results in inconvenience for patients but also contributes to patients
missing doses or not adhering to therapy. Viread is approved to be administered
as a once-daily oral pill, which is a schedule that may be appealing to
HIV-infected patients and their physicians. 

 The HIV competitive landscape is
becoming more crowded and complicated as treatment trends continue to evolve. Twenty-two
branded anti-HIV drugs are currently sold in the U.S. and many others are in
advanced stages of clinical development. See Competition. 

 We have an exclusive,
worldwide license to patent rights and related technology for Viread from the
Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry (part of the Academy of
Sciences of the Czech Republic) and Rega Stichting v.z.w. (together, IOCB/REGA)
and are obligated to pay a percentage of net revenues from sales of Viread in
the U.S., the European Union, and any other countries where the product is
approved and has patent protection, to IOCB/REGA. See Academic and Consulting
Relationships IOCB/REGA. 

 Emtriva (emtricitabine) 

 Emtriva is an oral formulation of a nucleoside
analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitor, dosed once a day as part of a
combination therapy to treat HIV infection in adults. We sell Emtriva in the U.S. through our U.S. commercial team and
in the major European countries through our European commercial team. See Commercial
Operations. 

 The FDA approved Emtriva for marketing in the U.S. for the treatment of HIV in July 2003
and the European Commission granted Marketing Authorisation for Emtriva in all
fifteen member states of the European Union in October 2003. 

3 

Emtriva is an antiviral agent against HIV strains
obtained from a geographically diverse set of HIV-infected patients. Laboratory
studies have shown that Emtriva shares cross-resistance patterns with
lamivudine. The most common resistance mutation to these two agents also
reverses resistance of HIV to AZT in some cases. Four Phase 3 clinical studies
for Emtriva have been completed, one in collaboration with the Agence Nationale
de Recherches sur le Sida (ANRS) in France. One of these studies, Study FTC-301,
compared Emtriva (200 mg once-a-day) to stavudine (40 mg twice-a-day) in
combination with didanosine (400 mg once-a-day) and efavirenz (600 mg
once-a-day) in patients without previous antiretroviral therapy. In July 2002,
an independent data safety monitoring board (DSMB) established to provide
oversight of the study recommended that Emtriva be offered to all patients
enrolled in this study. The interim results evaluated by the study s DSMB
showed that the Emtriva arm was statistically superior to the stavudine arm for
primary and secondary endpoints for safety and efficacy. Eighty-seven percent
(87 of the patients in the once-a-day Emtriva arm had persistent virologic
response through six months compared to 80 for the twice-daily stavudine arm. Patients
in the Emtriva arm also had significant improvements in immunologic function. In
view of a compelling difference in favor of the Emtriva arm, the DSMB
recommended that the study be amended and all patients were given the option to
switch to open-label Emtriva or continue on blinded therapy until the last
randomized patient completed week 48 in October 2004. The final analysis
of the study confirmed the superior efficacy and safety of Emtriva compared to
stavudine in combination with didanosine and efavirenz. 

 We have an exclusive,
worldwide license to patent rights and related technology for Emtriva from
Emory University. See Academic and Consulting Relationships Emory University
and University of Georgia Research Foundation. 

 AmBisome (amphotericin B liposome for injection) 

 AmBisome is a proprietary liposomal formulation of
amphotericin B. Amphotericin B is a powerful antifungal agent that is known for
its ability to treat serious invasive fungal infections caused by various
fungal species. These infections are generally life threatening, particularly
in patients who have depressed immune systems due to aggressive chemotherapy
regimens, stem cell or organ transplant or HIV infection. Amphotericin B
treatment also has serious side effects, including kidney toxicity. Studies
show, however, that by delivering amphotericin B in our proprietary liposomal
formulation, AmBisome reduces the rate and severity of kidney toxicity and
injection-related reactions and allows these patients to receive higher
doses of amphotericin B. 

 AmBisome is approved for sale in
more than 45 countries, including the U.S., all of the European Union, most of
the rest of Europe, Australia, Canada, and several countries in the Middle
East, Latin America and Asia. In more than 20 of the countries where AmBisome
is approved, including the U.S., we are authorized to promote AmBisome for
empirical treatment of fungal infections, i.e. treatment of patients where a
strong suspicion, without definite confirmation, exists for a potentially
life-threatening invasive fungal infection. In the remaining countries where
AmBisome is approved for sale, it is approved for use either as first-line
treatment of serious invasive fungal infection or as second-line treatment after
conventional amphotericin B therapy fails or when conventional amphotericin B
cannot be tolerated. Finally, AmBisome is approved in a number of countries for
various other indications, for example, cryptococcal meningitis in AIDS
patients, prophylaxis in liver transplant patients and visceral leishmaniasis. 

 In the U.S., we co-promote AmBisome with Fujisawa
through our U.S. commercial team. Our agreement with Fujisawa entitles us to a
percentage of revenues generated from these sales and provides that Fujisawa
purchases AmBisome from us at our manufacturing cost. See Collaborative
Relationships Fujisawa. In the major European countries and in Australia, we
sell AmBisome through our international commercial teams; in certain other
countries we sell AmBisome through independent distributors. Most of our
revenues from AmBisome are in Europe, and we expect this to be the case for the
foreseeable future. 

4 

We have licensed
commercial rights for AmBisome in Japan to Sumitomo Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.
(Sumitomo) in exchange for royalties generated from those activities; however,
AmBisome is not yet approved for sale in Japan. 

 AmBisome faces strong
competition from several current competitors, and expected competitors whose
treatments are in late stage clinical trials. See Competition. Competition from these current and expected
competitors is likely to erode the revenues we receive from sales of AmBisome. 

 Hepsera adefovir
dipivoxil) 

 Hepsera is an oral formulation of a nucleotide
analogue HBV DNA polymerase inhibitor, adefovir dipivoxil, dosed once a day to
treat chronic hepatitis B. Hepatitis B is caused by the highly contagious
hepatitis B virus (HBV) and can cause acute liver failure. Some patients
develop a chronic hepatitis B infection, which over many years can lead to
complications, such as cirrhosis, liver cancer and liver failure, and in
approximately 33 of patients can result in death. According to recent
estimates from the World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease
Control, there are over 400 million people worldwide and about
1.25 million people in the U.S. who have chronic hepatitis B. There are
about one million deaths attributable to chronic hepatitis B worldwide each
year, and it is one of the ten leading causes of death worldwide. Hepsera disables
HBV by interfering with the activity of an enzyme known as HBV polymerase,
which is necessary for the virus to replicate. 

 Our applications for U.S. and European Union marketing
authorizations included data from two separate Phase 3 clinical trials designed
to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Hepsera in a 10 mg dosage for treating
patients with the hepatitis B virus. Both of our Phase 3 trials were designed
as randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies at clinical
sites in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Australia and Southeast Asia. Study 437
evaluated Hepsera for treating patients who test positive for the HBV e 
antigen, the most common type of hepatitis B in the U.S. The other trial, Study
438, evaluated Hepsera for treating patients with a type of hepatitis B known
as precore mutant hepatitis B, the most common in Southeast Asian and
Mediterranean countries. Through 48 weeks, no adefovir-associated resistance
mutations were identified in the hepatitis B patients treated in these clinical
trials, which suggests that the development of resistance to Hepsera in
hepatitis B patients may be delayed and infrequent. Consequently, we believe
that Hepsera s resistance profile could make it an important drug for treating
chronic hepatitis B. We cannot be certain, however, that the resistance data we
may obtain from the continuing Phase 3 clinical trials on Hepsera will continue
to show these resistance characteristics. 

 Hepsera is approved for sale in the U.S. for the
treatment of chronic hepatitis B in adults with evidence of active viral
replication and either evidence of persistent elevations in serum
aminotransferases (ALT or AST) or histologically active liver disease. Our U.S.
commercial team sells Hepsera in the U.S. In March 2002, we applied for
approval by the EMEA of Hepsera for treatment of chronic hepatitis B in the
European Union. Approval by the EMEA was recommended by the Committee for
Proprietary Medicinal Products (CPMP) in November 2002 and was received in
March 2003. We plan to sell Hepsera in the major European Union countries
through our European commercial team. 

 A vaccine is available that can prevent the
transmission of HBV, but it is not effective in people who already have become
chronically infected with HBV. We expect that as this vaccine becomes more
widely available, the incidence of new hepatitis B infections will decrease.
However, even with these advances in the prevention of hepatitis B, the
individuals suffering from chronic hepatitis B represent a patient pool with a
significant risk of morbidity and mortality due to their underlying chronic
viral infection. 

 Chronic hepatitis B is most common in China and
Southeast Asia. We commenced Phase 1 clinical trials in China in June 2001.
We have licensed the rights to commercialize Hepsera solely for the treatment
of hepatitis B in China, Korea, Japan, Taiwan, the rest of Asia, Latin America
and certain other territories to GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). To date, GSK has begun
selling Hepsera in Hong Kong, Singapore, the 

5 

Philippines, Indonesia and
Pakistan. In China, Hepsera was granted Class I designation which, if
Hepsera is ultimately approved for sale in China, would give GSK 12 years
of market exclusivity for Hepsera with respect to competitors who may otherwise
be able to begin clinical development of adefovir dipivoxil following such
approval. After receiving the Chinese government s approval of the Phase 1
study, we were given approval to move forward with the Phase 2/3 program, and
completed patient enrollment in March 2003. 

 Several existing therapies for treating patients who
are infected with HBV compete with Hepsera. These treatments represent
significant competition for Hepsera. See Competition. 

 We have an exclusive,
worldwide license to patent rights and related technology for adefovir
dipivoxil from IOCB/REGA, and pay a percentage of net revenues from sales of
Hepsera to IOCB/REGA in countries where the product has patent protection,
including the U.S. and the European Union. In addition, we pay a small variable
percentage of net revenues from U.S. sales of Hepsera to the M.D. Anderson
Cancer Center. See Academic and Consulting
Relationships M.D. Anderson Cancer Center. 

 Tamiflu (oseltamivir phosphate) 

 Tamiflu is an oral pill for the treatment and
prevention of influenza A and B. Tamiflu is in a class of prescription drugs
called neuraminidase inhibitors that act by disabling all common strains of the
flu virus and preventing the virus from spreading in a patient. When used as
approved for the treatment of influenza, Tamiflu has been shown to reduce the
duration of the flu in adults by an average of 30 , and to reduce the severity
of flu symptoms and the incidence of secondary infections. When taken as
approved for the prevention of influenza, studies have shown that Tamiflu is up
to 92 effective in preventing the development of the flu. 

 Tamiflu is approved in more than 60 countries,
including the U.S., Japan and the European Union for treatment of influenza in
children and adults. Tamiflu is also approved in the U.S. and the European
Union for the prevention of influenza in adolescents and adults. We developed
Tamiflu with Roche, and Roche has the exclusive right to manufacture and sell
Tamiflu, subject to its obligation to pay us a percentage of the net revenues
that Roche generates from Tamiflu sales. To
date, Roche s sales of Tamiflu have been significantly below expectations. Moreover ,
Roche has experienced problems in the manufacturing and distribution of
Tamiflu, which have reduced the net sales and our royalty. This has not had a
material effect on our revenues. See Collaborative Relationships Roche. 

 There are several products that have been available to
treat the flu for some time, but they have not been shown to be as effective or
as safe as neuraminidase inhibitors. See Competition. 

 Tamiflu is not being
marketed as an alternative to influenza vaccinations. We believe that influenza
vaccinations will remain the most effective method of preventing the flu. 

 Vistide (cidofovir injection 

 Vistide is an antiviral medication for the treatment
of CMV retinitis in patients with AIDS. CMV retinitis is a condition
characterized by lesions that form on a patient s retina that affects persons
with weakened immune systems and is most common in patients with AIDS. If left
untreated, CMV retinitis can lead to blindness. 

 Vistide is approved for sale in the U.S., the European
Union and several other countries. Demand for Vistide has been low and product
revenues are immaterial. Our U.S. commercial team sells Vistide in the U.S. Outside
the U.S., Pfizer has the exclusive right to sell Vistide. Pfizer pays us a
percentage of revenues it generates from sales of Vistide. See Collaborative
Relationships Pfizer. 

6 

The
active agent in Vistide, cidofovir, is being considered as part of the U.S.
government strategy for dealing with potential bioterrorism attacks involving
smallpox, a life-threatening and highly communicable infectious disease. In
laboratory tests, cidofovir has demonstrated activity against all 31 strains of
the virus that causes smallpox. In current clinical trials of diluted smallpox
vaccine conducted by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases,
cidofovir is being considered as a potential treatment for vaccinia infection,
an adverse reaction sometimes caused by the smallpox vaccine. Additionally, the
U.S. National Institutes of Health holds an investigational new drug
application (IND) that allows for the emergency use of cidofovir for smallpox
outbreaks without marketing approval from the FDA. We do not know what the
efficacy of cidofovir might be in such emergency use, or what side effects, if
any, may appear with the use of cidofovir for smallpox. We also cannot predict
whether the U.S. or other countries governments may stockpile Vistide for the
treatment of smallpox. 

 DaunoXome (daunorubicin citrate liposome injection) 

 DaunoXome is a liposomal formulation of the anticancer
agent daunorubicin. It is a first-line therapy for treating patients who suffer
from certain types of HIV-associated Kaposi s sarcoma, a disease characterized
by widely disseminated lesions in the skin, mucous membranes, lymph nodes and
viscera that can be life threatening for patients suffering from AIDS. 

 DaunoXome is approved for
sale in the U.S. and more than 20 other countries. We sold DaunoXome in the
U.S. and sell it abroad through independent distributors. Demand for DaunoXome
has been low and product revenues are immaterial. In December 2003, we
made the decision to discontinue selling this product. 

 Our Products in
Clinical Trials 

 Fixed-Dose Combination of Viread and Emtriva 

 We
are currently developing a fixed-dose combination of Viread and Emtriva. We
have completed a bioequivalence study, which evaluated the systemic
exposure to patients of the combination tablet in comparison with the two
individual products taken together, and are currently conducting two 48-week
trials in which Emtriva and Viread are taken together as separate pills. 

 Emtricitabine for Hepatitis B 

 Emtricitabine has been
shown to be an inhibitor of hepatitis B virus replication in patients
chronically infected with HBV. We are currently in Phase 3 clinical development
of emtricitabine for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B. Some of the
development activities undertaken with emtricitabine for the treatment of HIV
will also be used in the assessment of emtricitabine for the treatment of
chronic hepatitis B. In November 2003 we announced results from a 48-week
clinical trial comparing the efficacy and safety of emtricitabine 200 mg once a
day versus placebo in 248 patients with chronic hepatitis B (Study FTCB-301).
We believe that a second Phase 3 clinical trial will be necessary before
emtricitabine could be submitted for review to any regulatory agency. This
second Phase 3 trial has not yet been designed and the strategy for
emtricitabine for the treatment of hepatitis B is still evolving. 

 GS 7340 

 GS 7340 is a novel
nucleotide analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitor that, when processed in the
body, yields tenofovir, the active chemical yielded by Viread, selectively within
lymphatic cells. The chemical composition of GS 7340 may allow it to cross cell
membranes more easily than Viread, leading to greater potency than Viread.
Based on data from our Phase 1/2 clinical trials of GS 7340, we have begun
developing a Phase 2 program for the treatment of HIV infection which will
evaluate patients who are treatment naive and those who are highly resistant to
thymidine analogues. 

7 

Research 
Development 

 We are seeking to add to
our existing portfolio of products through our internal discovery and clinical
development programs and through an active product acquisition and in-licensing
strategy, such as our acquisition of Triangle completed in January 2003. We
have research scientists in Foster City and San Dimas, California and Durham,
North Carolina engaged in the discovery and development of new molecules and
technologies that we hope will lead to new medicines and novel formulations of
existing drugs. Our therapeutic focus is in the areas of life threatening
infectious diseases. In total, our research and development (R D) expenses
for 2003 were 164.9 million, compared with 134.8 million for 2002 and
 185.6 million for 2001. 

 Nucleotide Analogues 

 Our scientists are working with our proprietary
nucleotide analogues to develop treatments for viral infections. These
compounds treat viral infections by interfering with the activity of certain
enzymes that are necessary for the virus to grow. 

 We believe that small
molecule nucleotide analogues can offer advantages as therapeutics. First,
these molecules have demonstrated ability to work in both infected and
uninfected cells. This could enable us to develop drugs that not only treat a
patient who is infected with a virus but that can also prevent a healthy person
from becoming infected in the first place. Second, drugs developed using these
molecules have been shown to have treatment activity in a patient for longer
periods of time than other available drugs. This could enable us to develop
drugs that require less frequent dosing and are thus more convenient for
patients. 

 HIV Protease Inhibitors 

 We are evaluating a number
of small molecule compounds known as protease inhibitors for the potential
treatment of HIV infection. Protease inhibitors act by interfering with the
activity of protease, an enzyme that, like reverse transcriptase, is necessary
for replication of HIV. We have conducted a number of preclinical experiments
on these compounds and have demonstrated that they have potent antiviral
activity. Our lead candidate is GS 9005 (formerly known as GS 4338), which is
currently undergoing extensive preclinical evaluations. We submitted an
investigational new drug application to the FDA for GS 9005 in January 2004. 

 Other Antiviral Research 

 We are undertaking
additional research in the area of treatment of viral diseases. Many of these
efforts focus on potential targets in HIV for therapeutic drugs. We also have
significant research efforts aimed at hepatitis C viral infection. See Collaborative
Relationships Chiron Corporation. 

 Commercial
Operations 

 We have U.S. and international commercial sales
operations. We have marketing subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, Germany,
Italy, Spain, France, Portugal, Greece and Australia. Our commercial teams
promote and sell Viread, Emtriva, Hepsera and AmBisome in the U.S., Europe and
Australia. AmBisome is also sold by Fujisawa in the U.S. and by Sumitomo in Japan.
GSK will promote and sell Hepsera in Asia and South America. We sell Vistide in
the U.S and our commercial partner, Pfizer, sells Vistide outside of the U.S. Our
commercial partner, Roche, promotes and sells Tamiflu everywhere it is sold. Japan
Tobacco Inc. (Japan Tobacco) will promote and sell Viread and Emtriva in Japan
when approved by Japanese regulatory authorities. 

8 

Our commercial teams promote Viread, Emtriva and
Hepsera through direct field contact with physicians, hospitals, clinics and
other healthcare providers who are involved in the treatment of patients with
HIV (for Viread) or chronic hepatitis B (for Hepsera). They also promote
AmBisome to infectious disease specialists, hematologists, intensive care
units, hospitals, home health care providers and cancer specialists. 

 The European commercial team is supported by medical,
sales operations, marketing, financial, regulatory, legal affairs,
manufacturing and human resources and information technology personnel located
primarily in our European headquarters in Paris, France. The U.S. and
Australian commercial teams are supported by our worldwide headquarters in
Foster City, California. In some countries outside of the U.S., we have
agreements with third-party distributors, including distributors in
certain of the countries where we have marketing operations, to promote, sell
and distribute Viread, Emtriva, Hepsera and AmBisome. These international
distribution agreements generally provide that the distributor has the
exclusive right to sell Viread, Emtriva and AmBisome in a particular country or
several countries for a specified period of time. 

 In January 2003, we announced a program pursuant
to which we will be selling Viread at our cost to all countries in Africa and
to the 15 other countries designated Least Developed Countries by the United
Nations. We are taking steps to ensure that the Viread product sold under this
program is used to serve patients in the developing world and not diverted to
other markets. See International Distribution. 

 To support and expand the commercialization of Viread,
Hepsera and Emtriva, we have significantly increased our sales force in the
U.S. and are devoting additional marketing resources in the U.S. to improve our
coverage of healthcare professionals treating HIV-infected and HBV-infected
patients. We have also significantly increased the size of our commercial
operations in Europe to manage the commercialization of Viread, Emtriva and
Hepsera in the European Union. 

 In April 2002, we entered into a licensing
agreement with GSK, under which GSK received exclusive rights to commercialize
Hepsera in Asia, Latin America, Africa and certain other territories. Under the
agreement, we retained rights to Hepsera in the U.S., Canada, Eastern and
Western Europe, Australia, New Zealand and Turkey. GSK also received exclusive
rights to develop Hepsera solely for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B in
all other countries, the most significant of which include China, Korea, Japan
and Taiwan. GSK will have full responsibility for development and
commercialization of Hepsera in its territories. 

 In July 2003, we
entered into a licensing agreement with Japan Tobacco under which Japan Tobacco
will commercialize products in Gilead s HIV portfolio in Japan. The agreement
includes Viread, Emtriva and a future co-formulation of the two products. Japan
Tobacco has submitted an application for Viread and expects to submit an
application for Emtriva and co-formulation of the two products to Japanese
regulatory authorities this year. 

 In the U.S., Viread, Hepsera, Emtriva, Vistide and
DaunoXome are returnable in their original, unopened containers after
expiration up to one year beyond the expiration date or, if damaged when
received by the customer. Our customers may return AmBisome if the shelf life
has expired or if the product is damaged or defective when the customer
receives it. AmBisome has an approved shelf life of 36 months in the U.S.
and 30 months in most European countries. DaunoXome has a shelf life of 52
weeks in the U.S. and most European countries. Viread has a shelf life of 24
months in the U.S. and the European Union. Hepsera has a shelf life of 24
months in the U.S. and the European Union. Emtriva has a shelf life of 24
months in the U.S. and the European Union. To date, returns, rebates and
discounts have not been material to our financial results. Fujisawa establishes
the return policy for AmBisome in North America, and Roche establishes the
return policy for Tamiflu. At the end of
each flu season, there have been significant returns of Tamiflu to Roche, which
reduce the net sales on which our royalty from Roche is based. 

9 

Additionally, certain
governmental agency customers and state AIDS drug assistance programs are
entitled to or receive discounts, and we are required to provide rebates under
state Medicaid programs. We believe that we provide adequate provisions for
these discounts and rebates in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. 

 Collaborative
Relationships 

 As part of our business
strategy, we establish collaborations with other companies to assist in the
clinical development and/or commercialization of certain of our products and
product candidates and to provide support for our research programs. We also
evaluate opportunities for acquiring from other companies products or rights to
products and technologies that are complementary to our business. The
accounting for each of these relationships can be found in Note 10 to our
consolidated financial statements included in this report. Our existing
collaborative relationships are as follows: 

 Archemix Corporation 

 In October 2001, we
entered into an agreement with Archemix Corporation (Archemix). Under this
agreement we granted Archemix an exclusive sublicense to the SELEX technology
to identify aptamers, subject to the exclusion of all development areas as to
which rights have not already been granted or forfeited. Our rights to the
SELEX technology derive from a license to us from University License Equity
Holdings, Inc., ULEHI ), the successor to University Technology
Corporation and its predecessor University Research Corporation. The financial
terms of the agreement with Archemix provide for lump sum payments to us
totaling 17.5 million. Archemix has now made these payments. We also received
warrants to purchase Archemix stock under the agreement. As required by our
agreements with ULEHI, we shared a portion of the cash payments with, and
transferred the warrants to ULEHI. See Academic and Consulting Relationships University
License Equity Holdings, Inc. 

 Chiron Corporation 

 In August 2003,
we entered into a non-exclusive licensing agreement with Chiron
Corporation (Chiron) for the research, development and commercialization of
small molecule therapeutics against selected hepatitis C virus (HCV) drug
targets. Under the agreement, we received non-exclusive rights to Chiron s HCV
technology for drug screening purposes. We expect this technology to assist us
in our research and discovery effort to identify and develop potential HCV
therapies. Under the terms of the agreement, we paid Chiron an up-front license
fee and agreed to make milestone payments and royalty payments if a product is
developed using the licensed technology. 

 EyeTech Pharmaceuticals 

 In March 2000, we
entered into an agreement with EyeTech Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EyeTech)
relating to a product named Macugen that it has developed for the treatment of
age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and diabetic macular edema (DME). We
invented the compound upon which Macugen is based, NX 1838, using SELEX technology
licensed to us from ULEHI. See Academic
and Consulting Relationships University License Equity Holdings, Inc. We then licensed NX 1838 to EyeTech who
further developed it into Macugen. Under its license from us, EyeTech is
required to pay us fees and milestone payments, as well as a percentage of any
revenue they generate from worldwide sales
of Macugen. In addition, EyeTech granted us warrants to purchase EyeTech
preferred stock. Our agreement with EyeTech expires upon the later of
ten years after first commercial sale of any product developed, or the
date the last patent expires under the agreement. EyeTech granted Pfizer a
sublicense relating to Macugen in December 2002. In December 2002, in
connection with this sublicense, we entered into a license with Pfizer on the
same terms as contained in our agreement with EyeTech. In December 2003,
we also entered into an agreement with EyeTech to supply Macugen to EyeTech for
three years. 

10 

Fujisawa 

 In 1991, we entered into
an agreement granting Fujisawa the exclusive right to promote and sell AmBisome
in Canada and the primary responsibility to promote and sell AmBisome in the
U.S. with Gilead as a co-promoter. Fujisawa pays us approximately 17 of
Fujisawa s net revenues from sales of AmBisome in the U.S. We reserved the
right to promote and sell AmBisome in the rest of the world, and pay Fujisawa
4 of our net revenues for AmBisome sales in significant Asian markets,
including Japan, Korea, Taiwan, China and India. We manufacture all AmBisome
that is sold worldwide. We sell AmBisome to Fujisawa for sale in the U.S. at a
price equal to our cost to manufacture the product, and for sale in Canada at a
price equal to our cost to manufacture the product, plus a specified percentage.
Our agreement with Fujisawa terminates when the last patent covering AmBisome
in the U.S. or Japan expires. 

 GlaxoSmithKline 

 In April 2002, we
entered into a licensing agreement with GSK giving it exclusive rights to
commercialize Hepsera solely for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B in Asia,
Latin America and certain other territories. In addition to fees, milestone
payments and other contract revenues, GSK is required to pay us a percentage of
any revenue they generate from sales of Hepsera in the licensed territories.
Under our agreement with GSK, we have entered into a clinical and commercial
supply agreement with GSK under which we are required to supply them with their
clinical and commercial requirements at our fully burdened cost to do so,
subject to reasonable forecasting and ordering procedures. Our agreement with
GSK expires on an individual country basis the later of patent expiration or
ten years from first commercial sale in the particular country. In addition,
GSK has the right to electively terminate the agreement on 12 months notice to
Gilead, subject to a fee for elective termination under some circumstances
early during the term of the agreement. 

 Japan Tobacco 

 In July 2003,
we entered into a licensing agreement with Japan Tobacco under which Japan
Tobacco obtained the rights to commercialize products in Gilead s HIV portfolio
in Japan. The agreement includes Viread, Emtriva and a future co-formulation of
the two products. We received an up-front fee and are entitled to receive
milestone payments. Japan Tobacco also is required to make payments to us based
on product sales in Japan. Japan Tobacco has submitted an application for
Viread and expects to submit an application for Emtriva and a co-formulation of
the two products to Japanese regulatory authorities this year. As contemplated
by the license agreement, in December 2003 we completed a supply agreement
with Japan Tobacco under which we will supply Japan Tobacco with Viread and
Emtriva and a future co-formulation of the two products. 

 OSI Pharmaceuticals 

 In December 2001, we
sold to OSI Pharmaceuticals (OSI) our pipeline of clinical stage oncology
products and related intellectual property, as well as our Boulder, Colorado
operations. In consideration for the assets, we received from OSI 130.0
million in cash and 924,984 shares of OSI common stock. Additionally, OSI is
required to pay us up to an additional 30.0 million in either cash or a
combination of cash and OSI common stock upon the achievement by OSI of certain
milestones related to the development of NX 211, the most advanced of the
oncology product candidates. Separately, under a manufacturing agreement with
OSI, we have agreed to produce for OSI liposomal formulations of two products,
including NX 211, at our manufacturing facility in San Dimas, California. 

11 

Pfizer 

 In 1996, we entered into
an agreement with Pfizer (formerly Pharmacia Corporation) relating to Vistide.
Under this agreement, Pfizer has the exclusive right to market and sell Vistide
in all countries outside of the U.S., subject to payment to us of a percentage
of net revenues. We are required to sell Pfizer bulk Vistide and to maintain
the Vistide patents. Our agreement with Pfizer expires on an individual country
basis upon patent expiration or ten years from first commercial sale in
countries where the product is not covered by a patent. In addition, Pfizer may
terminate the agreement as a whole upon six months notice or upon notice
on an individual country basis, three months before applying for marketing
approval of a competitive product. 

 Roche 

 In 1996, we entered into a
collaboration agreement with Roche granting Roche exclusive worldwide rights to
Tamiflu, as well as other proprietary influenza neuraminidase inhibitors. As of
December 31, 2003, we have received license fees and milestone payments
from Roche totaling 48.7 million relating to the execution of this
agreement and to regulatory filings and approvals for Tamiflu. Roche also
funded all of the research and development costs for Tamiflu, including
reimbursement to us of 28.1 million for the period from January 1,
1997 through December 31, 2001. Under the agreement, Roche is responsible
for pricing, manufacturing, promoting and selling Tamiflu on a worldwide basis
and pays us a percentage of its net revenues from sales of Tamiflu, subject to
reduction for certain defined manufacturing costs. Our agreement with Roche
terminates on an individual country basis on the later of patent expiration or
ten years from first commercial sale in the particular country. In addition,
Roche has the right to terminate the agreement in its entirety or an individual
country basis prior to expiration at any time upon 12 months notice. 

 Sumitomo 

 In 1996, we entered into
an agreement with Sumitomo that gave Sumitomo the exclusive right to develop
and market AmBisome in Japan. In addition to milestone payments, Sumitomo is
required to pay us a percentage of any revenue they generate from Japanese
sales of AmBisome. If AmBisome is approved for sale in Japan, we would
manufacture AmBisome for sale by Sumitomo in Japan. The price that we would
charge Sumitomo for the supply of AmBisome and the percentage of revenues that
they would be required to pay to us would be determined by the price of
AmBisome in Japan. Our agreement with Sumitomo terminates on the later of patent
expiration in Japan or ten years from first commercial sale in Japan. 

 Academic and
Consulting Relationships 

 To supplement our research
and development efforts, as part of our regular business we enter into
arrangements with universities and medical research institutions. These
arrangements often provide us with rights to patents, patent applications and
technology owned by these institutions in return for payments and fees relating
to our use of these rights. 

 Emory University and University of Georgia Research
Foundation, Inc. 

 Emtricitabine. In
April 1996, Triangle obtained, and we acquired as part of our acquisition
of Triangle, an exclusive worldwide license to all of Emory University s rights
to purified forms of emtricitabine for use in the HIV and the hepatitis B
fields. We are obligated to make certain milestone and royalty payments to
Emory, including annual minimum royalties beginning the third year after the
first FDA registration is granted for an anti-HIV product incorporating the
emtricitabine technology in the U.S. and the third year after the first
registration is granted for an anti-hepatitis B product incorporating the
emtricitabine technology in certain major market countries, for the HIV and
hepatitis B indications, 

12 

respectively. In 2002, Triangle
began paying license maintenance fees because development milestones had not
yet been achieved. 

 In May 1999, Emory and GSK settled their
litigation pending in the United States District Court relating to
emtricitabine, and we became the exclusive licensee of all U.S. and foreign
patents and patent applications filed by Burroughs Wellcome Co. on the use of
emtricitabine to treat hepatitis B. Under the license and settlement
agreements, we and Emory were also given access to development and clinical data
and drug substance held by GSK relating to emtricitabine. 

 In May 2002, Emory, GSK and Shire Pharmaceuticals
Group, plc (Shire) settled worldwide patent disputes involving lamivudine and
emtricitabine. Under the terms of the settlement, Emory received an exclusive
license from Shire under Shire s patents relating to emtricitabine and methods
for its use and manufacture and Shire and GSK received exclusive licenses under
Emory s patents relating to lamivudine. Under the terms of our license
agreement with Emory, we automatically acquired an exclusive sublicense to the
Shire patents relating to emtricitabine granted under the terms of the
settlement, thereby resolving all previously pending patent disputes regarding
emtricitabine. 

 The license agreement with Emory terminates upon the
later of patent expiration or the expiration of our obligation to pay royalties.
In addition, we have the right to terminate the agreement in its entirety or
with respect to one or both indications (HIV and HBV) in one or more countries
prior to expiration at any time upon 90 days notice. 

 Amdoxovir. In
March 1996, Triangle entered into, and we acquired as part of our
acquisition of Triangle, a license agreement with Emory and the University of
Georgia Research Foundation, Inc. (UGRF) pursuant to which we received an
exclusive worldwide license to all of Emory s and UGRF s rights to a series of
nucleoside analogues including amdoxovir and DXG (i.e., the active anti-HIV
agent) for use in the HIV and hepatitis B fields. In March 1999, Triangle
began paying license maintenance fees because development milestones had not
yet been achieved. In January 2004, we announced our intent to terminate
the license agreement for amdoxovir. 

 M.D. Anderson Cancer Center 

 In 1994, we entered into
an agreement with the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center relating to Hepsera. Under
this agreement, we currently pay M.D. Anderson Cancer Center a percentage of
net revenues based upon sales of Hepsera. The agreement with M.D. Anderson
Cancer Center terminates the later of patent expiration or ten years from
first commercial sale. 

 IOCB/REGA 

 In 1991 and 1992, we
entered into agreements with IOCB/REGA relating to Viread, Hepsera and Vistide.
Under these agreements, we received from IOCB/REGA the exclusive right to
manufacture, use and sell the nucleotide compounds covered by these agreements.
We currently pay a percentage of net revenues based upon sales of Viread,
Hepsera and Vistide to IOCB/REGA. The agreements with IOCB/REGA terminate on an
individual country basis the later of patent expiration or ten years from
first commercial sale. In addition, IOCB/REGA may terminate the licenses for a
particular product in a key market in the absence of commercial sales of that
product within 12 months after regulatory approval. 

 University License Equity Holdings, Inc. 

 We have an ongoing
collaborative arrangement with University License Equity Holdings, Inc., ULEHI ),
the successor to University Technology Corporation and its predecessor
University Research Corporation, a technology holding company for the
University of Colorado at Boulder, relating to its SELEX technology to identify
aptamers. Under this arrangement, ULEHI has granted us all of its present 

13 

and
future rights to inventions covered by patents and patent applications for
SELEX technology, improvements to SELEX technology it makes or discovers,
oligonucleotides or other molecules it makes using SELEX technology and
computer software related to SELEX technology. We are required to pay ULEHI
certain variable royalties based on revenues generated from sales of products
derived using the SELEX technology. 

 Developing World
Collaborations 

 The Bill Melinda Gates Foundation 
Family Health International 

 In October 2002, we
entered into an agreement with the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation and
Family Health International (FHI) to provide Viread for FHI s multinational
clinical trial evaluating Viread s effectiveness as a method of reducing the
risk of HIV infection among sexually active adults who are regularly exposed to
HIV. The clinical trials, to be conducted by FHI, are funded by a 6.5 million,
three-year grant from the Gates Foundation. 

 The DART Study 

 In November 2002, we
entered into a collaborative agreement with the Medical Research Council (MRC)
of the United Kingdom, Boehringer Ingelheim GmBH, and GSK in connection with a
five-year clinical study conducted by the MRC on antiretroviral HIV therapy in
Africa. The trial is called the DART Trial D evelopment of A nti R etroviral
 T herapy in Africa) and is aimed at studying clinical versus laboratory
monitoring practices, and structured treatment interruptions versus continuous
antiretroviral therapy in adults with HIV infection in sub-Saharan Africa. We
will provide Viread at no cost for the DART study. 

 The Institute for One World Health 

 In January 2003, we
entered into an agreement with the Institute for One World Health, pursuant to
which we will provide AmBisome at our cost for a Phase 3 clinical trial
evaluating AmBisome for the treatment of visceral leishmaniasis with paromomycin
in India, which has the greatest global burden of visceral leishmaniasis. The
clinical trial will be conducted by the Institute for One World Health in
partnership with the World Health Organization. 

 International
Distribution 

 We have various agreements
with distributors in Europe, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa
that grant these distributors the exclusive right to sell Viread, Emtriva,
Hepsera and AmBisome in a particular country or countries for a specified
period of time. Most of these agreements also provide for collaborative efforts
between us and the distributor for obtaining regulatory approval for the
product in the particular country and for marketing the product in the country.
Most of these agreements establish a price that the distributor must pay for
our product and require us to deliver quantities of the product ordered by the
distributor. 

 Manufacturing 

 AmBisome 

 We manufacture AmBisome in commercial quantities in
two separate but adjacent facilities in San Dimas, California. The Medicines
Control Agency of the United Kingdom and the FDA have approved the commercial
production of AmBisome in the facility in which it is produced. To import
AmBisome into the European Union, we own a manufacturing facility in Dublin,
Ireland where we perform quality control testing, final labeling, packaging and
distribution for the European Union and elsewhere. We have discontinued
manufacturing DaunoXome. 

14 

We use commercially available materials and equipment
to manufacture these products. Currently, we obtain the amphotericin B and the
cholesterol that we use to manufacture AmBisome from single approved suppliers.

AmBisome is sold as a
freeze-dried product. We currently freeze-dry AmBisome at our San Dimas
manufacturing facility and also use a third party to freeze-dry additional
product as needed. Given our current projections for AmBisome demand, we
believe we have sufficient capacity to meet future demand. We also have the
option of installing additional freeze-drying capacity in San Dimas should such
additional supply become necessary. If we were unable to install additional
freeze-drying capacity in San Dimas or locate appropriate third parties to meet
this need, our ability to meet increased AmBisome demand would be diminished. 

 Antiviral Products 

 We contract with third parties to manufacture our
antiviral drugs for clinical and commercial purposes, including Viread,
Emtriva, Hepsera and Vistide. 

 We manufacture Viread tablets
through a single contract manufacturer for the U.S. and the European Union and
for sales and distribution in other territories. In addition, we have a second
contract manufacturer in Europe for European Union distributed product. All
have been approved by their respective agencies. 

 We have obtained qualification in the U.S. and
European Union for two contract manufacturers for adefovir dipivoxil, the
active ingredient in Hepsera. We have one contract manufacturer for the final
Hepsera drug product for commercial supply and are seeking to qualify a second
supplier. 

 We entered into an agreement with Abbott Laboratories
(Abbott) to manufacture emtricitabine bulk drug substance and final drug
product for us. We have qualified a second contract manufacturer for bulk drug
substance in both the U.S. and the European Union. 

 We have two suppliers that have been approved by the
FDA and the European Union to manufacture cidofovir bulk drug substance, which
is used in Vistide. We have a single FDA and EMEA approved supplier for Vistide
drug product. 

 In January 2002, Roche announced that, due to
production problems, the liquid suspension form of Tamiflu approved for
treatment of children as young as one year-old was not available; however, the
liquid suspension form of Tamiflu was returned to market in time for the
2002-2003 flu season. These production issues did not affect availability of
the tablet form of Tamiflu for adults and adolescents 13 years and older. In
Japan, where the 2002-2003 flu season was particularly severe, Roche s
sublicensee, Chugai Corporation, was unable to meet the heightened demand
satisfactorily. In January 2003, Chugai issued a press release attributing
this failure, in part, to manufacturing problems. In November 2003, Chugai
announced a recall of Tamiflu. These problems in Japan have reduced the net
sales and royalty from Roche. While royalties from Roche for Tamiflu have been
below our expectations, to date, these production and commercialization issues
have not had a material effect on our earnings, and we do not expect them to
have a material effect on our earnings in the future. 

 We have no commercial-scale manufacturing
facilities for our antiviral products. For our future antiviral products, we
will need to develop additional manufacturing capabilities and establish
additional third party suppliers in order to manufacture sufficient quantities
of our product candidates to undertake clinical trials and to manufacture
sufficient quantities of any products that are approved for commercial sale. If
we are unable to develop manufacturing capabilities internally or contract for
large scale manufacturing with third parties on acceptable terms for our future
antiviral products, our ability to conduct large-scale clinical trials
and meet customer demand for commercial products would be adversely affected. 

15 

We believe that the technology we use to manufacture
our products and compounds is proprietary. For our antiviral products, we have
disclosed all necessary aspects of this technology to contract manufacturers to
enable them to manufacture the products and compounds for us. We have
agreements with these manufacturers that are intended to restrict them from
using or revealing this technology, but we cannot be certain that these manufacturers
will comply with these restrictions. In addition, these manufacturers could
develop their own technology related to the work they perform for us that we
may need to manufacture our products or compounds. We could be required to
enter into an agreement with that manufacturer if we wanted to use that
technology ourselves or allow another manufacturer to use that technology. The
manufacturer could refuse to allow us to use their technology or could demand
terms to use their technology that are not acceptable. 

 We believe that we are in
compliance with all material environmental regulations related to the
manufacture of our products. 

 Patents and
Proprietary Rights 

 Patents and other proprietary rights are very
important to our business. If we have a properly designed and enforceable
patent it can be more difficult for our competitors to use our technology to
create competitive products and more difficult for our competitors to obtain a
patent that prevents us from using technology we create. As part of our
business strategy, we actively seek patent protection both in the U.S. and
internationally and file additional patent applications, when appropriate, to
cover improvements in our compounds, products and technology. We also rely on
trade secrets, internal know-how, technological innovations and agreements with
third parties to develop, maintain and protect our competitive position. Our
ability to be competitive will depend on the success of this strategy. 

 We
have a number of patents, patent applications and rights to patents related to
our compounds, products and technology, but we cannot be certain that issued
patents will be enforceable or provide adequate protection or that pending
patent applications will result in issued patents. The following table shows
the actual or estimated expiration dates in the U.S. and Europe for the primary
patents and for patents that may issue under pending applications that cover
the compounds in our marketed products and our product candidates: 

U.S. Patent Expiration 

European Patent Expiration 

Products 

Viread 

2017 

2018 

Hepsera 

2014 

2011 

AmBisome 

2016 

2008 

Tamiflu 

2016 

2016 

Vistide 

2010 

2012 

Emtriva 

2021 

2011 

Patents covering Viread, Hepsera, Vistide and Emtriva
are held by third parties. We acquired exclusive rights to these patents in the
agreements we have with these parties. See Collaborative Relationships and Academic
and Consulting Relationships. Patents do not cover the active ingredients in
AmBisome. Instead, we hold patents to the liposomal formulations of this
compound and also protect formulations through trade secrets. We do not have
patent filings covering all forms of Hepsera in China or in certain other Asian
countries, although we do have applications pending in various Asian countries,
including China, that relate to specific forms and formulations of Hepsera.
Asia is a major market for HBV therapies. 

 We may obtain patents for our compounds
many years before we obtain marketing approval for them. This limits the
time that we can prevent other companies from developing these compounds and
therefore 

16 

reduces the value of the
product. However, we can apply for patent term extensions. For example,
extensions for the patents on Vistide have been granted in the U.S. and a
number of European countries, compensating in part for delays in obtaining
marketing approval. Similar patent term extensions may be available for other
products that we are developing, but we cannot be certain we will obtain them. 

 It is also very important that we do not infringe
patents or proprietary rights of others and that we do not violate the
agreements that grant proprietary rights to us. If we do infringe patents or
violate these agreements, we could be prevented from developing or selling
products or from using the processes covered by those patents or agreements, or
we could be required to obtain a license from the third party allowing us to
use their technology. We cannot be certain that, if required, we could obtain a
license to any third-party technology or that we could obtain one at a
reasonable cost. If we were not able to obtain a required license, we could be
adversely affected. Because patent applications are confidential for at least
some period of time, including sometimes in the U.S. until a patent issues,
there may be pending patent applications from which patents will eventually
issue and prevent us from developing or selling certain products unless we can
obtain a license to use the patented technology. 

 Patents relating to pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical
and biotechnology products, compounds and processes such as those that cover
our existing compounds, products and processes and those that we will likely
file in the future, do not always provide complete or adequate protection.
Future litigation or reexamination proceedings regarding the enforcement or
validity of our existing patents or any future patents could invalidate our
patents or substantially reduce their protection. In addition, our pending
patent applications and patent applications filed by our collaborative partners
may not result in the issuance of any patents or may result in patents that do
not provide adequate protection. As a result, we may not be able to prevent
third parties from developing the same compounds and products that we are
developing. 

 We also rely on unpatented
trade secrets and improvements, unpatented internal know-how and technological
innovation. In particular, a great deal of our liposomal manufacturing
expertise, which is a key component of our liposomal technology, is not covered
by patents but is instead protected as a trade secret. We protect these rights
mainly through confidentiality agreements with our corporate partners,
employees, consultants and vendors. These agreements provide that all
confidential information developed or made known to an individual during the
course of their relationship with us will be kept confidential and will not be
used or disclosed to third parties except in specified circumstances. In the
case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions made by the
individual while employed by us will be our exclusive property. We cannot be
certain that these parties will comply with these confidentiality agreements,
that we would have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets
will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our
competitors. Under some of our research and development agreements, inventions
discovered in certain cases become jointly owned by us and our corporate
partner and in other cases become the exclusive property of one of us. It can
be difficult to determine who owns a particular invention, and disputes could
arise regarding those inventions. 

 Competition 

 Our products and
development programs target a number of diseases and conditions, including
viral and fungal infections. There are many commercially available products for
these diseases, and a large number of companies and institutions are spending
considerable amounts of money and other resources to develop additional
products to treat these diseases. Our current products compete with other
available products based primarily on: 

 efficacy; 

 safety; 

17 

tolerability; 

 acceptance by doctors; 

 patient compliance; 

 patent protection; 

 ease of use; 

 price; 

 insurance and other
reimbursement coverage; 

 distribution; 

 marketing; and 

 adaptability to various
modes of dosing. 

 Any other products we market in the future will also
compete with products offered by our competitors. If our competitors introduce
data that shows improved characteristics of their products, improve or increase
their marketing efforts or simply lower the price of their products, sales of
our products could decrease. We also cannot be certain that any products we may
develop in the future will compare favorably to products offered by our
competitors or that our existing or future products will compare favorably to
any new products that are developed by our competitors. Our ability to be
competitive also depends upon our ability to attract and retain qualified
personnel, to obtain patent protection or otherwise develop proprietary
products or processes and to secure sufficient capital resources for the
substantial period that it takes to develop a product. 

 Viread
and Emtriva. The HIV competitive landscape is becoming more crowded and complicated as
treatment trends continue to evolve. A growing number of anti-HIV drugs are
currently sold or are in advance stages of clinical development. Of the 22
branded drugs available in the U.S., Zerit (stavudine, d4T) sold by
Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS) and the fixed combination products, Combivir (AZT
and 3TC) and Trizivir (AZT, 3TC, ABC), both sold by GSK, represent the most
direct competition for Viread. These companies are in the process of launching
formulations of existing drugs now indicated by the FDA for once-daily oral
dosing. These include GSK s 300 mg dose of Epivir (3TC) and BMS s new extended
release formulation of Zerit. Other recently approved antiretroviral products
include atazanivir (QD protease inhibitor from BMS) and Fuzeon (injectable
integrase inhibitor from Roche/Trimeris). GSK has filed an application for
approval of a once-daily dose of Ziagen (abacavir), as well as a new fixed dose
combination of Ziagen and Epivir. Other companies competing in the HIV
therapeutic category are Pfizer, Merck, Boehringer-Ingelheim and Abbott. 

 AmBisome. AmBisome
faces strong competition from several current and expected competitors. Current
competitors include: 

 conventional amphotericin
B, made by BMS and numerous generic manufacturers; 

 caspofungin, a product
developed by Merck, which is marketed as Cancidas in the U.S. and as
Caspofungin elsewhere; 

 voriconazole, developed by
Pfizer, which is marketed as Vfend; and 

 other lipid-based
amphotericin B products approved in the U.S. and throughout Europe, including
Abelcet, sold by Enzon Corp. in the U.S., Canada and Japan and by Medeus Pharma Ltd. in Europe, and
Amphotec, sold by InterMune Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

18 

Presently unapproved but
expected competitors include a class of treatments called echinocandins , including Fujisawa s micafungin, which
received marketing approval in Japan in October 2002 and is under review
for regulatory approval in the U.S. and Canada, and anidulafungin, a Vircuron, Inc. (formerly Versicor, Inc.)
product candidate, which is being evaluated in multiple late-stage clinical
trials. Finally, Schering Plough is developing Noxafil (posaconazole), which is
currently in Phase 3 trials.Competition
from these current and expected competitors has eroded and is likely to
continue to erode the revenues we receive from sales of AmBisome. 

 Hepsera. Hepsera faces
significant competition from existing therapies for treating patients who are
infected with HBV. Most significantly: 

 Epivir-HBV
(lamivudine) was developed by GSK in collaboration with Shire Pharmaceuticals,
and is sold in all major countries throughout North and South America, Europe,
and Asia. It is an orally administered nucleoside analogue that inhibits HBV
DNA polymerase. 

 Intron-A
(interferon alfa-2b) is sold by Schering Plough in major countries throughout
North and South America, Europe, and Asia. Intron-A is an injectable drug with
immunomodulatory effects. 

 Hepsera may also face competition from clinical-stage
candidates, including Bristol-Myers Squibb s entecavir and Idenix s LdT, two
oral nucleoside analogues currently in Phase 3 trials. Other competition will
include Roche s Pegasys (pegylated interferon alfa-2a), which is currently
being studied for chronic hepatitis B. 

 Tamiflu. Tamiflu
competes with Relenza, an anti-flu drug that is sold by GSK. Relenza is a
neuraminidase inhibitor that is delivered as an orally-inhaled dry
powder. 

 Vistide. Vistidecompetes with a number of drugs that also treat CMV
retinitis, including ganciclovir, sold in intravenous and oral formulations by
Roche and as an ocular implant by Bausch Lomb Incorporated;
valganciclovir, also marketed by Roche; foscarnet, an intravenous drug sold by
AstraZeneca; and, formivirsen, a drug injected directly into the eye sold by
CibaVision. 

 A number of companies are pursuing the development of
technologies competitive with our research programs. These competing companies
include specialized pharmaceutical firms and large pharmaceutical companies
acting either independently or together with biopharmaceutical companies.
Furthermore, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and
private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection and may
establish collaborative arrangements for competitive products and programs. 

 We anticipate that we will
face increased competition in the future as our competitors introduce new
products to the market and new technologies become available. We cannot
determine if existing products or new products that our competitors develop
will be more effective or more effectively marketed and sold than any that we develop.
Competitive products could render our technology and products obsolete or
noncompetitive before we recover the money and resources we used to develop
these products. 

 Government
Regulation 

 Our operations and activities are subject to extensive
regulation by numerous government authorities in the U.S. and other countries.
In the U.S., drugs are subject to rigorous FDA regulation. The Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act and other federal and state statutes and regulations
govern the testing, manufacture, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage,
record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion of our products. As a
result of these regulations, product development and the product approval
process is very expensive and time consuming. 

 The FDA must approve a
drug before it can be sold in the U.S. The general process for this approval is
as follows: 

19 

Preclinical Testing 

 Before we can test a drug
candidate in humans, we must study the drug in laboratory experiments and in
animals to generate data to support the drug s potential safety and benefits.
We submit this data to the FDA in an investigational new drug application (IND)
seeking their approval to test the compound in humans. 

 Clinical Trials 

 If the FDA accepts
the investigational new drug application, we study the drug in human clinical
trials to determine if the drug is safe and effective. These clinical trials
involve three separate phases that often overlap, can take many years and are
very expensive. These three phases, which are themselves subject to
considerable regulation, are as follows: 

 Phase
1. The drug is given to a small number of healthy human subjects or
patients to test for safety, dose tolerance, pharmacokinetics, metabolism,
distribution and excretion. 

 Phase
2. The drug is given to a limited patient population to determine the
effect of the drug in treating the disease, the best dose of the drug, and the
possible side effects and safety risks of the drug. 

 Phase 3. If a
compound appears to be effective and safe in Phase 2 clinical trials, Phase 3
clinical trials are commenced to confirm those results. Phase 3 clinical trials
are long-term, involve a significantly larger population, are conducted at
numerous sites in different geographic regions and are carefully designed to
provide reliable and conclusive data regarding the safety and benefits of a
drug. It is not uncommon for a drug that appears promising in Phase 2 clinical
trials to fail in the more rigorous and reliable Phase 3 clinical trials. 

 FDA Approval Process 

 If we believe that the data from the Phase 3 clinical
trials show an adequate level of safety and effectiveness, we will file a
new drug application (NDA) with the FDA seeking approval to sell the drug for a
particular use. The FDA will review the NDA and often will hold a public
hearing where an independent advisory committee of expert advisors asks
additional questions regarding the drug. This committee makes a recommendation
to the FDA that is not binding on the FDA but is generally followed by the FDA.
If the FDA agrees that the compound has a required level of safety and
effectiveness for a particular use, it will allow us to sell the drug in the
U.S. for that use. It is not unusual, however, for the FDA to reject an
application because it believes that the drug is not safe enough or effective
enough or because it does not believe that the data submitted is reliable or
conclusive. 

 At any point in this process, the development of a
drug could be stopped for a number of reasons including safety concerns and
lack of treatment benefit. We cannot be certain that any clinical trials that
we are conducting, or any that we conduct in the future, will be completed
successfully or within any specified time period. We may choose, or the FDA may
require us to delay or suspend our clinical trials at any time if it appears
that the patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or if the
drug candidate does not appear to have sufficient treatment benefit. 

 The FDA may also require us to complete additional
testing, provide additional data or information, improve our manufacturing
processes, procedures or facilities or require extensive post-marketing testing
and surveillance to monitor the safety or benefits of our product candidates if
they determine that our new drug application does not contain adequate evidence
of the safety and benefits of the drug. In addition, even if the FDA approves a
drug, it could limit the uses of the drug. Approvals can also be withdrawn if
the FDA does not believe that we are complying with regulatory standards or if
problems are uncovered or occur after approval. 

20 

In addition to obtaining FDA approval for each drug,
the manufacturing facilities for any drug we sell, including those of companies
who manufacture our drugs for us as well as our own, must be approved by the
FDA and are subject to periodic inspections by the FDA. Foreign establishments
that manufacture products to be sold in the U.S. must also be approved by the
FDA and are subject to periodic regulatory inspection. Manufacturing facilities
located in California, including our San Dimas facility and Foster City
facility, also must be licensed by the State of California in compliance with
local regulatory requirements. 

 Drugs that treat serious or life-threatening diseases
and conditions that are not adequately addressed by existing drugs may be
designated as fast track products by the FDA and may be eligible for priority
six month review and accelerated approval, as was the case for Viread. Drugs
receiving accelerated approval must be monitored in post-marketing clinical
trials in order to confirm the safety and benefits of the drug. 

 We are also subject to other federal, state and local
regulations regarding workplace safety and protection of the environment. We
use hazardous materials, chemicals, viruses and various radioactive compounds
in our research and development activities and cannot eliminate the risk of
accidental contamination or injury from these materials. Any misuse or
accidents involving these materials could lead to significant litigation, fines
and penalties. 

 Drugs are also subject to
extensive regulation outside of the U.S. In the European Union, there is a
centralized approval procedure that authorizes marketing of a product in all
countries in the European Union (which includes most major countries in
Europe). If this procedure is not used, under a decentralized system an
approval in one country of the European Union can be used to obtain approval in
another country of the European Union under a simplified application process.
After approval under the centralized procedure, pricing and reimbursement
approvals are also required in most countries. Vistide, Viread, Hepsera and
Emtriva were approved by the European Union under the centralized procedure.
Viread as an HIV drug was reviewed for accelerated approval in the European
Union. Hepsera received a traditional review, as did Emtriva. 

 Pricing and Reimbursement 

 Insurance companies, health maintenance organizations
(HMOs), other third-party payors and some governments seek to limit the
amount we can charge for our drugs. For example, in certain foreign markets,
pricing negotiations are often required to obtain approval of a product, and in
the U.S. there have been, and we expect that there will continue to be, a
number of federal and state proposals to implement drug price control. In
addition, managed care organizations are becoming more common in the U.S. and
will continue to seek lower drug prices. The announcement of these proposals or
efforts can cause our stock price to decrease, and if these proposals are
adopted, our revenues could decrease. 

 Our ability to sell our drugs also depends on the
availability of reimbursement from governments and private insurance companies.
These governments and insurance companies often demand rebates or predetermined
discounts from list prices. We expect that products we are developing,
particularly for AIDS indications, will be subject to reimbursement issues. We
cannot be certain that any of our other products that obtain regulatory approval
will be reimbursed by these government and insurance companies. 

 Regulatory approval of
prices is generally required in most foreign countries. In particular, certain
countries will condition their approval of a product on the agreement of the
seller not to sell that product for more than a certain price in that country
and in the past have required price reductions after or in connection with
product approval. We cannot be certain that regulatory authorities in the
future will not establish lower prices or that any regulatory action reducing
the price of our products in any one country will not have the practical effect
of requiring us to reduce our prices in other countries. Some European
governments, notably Germany and Italy, have implemented, or are considering,
legislation that would require pharmaceutical companies to sell their products
subject to reimbursement at a mandatory 

21 

discount.
Such mandatory discounts would reduce the revenue we receive from our drug
sales. In certain developing countries that are significantly affected by HIV
and AIDS, parallel importing and generic competition may occur and adversely
affect revenues from sales of or market share of Viread. 

 Employees 

 As of February 27,
2004, we had approximately 1,425 full-time employees. We believe that we have
good relations with our employees. 

 Website 

 Our website address is
www.gilead.com. We make available free of charge through our website, our
annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K, our director and officers Section 16
reports, and all amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable
after filing, by providing a hyperlink to the EDGAR website directly to our
reports. 

22 

RISK FACTORS THAT
AFFECT GILEAD 

 In
evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following risks in
addition to the other information in this report. Any of the following risks
could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and
financial condition. 

 Substantially all of our revenues are derived from
sales of two products. If we are unable to maintain or continue growing sales
of Viread or to maintain sales of AmBisome our results of operations may be
adversely affected. 

 We are currently dependent on sales of our two lead
products, Viread and AmBisome, to support our existing operations. Together
these products accounted for approximately 90 of our total revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2003. If we are unable to continue growing Viread
revenues or to maintain AmBisome sales, our results of operations are likely to
suffer and we may need to scale back our operations. Viread product sales for
the year ended December 31, 2003 were 566.5 million, or 65 , of our total
revenues and AmBisome product sales and royalties for the year ended December 31,
2003 were 210.9 million, or 24 of our total revenues. We may not be able to
maintain the growth rate of Viread or the current sales level of AmBisome for
the reasons stated in this risk factor section and, in particular, the
following reasons: 

 We face significant competition from businesses that have substantially
greater resources than we do. For example, in 2003, we experienced declining
sales volumes for AmBisome due in part to the introduction of new European
competitors. On a volume basis, AmBisome sales decreased by 5 in Europe in
2003 compared to 2002. 

 As Viread
and AmBisome are used over a longer period of time and additional studies are
conducted, new issues with respect to safety, resistance and interactions with
other drugs may arise which could cause us to provide additional warnings on
our labels, narrow our approved indications or halt sales of a product, each of
which could reduce our revenues. 

 As a product
matures, private insurers and government reimbursers may reduce the amount they
will reimburse patients for these products, which will increase pressure on us
to reduce prices. For example, in 2003, authorities in Germany and Italy
reduced the amount of reimbursement they will provide for patients using Viread
and we expect similar reductions in France in 2004. 

 If we fail to commercialize new products or expand the
indications for existing products, our prospects for future revenues and stock
price may be adversely affected. 

 If we do not
introduce new products or increase revenues from our existing products, we may
not be able to grow our revenues. In order to expand our products, we have
begun marketing Hepsera for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B and Emtriva
for the treatment of HIV in the United States and in the European Union. In
addition, we are developing a co-formulation of tenofovir with emtricitabine.
Failure to achieve any of these objectives when expected, or at all, may have a
material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may not
be able to achieve these objectives for the following reasons: 

 Hepsera
is a new drug and faces a competitive marketplace in which we have less
experience than established competitors. For example, Hepsera primarily
competes with lamivudine in the United States and with interferon-alfa 2b in
the European hepatitis B market. Hepsera s primary advantage over lamivudine is
that patients have so far been less likely to develop resistance to Hepsera
than they have to lamivudine. However, lamivudine has been on the market longer
than Hepsera and lamivudine s resistance problems did not surface until after
the product was marketed. Hepsera may not continue to show superior resistance
properties to lamivudine. Hepsera s primary advantages 

23 

over interferon-alfa 2b
are greater safety, tolerability and oral dosing. Newer versions of interferon
(pegylated-interferon) are under development and may prove to be safer, more
tolerable and offer once-weekly injectable dosing. Marketing a treatment for
hepatitis B is also difficult since many infected individuals are not diagnosed
and there is not a consensus among physicians as to the appropriate methods of
treatment. 

 A
physical combination of emtricitabine with tenofovir may not be technically
feasible or cost-effective. In addition, we may not be able to develop a
chemistry, manufacturing and bioequivalence package that shows the
co-formulated tablet gives the same exposure to tenofovir and emtricitabine as
the two drugs given individually that will support regulatory approval. We have
not completed stability studies necessary to support approval of a
co-formulation of tenofovir and emtricitabine. 

 If we fail to increase our
sales of Hepsera or if we do not obtain regulatory approval and successfully
market a co-formulation of emtricitabine and tenofovir, we may not be able to
increase revenues and expand our research and development efforts. 

 If significant safety issues arise for our marketed
products, our sales may decline, which would adversely affect our results of
operations. 

 The data that support the
marketing approvals for our products, including Viread, AmBisome, Hepsera and
Emtriva and that form the basis for the safety warnings in our product labels,
were obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration, and, in the
case of Viread, from limited post-approval use. Following approval, these
products are and will be used over longer periods of time in many patients
taking numerous other medicines, who have underlying health problems and who
will not be monitored for dosing compliance. If new safety issues are reported
in post-marketing use and we cannot rule out the contributory role of our
products, we may be required to provide additional warnings on our labels or
narrow our approved indications, each of which could reduce the market
acceptance of these products. For example, while we did not observe kidney
toxicity in our clinical trials of Viread, kidney toxicity has been reported
with post-approval use of Viread and the Viread label has been updated to
include this warning. If serious safety issues with our marketed products were
to arise, sales of these products could be halted by us or by regulatory
authorities. In 1999, we discontinued development of adefovir dipivoxil 60 mg
for treatment of HIV infection due to concerns about kidney toxicity arising
from our studies. The 10 mg dose of adefovir dipivoxil used in Hepsera has not
been associated with significant kidney toxicity in our clinical trials to
date, other than in patients who have pre-existing kidney problems or who are
taking drugs known to cause kidney toxicity. However, kidney toxicity may
develop in the broader hepatitis B patient population. 

 Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA
and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on
a timely basis or to achieve continued compliance could delay commercialization
of our products. 

 The products that we develop must be approved for
marketing and sale by regulatory authorities and will be subject to extensive
regulation by the FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in other countries. We
are continuing clinical trials for AmBisome, Viread, Hepsera and Emtriva for
currently approved and additional uses. We anticipate that we will file for
marketing approval in additional countries and for additional products over the
next several years. These products may fail to receive marketing approval on a
timely basis, or at all. Also, our current filing strategy for a co-formulation
of tenofovir and emtricitabine is based on data from completed studies: if the
FDA requires additional pivotal studies for a combination product our
regulatory filing will be delayed. Regulatory authorities outside of the U.S.
and the European Union may not approve emtricitabine for treatment of HIV
because it does not have sufficient efficacy advantages over a currently
marketed lamivudine product. We also may not be able to obtain the regulatory
approvals necessary to expand our commercial efforts into new markets. These
failures, delays 

24 

or limitations, as well as
other regulatory changes, actions and recalls, could delay commercialization of
any products and adversely affect our results of operations. 

 In addition, our marketed
products and how we sell these products are subject to extensive regulation and
review. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our products or
problems with our promotional activities may result in restrictions on our
products, including withdrawal of the products from the market. For example, on
August 7, 2003, the FDA issued a written warning concerning our
promotional activities of Viread. If we fail to comply with applicable
regulatory requirements, we could be subject to penalties including fines, suspensions
of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products and criminal
prosecution. In addition, we have been named in a multi-party lawsuit alleging
that we inflated the reimbursement rates under the Medicaid Program of certain
pharmaceuticals we manufacture. 

 Results of clinical trials are uncertain and may not
support continued development of a product pipeline, which would adversely
affect our prospects for future revenue growth. 

 We are required to
demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of products we develop in each
intended use through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials. The
results from preclinical and early clinical studies do not always accurately
predict results in later, large-scale clinical trials. Even successfully
completed large-scale clinical trials may not result in marketable products. A
number of companies in our industry have suffered setbacks in advanced clinical
trials despite promising results in earlier trials. For example, in 1999 the
FDA denied approval of adefovir dipivoxil (60 mg), a drug developed by Gilead
for the treatment of HIV, based on concerns regarding kidney toxicity. We may
in the future seek clinical development of similar compounds that also have the
potential for kidney toxicity or other adverse effects. If any of our products
under development fail to achieve their primary endpoint in clinical trials or
if safety issues arise, commercialization of that drug candidate could be
delayed or halted. 

 Manufacturing problems could delay product shipments
and regulatory approvals, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 

 We depend on third parties to perform manufacturing
activities effectively and on a timely basis. If these third parties fail to
perform as required, this could impair our ability to deliver our products on a
timely basis or cause delays in our clinical trials and applications for
regulatory approval, and these events could harm our competitive position. The
manufacturing process for pharmaceutical products is highly regulated, and
regulators may shut down manufacturing facilities that they believe do not
comply with regulations. The FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices are
extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes, stability testing,
record-keeping and quality standards. In addition, our manufacturing operations
are subject to routine inspections by regulatory agencies and similar
regulations are in effect in other countries. 

 For Viread, Hepsera, Vistide and Emtriva, we rely on
third parties for the manufacture of bulk drug substance and final drug product
for clinical and commercial purposes. In addition, Roche is responsible for
manufacturing Tamiflu. These third-party manufacturers may develop problems
over which we have no control and these problems may adversely affect our
business. For example, in January 2002, Roche announced that due to
production problems the liquid suspension form of Tamiflu approved for
treatment of children as young as one year old was not available. In Japan,
where the 2002-2003 flu season was particularly severe, Roche s
sublicensee, Chugai Corporation, was unable to meet heightened demand
satisfactorily. In January 2003, Chugai issued a press release attributing
this failure, in part, to manufacturing problems. These problems in Japan have
reduced the net sales and our royalty from Roche. 

 We manufacture AmBisome at
our facilities in San Dimas, California. These are our only formulation and
manufacturing facilities in the U.S. We own a manufacturing facility in Ireland
that performs certain 

25 

quality
control testing, labeling and packaging. In addition, we use third parties as
alternate contract suppliers to fill and freeze dry certain batches of product.
In the event of a natural disaster, including an earthquake, equipment failure,
strike or other difficulty, we may be unable to replace this manufacturing
capacity in a timely manner and would be unable to manufacture AmBisome to meet
market needs. 

 We may not be able to obtain materials necessary to
manufacture our products, which could limit our ability to generate revenues. 

 Many of the materials that
we utilize in our operations are made at only one facility. For example, we
depend on single suppliers for high quality amphotericin B,
distearoylphosphatidylcholine and high quality cholesterol, each of which is
used in the manufacture of one or more of our liposomal products. Because the
suppliers of key components and materials must be named in the new drug
application filed with the FDA for a product, significant delays can occur if
the qualification of a new supplier is required. If supplies from our suppliers
were interrupted for any reason, we may be unable to ship Viread, AmBisome,
Hepsera, Emtriva or Vistide, or to supply any of our products in development
for clinical trials. 

 We may need to develop additional manufacturing
capacity for our existing and future products, which will increase our
expenses. 

 We have evaluated in the
past, and continue to evaluate, the feasibility of acquiring manufacturing
capabilities to support the production of our products, principally Viread and
Emtriva. These facilities may be required to increase production capacities in
order to support clinical trials and to produce such products for commercial
sale at an acceptable cost. We have not manufactured these products in the
past. Developing these technological capabilities and building or purchasing a
facility will increase our expenses with no guarantee that we will be able to
recover our investment in our manufacturing capabilities. 

 We depend on relationships with other companies for
sales and marketing performance and revenues. Failure to maintain these
relationships would negatively impact our business. 

 We rely on a number
of significant collaborative relationships with major pharmaceutical companies
for our sales and marketing performance. These include collaborations with
Fujisawa and Sumitomo for AmBisome, GSK for Hepsera, Roche for Tamiflu, Pfizer
for Vistide and Japan Tobacco for Viread and Emtriva. In certain countries, we
rely on international distributors for sales of AmBisome, Viread and Emtriva
and in some European countries, we intend to rely only on international
distributors for sales of Hepsera. Some of these relationships also involve the
clinical development of these products by our partners. Reliance on
collaborative relationships poses a number of risks, including: 

 we
will not be able to control whether our corporate partners will devote
sufficient resources to our programs or products; 

 disputes
may arise in the future with respect to the ownership of rights to technology
developed with corporate partners; 

 disagreements
with corporate partners could lead to delays in or termination of the research,
development or commercialization of product candidates, or result in litigation
or arbitration; 

 contracts
with our corporate partners may fail to provide significant protection or may
fail to be effectively enforced if one of these partners fails to perform; 

 corporate
partners have considerable discretion in electing whether to pursue the
development of any additional products and may pursue alternative technologies
or products either on their own or in collaboration with our competitors; 

26 

corporate
partners with marketing rights may choose to devote fewer resources to the marketing
of our products than they do to products of their own development; and 

 our
distributors and corporate partners may be unable to pay us 

 Given these risks, there is a great deal of
uncertainty regarding the success of our current and future collaborative
efforts. If these efforts fail, our product development or commercialization of
new products could be delayed or revenue from existing products, including
Viread, Emtriva, Hepsera, AmBisome and Tamiflu, could decline. 

 Under our April 2002
licensing agreement with GSK, we gave GSK the right to control clinical and
regulatory development and commercialization of Hepsera in territories in Asia,
Africa and Latin America. These include major markets for Hepsera, such as
China, Japan, Taiwan and Korea. The success of Hepsera in these territories
will depend almost entirely on the efforts of GSK. In this regard, GSK promotes
Epivir HBV, a product that competes with Hepsera. Consequently, GSK s marketing
strategy for Hepsera may be influenced by its promotion of Epivir HBV. We
receive royalties from GSK equal to a percentage of net sales made by GSK. If
GSK fails to devote sufficient resources to, or does not succeed in developing
or commercializing Hepsera in its territories, our potential revenues from sales
of Hepsera may be substantially reduced. 

 Expenses associated with clinical trials and sales
fluctuations as a result of inventory levels held by wholesalers may cause our
earnings to fluctuate, which could adversely affect our stock price. 

 The clinical trials
required for regulatory approval of our products are extremely expensive. It is
difficult to accurately predict or control the amount or timing of these
expenses from quarter to quarter. Uneven and unexpected spending on these
programs may cause our operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter.
In addition, a substantial portion of our sales activity in the United States
is conducted with three distributors, Amerisource Bergen Corp., McKesson Corp.
and Cardinal Health, Inc. Inventory levels held by these and other
wholesalers may fluctuate significantly which could cause our sales to them and
as a result, our operating results, to fluctuate unexpectedly from quarter to
quarter. For example, based on our review of NDC prescription trends, IMS inventory
data and actual Viread sales, we believe, in the quarter ended June 30,
2003, wholesalers built up inventory levels by an estimated 1.2 months. We
believe this inventory build-up was followed by an equivalent or possibly
greater inventory reduction during the quarter ended September 30, 2003. 

 Approximately half of our product sales occur outside
the U.S., and currency fluctuations may cause our earnings to fluctuate, which
could adversely affect our stock price. 

 A significant percentage
of our product sales are denominated in foreign currencies. Increases in the
value of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies in the past have
reduced, and in the future may reduce, our U.S. dollar equivalent sales and
negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. We use
foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a percentage of our forecasted
international sales, primarily those denominated in the Euro currency. We also
hedge a portion of our accounts receivable balances denominated in foreign
currencies, which reduces but does not eliminate our exposure to currency
fluctuations between the date a sale is recorded and the date that cash is
collected. Additionally, to mitigate the impact of currency rate fluctuations
on our cash outflows for certain foreign currency-denominated raw materials
purchases, we enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge our
foreign currency-denominated accounts payable. Although we use forward
contracts to reduce the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our future
results, these efforts may not be successful and any such fluctuations could
adversely affect our results of operations. 

27 

We face credit risks from our European customers that
may adversely affect our results of operations. 

 We are particularly
subject to credit risk from our European customers. Our European product sales
to government owned or supported customers in Greece, Spain, Portugal, and
Italy are subject to significant payment delays due to government funding and
reimbursement practices. Our accounts receivable from government owned or
supported customers in these countries totaled 148.4 million as of December 31,
2003. If significant changes were to occur in the reimbursement practices of
European governments or if government funding becomes unavailable, we may not
be able to collect on amounts due to us from these customers and our results of
operations would be adversely affected. 

 Our plan to supply Viread at our cost to certain
developing countries may expose us to liability that would have a material
adverse affect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

 We are launching a
distribution program pursuant to which we will supply Viread at our cost to all
countries in Africa and to the 15 other countries designated Least Developed
Countries by the United Nations. The supply and distribution of drugs in a
resource-poor environment is a complicated undertaking. As this program
develops, we could face unforeseen challenges and risks, which could give rise
to unforeseen liabilities. For example, patients in less developed countries
using Viread may not be as closely supervised by a doctor as they would be in
more developed nations. Accordingly, there may be an increased likelihood of
Viread-related complications going undetected or untreated, which could result
in significant liability to Gilead. 

 Our product revenues could be reduced by imports from
countries where our products are available at lower prices. 

 Prices for our products are based on local market
economics and competition and sometimes differ from country to country. Our
sales in countries with relatively higher prices may be reduced if products can
be imported into those countries from lower price markets. There have been
cases in which pharmaceutical products were sold at steeply discounted prices
in the developing world and then re-exported to European countries, where they
could be re-sold at much higher prices. If this happens with our products,
particularly Viread, which we have agreed to provide at our cost to all
countries in Africa and to the 15 other countries designated Least Developed
Countries by the United Nations, our revenues would be adversely affected. 

 In addition, in the
European Union, we are required to permit cross border sales. This allows
buyers in countries where government-approved prices for our products are
relatively high to purchase our products legally from countries where they must
be sold at lower prices. Additionally, some U.S. consumers have been able to
purchase products, including HIV medicines, from Internet pharmacies in other
countries at substantial discounts. Such cross-border sales could adversely
affect our revenues. 

 In some countries, we may be required to grant
compulsory licenses for our HIV products or face generic competition for our
HIV products. 

 In a number of developing
countries, government officials and other groups have suggested that
pharmaceutical companies should make drugs for HIV infection available at a low
cost. In some cases, governmental authorities have indicated that where
pharmaceutical companies do not make their HIV drugs available at a low cost,
their patents might not be enforceable to prevent generic competition. Some
major pharmaceutical companies have greatly reduced prices for HIV drugs in certain
developing countries. If certain countries do not permit enforcement of our
patents, sales of our products in those countries could be reduced by generic
competition. Alternatively, governments in those countries could require that
we grant compulsory licenses to allow competitors to manufacture and sell their
own versions of our products in those countries, thereby reducing our sales, or
we could respond to governmental concerns by reducing prices for our products.
In addition to reducing our sales, compulsory licenses may 

28 

increase
the risk of counterfeiting as we would no longer have control over
manufacturing and distribution in those markets. In addition, countries such as
Canada are considering amending their patent laws to permit the export of otherwise
patented products to countries in the developing world. In all of these
situations, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 Our existing products are subject to reimbursement
from government agencies and other third parties. Pharmaceutical pricing and
reimbursement pressures may reduce profitability. 

 Successful commercialization of our products depends,
in part, on the availability of governmental and third party payor
reimbursement for the cost of such products and related treatments. Government
health administration authorities, private health insurers and other
organizations generally provide reimbursement. Government authorities and
third-party payors increasingly are challenging the price of medical products
and services, particularly for innovative new products and therapies. This has
resulted in lower average sales prices. For example, a majority of our sales of
AmBisome and Vistide, and a significant percentage of our sales of Viread and
Hepsera, are subject to reimbursement by government agencies, resulting in
significant discounts from list price and rebate obligations. Our business may
be adversely affected by an increase in U.S. or international pricing
pressures. These pressures can arise from rules and practices of managed
care groups, judicial decisions and governmental laws and regulations related
to Medicare, Medicaid and health care reform, pharmaceutical reimbursement and
pricing in general. In the U.S. in recent years, new legislation has been
proposed at the federal and state levels that would effect major changes in the
health care system, either nationally or at the state level. These proposals
have included prescription drug benefit proposals for Medicare beneficiaries
recently passed by Congress. Additionally, some states have enacted health care
reform legislation. Further federal and state developments are possible. Our
results of operations could be adversely affected by future health care
reforms. In Europe, the success of Hepsera, Tamiflu, Emtriva and Viread will
also depend largely on obtaining and maintaining government reimbursement
because in many European countries, including the United Kingdom and France,
patients are reluctant to pay for prescription drugs out of their own pocket.
We also expect that the success of our products in development, particularly in
Europe, will depend on the ability to obtain reimbursement. Even if
reimbursement is available, reimbursement policies may adversely affect our
ability to sell our products on a profitable basis. 

 In addition, in many
international markets, governments control the prices of prescription
pharmaceuticals. In these markets, once regulatory marketing approval is
received, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take twelve
months or longer. Some foreign governments have passed, or are considering,
legislation to require us to sell our products subject to reimbursement at a
mandatory discount. Sales of competing products, attempts to gain market share
or introductory pricing programs of our competitors could also require us to
lower our prices in these countries, which could adversely affect our results
of operations. 

 We may not be able to obtain effective patents to
protect our technologies from use by competitors, and patents of other companies
could require us to stop using or pay for the use of required technology. 

 Our success will
depend to a significant degree on our ability to: 

 obtain
patents and licenses to patent rights; 

 preserve
trade secrets; and 

 operate
without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. 

 We have rights to U.S. and foreign issued patents and
have filed and will continue to file patent applications in the U.S. and abroad
relating to our technologies. There is a risk, however, that patents may not
issue from any of these applications or that the patents will not be sufficient
to protect our technology. 

29 

Patent applications are
confidential for at least some period of time, sometimes in the U.S. until a
patent issues. As a result, we may not know if our competitors filed patent
applications for technology covered by our pending applications or if we were
the first to invent the technology that is the subject of our patent
applications. Competitors may have filed patent applications or received
patents and may obtain additional patents and proprietary rights that block or
compete with our patents. 

 We do not have patent filings in China or certain
other Asian countries covering all forms of adefovir dipivoxil, the active
ingredient in Hepsera, although we do have applications pending in various
Asian countries that relate to various forms and formulations of adefovir
dipivoxil. Asia is a major market for therapies for hepatitis B, the indication
for which Hepsera has been developed. We may obtain patents for certain products
many years before marketing approval is obtained for those products. Because
patents have a limited life, which may begin to run prior to commercial sale,
the commercial value of the product may be limited. In addition, patents may
not provide adequate protection in certain countries in Africa and Asia,
including China. 

 Our competitors may file patent applications covering
our technology. If so, we may have to participate in interference proceedings
or litigation to determine the right to a patent. Litigation and interference
proceedings are expensive even if we are ultimately successful. 

 Our success depends in large part on our ability to
operate without infringing upon the patents or other proprietary rights of
third parties. If we infringe the patents of others, we may be prevented from
commercializing products or may be required to obtain licenses from these third
parties. We may not be able to obtain alternative technologies or any required
license on reasonable terms or at all. If we fail to obtain such licenses or
alternative technologies, we may be unable to develop or commercialize some or
all of our products. 

 In addition, we use
significant proprietary technology and rely on unpatented trade secrets and
proprietary know-how to protect certain aspects of our production and other
technologies. Our trade secrets may become known or independently discovered by
our competitors. 

 We may face significant liability resulting from our
products that may not be covered by insurance and successful claims could
materially reduce our earnings. 

 The testing,
manufacturing, marketing and use of Viread, AmBisome, Hepsera, Emtriva,
Tamiflu, and Vistide as well as products in development, involve substantial
risk of product liability claims. These claims may be made directly by
consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others. Although
we maintain product liability insurance, a successful product liability claim
against us may not be covered by our insurance or could require us to pay
amounts beyond that provided by our insurance, either of which could impair our
financial condition and our ability to clinically test and to market our
products. 

 ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

 Our corporate headquarters, including our principal
executive offices and some of our research facilities, are located in Foster
City, California. At this location, we own approximately 496,000 square feet of
space in 16 proximately located buildings. We currently occupy 10 of the 16
buildings and also have a tenant occupying some of the remaining buildings. 

 We also occupy facilities in San Dimas, California. At
this location, we lease approximately 102,500 square feet of space, which
houses research and development activities, manufacturing and certain
administrative functions. These leases expire in May 2008 and November 2013,
with no renewal options at present. In addition, we lease an adjacent warehouse
facility with about 53,000 square feet of space that we use for product
distribution and administrative functions. This lease expires in May 2006,
with two additional five-year extensions. 

30 

In Durham, North Carolina, we
lease approximately 101,000 square feet of administrative office and
laboratory space, of which we sublease approximately 21,000 square feet to
third parties. This lease expires in October 2009, after which Gilead has
the option to renew for two seven-year terms. 

 In addition, we lease approximately 141,000 square
feet of space for our sales and marketing, regulatory, finance, information
technology and human resource operations in Europe and Australia, including a
prepaid, 999-year lease for our 13,000 square foot manufacturing and
distribution facility in Ireland. The other leases have various expiration
dates. 

 We believe that our
facilities are adequate and suitable for at least our current and near-term
future needs. 

 ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 On September 4, 2003, Gilead entered into a
Settlement Agreement and Release with University License Equity Holdings, Inc.
(ULEHI) and Archemix Corporation concerning rights to identify aptamers using
the SELEX technology licensed by ULEHI to Gilead. The Settlement Agreement and
Release resolves disputes among the parties arising out of Gilead s assignment
of rights to identify certain aptamers to Archemix. 

 On September 2, 2003, the County of Westchester,
New York Westchester served Gilead with a complaint filed in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York which alleges that
Gilead and a large number of other pharmaceutical manufacturer defendants
report prices for products that overstate the Average Wholesale Price AWP ),
allegedly inflating reimbursement rates under the Medicaid Program and causing
Westchester to pay artificially inflated prices for covered drugs including, in
the case of Gilead, Viread. In addition, Westchester argues that the
defendants, including Gilead, did not accurately report the best price under
the Medicaid Program. The complaint asserts varying claims under the federal
RICO statutes, their state law corollaries, as well as state law claims for
deceptive trade practices and common law fraud. Gilead intends to vigorously
defend itself against the allegations. The complaint seeks an undetermined
amount of damages, as well as other relief, including declaratory and
injunctive relief. Other defendants in this lawsuit have been named in numerous
other lawsuits with comparable AWP allegations. To our knowledge, Gilead has
not been named in these other lawsuits. Were Gilead to be named and served in
other lawsuits with comparable AWP allegations, adverse results could result in
material damages. 

 A purported class action
complaint was filed on November 10, 2003 in the United States District
Court for the Northern District of California against Gilead and our Company s
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice Presidents of
Operations and Research and Development, and Senior Vice Presidents of
Manufacturing and Research. The complaint alleges that the defendants violated
the federal securities laws, specifically Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, by making certain alleged false and misleading statements.
The plaintiff seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a purported class of
purchasers of the Gilead s securities during the period from July 14, 2003
through October 28, 2003. Other similar actions were subsequently filed
and the court issued an order consolidating the lawsuits into a single action
on December 22, 2003. We believe that we have meritorious defenses to the
allegations contained in the complaint and intend to defend the case
vigorously. No trial date has been scheduled. On February 9, 2004, the
court issued an order appointing lead plaintiffs in the action, and these lead
plaintiffs have until March 25, 2004 to file a consolidated complaint. 

 In December 2003, two purported shareholder
derivative lawsuits were filed by individual shareholders on behalf of Gilead
against its directors and certain executive officers in the Superior Court of
the State of California, County of San Mateo alleging, among other things, that
defendants violated the California Corporations Code and breached fiduciary
duties owing to Gilead. Gilead is named as a 

31 

nominal defendant. The
plaintiffs seek unspecified damages on behalf of Gilead in connection with
alleged insider trading during the period between July 14, 2003 and October 28,
2003 and defendants alleged breach of their fiduciary duties, abuse of
control, waste and mismanagement. The two cases were consolidated into a single
action on January 15, 2004 and plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint
on February 12, 2004. No trial date has been scheduled. We intend to take
all appropriate action to defend our interests in connection with this litigation. 

 We are also a party to
various other legal actions that arose in the ordinary course of our business.
We do not believe that any of these other legal actions will have a material
adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial position. 

 ITEM
4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

 No matters were submitted
to a vote of securities holders during the quarter ended December 31,
2003. 

32 

PART II 

 ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 Our
common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol GILD . The
following table sets forth for the periods indicated the high and low intra-day
sale prices per share of our common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market. These
prices represent quotations among dealers without adjustments for retail
mark-ups, markdowns or commissions, and may not represent prices of actual
transactions. 

High 

Low 

2003 

First Quarter 

43.20 

31.24 

Second Quarter 

57.37 

40.58 

Third Quarter 

70.61 

53.37 

Fourth Quarter 

61.65 

50.27 

2002 

First Quarter 

39.00 

28.95 

Second Quarter 

38.19 

28.05 

Third Quarter 

37.25 

26.08 

Fourth Quarter 

40.00 

30.61 

As of February 27, 2004, we had 213,780,787
shares of common stock outstanding held by approximately 511 stockholders of
record. We have not paid cash dividends on our common stock since our inception
and we do not anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future. 

 On December 18,
2002 we issued 345.0 million of 2 convertible senior notes due December 15,
2007 in a private offering to Goldman, Sachs Co., which resold the
notes to qualified institutional investors. The notes are currently convertible
into a total of 7,340,425 shares of common stock at 47.00 per share. Net
proceeds were approximately 336.6 million. 

33 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

 GILEAD
SCIENCES, INC. 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA(1) 
(in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

2000 

1999 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA: 

Total revenues 

867,864 

466,790 

233,769 

195,555 

168,979 

In-process research and
 development 

488,599 

Total costs and expenses 

1,026,539 

385,783 

354,458 

247,873 

239,838 

Income (loss) from
 operations 

(158,675 

81,007 

(120,689 

(52,318 

(70,859 

Gain on sale of oncology
 assets 

157,771 

Provision for (benefit
 from) income taxes 

(95,530 

1,300 

4,135 

1,199 

888 

Income (loss) before
 cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 

(72,003 

72,097 

51,182 

(43,106 

(66,486 

Cumulative effect of
 change in accounting principle(2) 

1,089 

(13,670 

Net income (loss) 

(72,003 

72,097 

52,271 

(56,776 

(66,486 

Amounts per common share basic: 

Income (loss) before
 cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 

(0.36 

0.37 

0.27 

(0.24 

(0.39 

Cumulative effect of
 change in accounting principle 

0.01 

(0.07 

Net income (loss) per
 share basic 

(0.36 

0.37 

0.28 

(0.31 

(0.39 

Shares used in per share
 calculation basic 

201,105 

195,543 

190,245 

182,099 

171,305 

Amounts per common share diluted: 

Income (loss) before
 cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 

(0.36 

0.35 

0.25 

(0.24 

(0.39 

Cumulative effect of
 change in accounting principle 

0.01 

(0.07 

Net income (loss) per
 share diluted 

(0.36 

0.35 

0.26 

(0.31 

(0.39 

Shares used in
 per share calculation diluted 

201,105 

206,477 

202,321 

182,099 

171,305 

34 

GILEAD SCIENCES,
INC. 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA (Continued) 
(in thousands) 

December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

2000 

1999 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
 DATA: 

Cash, cash
 equivalents and marketable securities 

707,000 

942,374 

582,851 

512,878 

294,394 

Working capital 

1,080,003 

1,078,868 

627,642 

535,560 

324,104 

Total assets 

1,554,722 

1,288,183 

794,786 

678,099 

436,808 

Long-term
 obligations 

323 

273 

389 

2,238 

5,253 

Convertible debt 

345,000 

595,000 

250,000 

250,000 

79,533 

Accumulated
 deficit 

(453,643 

(381,640 

(453,737 

(506,008 

(449,232 

Total stockholders 
 equity(3) 

1,002,974 

571,341 

452,437 

351,124 

297,292 

(1) During 2003, Gilead
completed the acquisition of all of the net assets of Triangle for an aggregate
purchase price of 525.2 million. Approximately 488.6 million of the purchase
price was allocated to in-process research and development. Also during 2003,
we recorded an income tax benefit of 111.6 million related to the reduction of
the valuation allowance on certain of our net deferred tax assets. During 2002,
we sold all of our shares of OSI common stock and recognized a loss on the sale
of marketable securities of 16.0 million. These shares were partial
consideration for the sale of our oncology assets in 2001. During 2001, we
completed the sale of our oncology assets and related technology to OSI
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and recorded a non-operating gain of 157.8 million.
In 2001, we also recorded a non-operating gain of 8.8 million from the sale of
our 49 percent interest in Proligo. 

 (2) Gilead adopted Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards Nos. 133 and 138, collectively referred
to as SFAS 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities ,in the first
quarter of 2001. The change was accounted for as a change in accounting
principle. Effective in the first quarter of 2000, Gilead adopted the SEC s
Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 (SAB 101), Revenue
Recognition in Financial Statements , and the change was also
accounted for as a change in accounting principle. 

 (3) No
cash dividends have been declared or paid on our common stock. 

 ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS 

 Executive Summary 

 We are a biopharmaceutical company that discovers,
develops and commercializes therapeutics to advance the care of patients
suffering from life-threatening diseases. We are a multinational company, with
revenues from six approved products and marketing operations in ten countries. We
focus our research and clinical programs on anti-infectives. Currently, we
market Viread (tenofovir disoproxil fumarate) and Emtriva (emtricitabine) for
the treatment of HIV infection; Hepsera (adefovir dipivoxil) for the treatment
of chronic hepatitis B infection; AmBisome (amphotericin B liposome for
injection), an antifungal agent; and Vistide (cidofovir injection) for the
treatment of CMV retinitis. Roche markets Tamiflu (oseltamivir phosphate) for
the treatment of influenza, under a royalty paying collaborative agreement with
us. In December 2003, we made the decision to discontinue selling
DaunoXome (daunorubicin citrate liposome injection), a drug approved for the
treatment of Kaposi s Sarcoma. We are seeking to add to our existing portfolio
of products through our internal discovery and clinical development programs
and through an 

35 

active product acquisition
and in-licensing strategy, such as our acquisition of the assets of Triangle
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. completed in January 2003. Our internal
discovery activities include identification of new molecular targets, target
screening and medicinal chemistry. In addition, we are currently developing
clinical stage products to treat HIV infection and chronic hepatitis B. 

 Our operating results for 2003 in comparison to 2002
were characterized by solid growth in our key HIV drug, Viread and represent
our second consecutive year of significant increases in total product revenues.
Based on independent third party data, Viread has become one of the most widely
prescribed antiretrovirals in its class of drugs, achieving more new and total
prescriptions than competing drugs in the nucleotide/nucleoside reverse
transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) market. As a result of the growth of Viread
sales, higher than expected AmBisome sales and controlled spending, we have
generated positive cash flow from operations for each of the last two years,
with an increase to 234.6 million in 2003 from 74.4 million in 2002, or 215 
year over year growth. We expect our HIV drug sales to grow in the near term,
although we expect it to be at a slower rate than we have experienced in the
past two years. Enabling this growth is the increasing importance of once-daily
regimens in prescribing HIV medications. The availability of both Viread and
Emtriva (acquired from Triangle) now provide physicians the ability to
construct once-daily regimens. 

 Operating results for 2003 were
impacted by the acquisition of all of the assets of Triangle i n January 2003.
We completed this acquisition to expand our antiviral pipeline. Triangle was a
development stage company with a particular focus on potential therapies for
HIV, including AIDS, and the hepatitis B virus (HBV). The aggregate purchase
price was 525.2 million, including cash paid of 463.1 million for the
outstanding stock, the fair value of stock options assumed of 41.3 million,
estimated direct transaction costs of 14.2 million and employee related costs
of 6.6 million. Approximately 488.6 million of the purchase price was
allocated to in-process research and development and represented the fair value
of Triangle s incomplete research and development programs that had not yet
reached technological feasibility and had no alternative future use as of the
acquisition date. As a result of this transaction and the related in-process
research and development charge, our operating loss for 2003 was 158.7 million
versus operating income of 81.0 million in 2002. This acquisition was
important to us not only for the compounds we acquired, but also for the
opportunity it provided us to create a co-formulation of Viread and Emtriva
into a single pill that can be dosed once a day. If successful, we expect this
co-formulated product to further grow our HIV franchise. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements for further information on the Triangle acquisition. 

 In December 2001, we completed the sale of our
oncology assets to OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in a transaction valued at up
to 200.0 million in cash and OSI stock. This transaction has allowed us to
focus on and continue to strengthen our core expertise in infectious diseases. See
Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 

 Certain prior period
amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 

 Forward-Looking
Statements and Risk Factors 

 The following discussion
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
Please read Risk Factors that Affect Gilead in Part I for factors that
could cause or contribute to material differences between these forward-looking
statements and actual results. The Risk Factors discussion should be read in
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included
elsewhere in this report. 

36 

Critical Accounting
Policies, Estimates and Judgments 

 This discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures. On an
on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue
recognition, bad debts, inventories, accrued clinical and preclinical expenses,
income taxes and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other market-specific assumptions that are believed to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are
not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results, however, may differ
significantly from these estimates. 

 We believe the
following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments
and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: 

 We
record estimated reductions to revenue for expected returns of expired
products, government rebate programs, such as Medicaid reimbursements, and
customer incentives, such as cash discounts for prompt payment. Estimates for
government rebate programs and cash discounts are based on contractual terms,
historical utilization rates and expectations regarding future utilization
rates for these programs. Estimates for product returns, including new
products, are based on an on-going analysis of industry and historical return
patterns. This includes monitoring the feedback that we receive from our sales
force regarding customer use and satisfaction, the purchase of third-party data
to assist us in monitoring channel inventory levels and subsequent
prescriptions as well as, for new products, a review of our other long shelf
life products we have sold through the same or similar channels. Further, we
monitor the activities and clinical trials of our key competitors and assess
the potential impact on our future sales and return expectations where necessary.
Expected returns for our marketed drugs are generally low because the shelf
life for these products ranges from 24 months for Viread up to 36 months for
AmBisome in the U.S. If conditions become more competitive for any of the
markets served by our drugs or if other circumstances change, we may take
actions to increase our product return estimates or we may offer additional
customer incentives. This would result in an incremental reduction of future
revenue at the time the return estimate is changed or incentives are offered. For
example, between 2002 and 2003, we increased our reserve for government
discounts on Viread sales by more than 3 as a result of our review of
historical utilization rates and the impact of a 2003 mid-year price increase
for Viread. We could see similar increases in the future based on our continued
reviews of utilization rates and any potential U.S. price increases for Viread. 

 We
also maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting
from the inability of our customers to make required payments. This allowance
is based on our analysis of several factors including, but not limited to,
historical payment patterns of our customers and individual customer
circumstances, an analysis of days sales outstanding by customer and geographic
region, and a review of the local economic environment and its potential impact
on the government funding and reimbursement practices. If the financial
condition of our customers or the economic environment in which they operate
were to deteriorate, resulting in an inability to make payments, additional
allowances may be required. Our allowance for doubtful accounts balance as a
percentage of total accounts receivable did not materially change from December 31,
2002 to December 31, 2003. We believe that the allowance for doubtful
accounts is adequate to cover anticipated losses under current conditions;
however, significant deterioration in any of the above factors, especially with
respect to the government funding and reimbursement practices in the European
market, could materially change these expectations and result in an increase to
our allowance for doubtful accounts. 

37 

We
write down our inventory based on historical review of the quantity of raw
material bad batches experienced in a given year and expectations of production
and inventory levels. We also perform quality control reviews of our individual
raw material batches. We generally do not maintain inventory reserves based on
estimated obsolescence or risk of competition primarily because the shelf life
of the products is long. However, if our current assumptions about future
production or inventory levels, demand and competition were to change and if
actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management,
additional inventory reserves may be required which could negatively impact our
product gross margins. 

 We
record accruals for estimated clinical and preclinical study costs. Most of our
clinical and preclinical studies are performed by third party contract research
organizations (CROs). These costs are a significant component of research and
development expenses. During 2003, 2002, and 2001, we incurred 15.0 million,
 23.9 million and 33.6 million, respectively, of CRO costs. We accrue costs
for clinical studies performed by CROs on a straight-line basis over the term
of the service period and adjust our estimates, if required, based upon our
on-going review of the level of effort actually incurred by the CRO. Initially
we estimate that the work performed under the contracts occurs ratably over the
periods to the expected milestone, event or total contract completion date. The
expected completion dates are estimated based upon the terms of the contracts
and past experience with similar contracts. These estimates may or may not
match the actual services performed by the organizations as determined by
patient enrollment levels and other measures of activities specified in the
contract. As a result, we validate our accruals quarterly through written
vendor confirmations and detailed reviews of the activities performed under
each contract. Based upon the results of these validation processes, we assess
the appropriateness of our accruals and make any adjustments we deem necessary
so that our expenses reflect the actual effort incurred by the CROs. Generally,
a significant portion of the total costs are associated with start up
activities for the trial and patient enrollment. Gilead extensively outsources
its clinical trial activities and usually performs only a small portion of the
start-up activities in-house. As a result, CROs typically perform most of the
total start-up activities for our trials, including document preparation, site
identification, screening and preparation, pre-study visits, training, and
program management. On a budgeted basis, these costs are typically 25 to 30 
of the total contract value. On an actual basis, this percentage range is
significantly wider as many of our contracts are either expanded or contracted
in scope compared to the original budget while the start-up costs for the
particular trial do not change significantly. Start-up costs usually occur
within a few months after the contract has been established and are milestone
or event driven in nature. The remaining activities and related costs, such as
patient monitoring and administration, generally occur ratably throughout the
life of the individual contract or study. Most contracts are negotiated as
fixed price and can vary in length between six months for a single dose Phase 1
study and up to two years or more for a more complex Phase 3 study. The average
length of contract for 2002 and 2003 has been at the upper end of this range in
order to provide long term safety and efficacy data to support the commercial
launches of Viread, Hepsera and Emtriva. Through December 31, 2003, we
have not understated or overstated activity levels for any particular study
such that a material adjustment was required. All of our material CRO contracts
are terminable by us upon written notice and Gilead is generally only liable
for actual effort expended by the CRO at any point in time during the contract,
regardless of payment status. Amounts paid in advance of services being
performed will be refunded if a contract is terminated. However, if management
does not receive complete and accurate information from our vendors or has
underestimated activity levels associated with a study at a given point in
time, we would have to record additional and potentially significant research
and development expenses in future periods. 

 We
develop our income tax provision including deferred tax assets and liabilities
based on significant management judgment. We record a valuation allowance to
reduce our deferred tax 

38 

assets to the amount that
is likely to be realized. We consider future taxable income, ongoing tax
planning strategies and our historical financial performance in assessing the
need for a valuation allowance. If it were determined that we would be able to
realize certain deferred tax assets related to the valuation allowance, an
adjustment to the deferred tax asset would increase income in the period in
which such determination was made. Such an adjustment was made in the fourth
quarter of 2003 when we determined that it was more likely than not that
certain of our deferred tax assets will be realized and therefore released the
related valuation allowance. This resulted in an income tax benefit of
approximately 111.6 milion. Likewise, if we determine that we would not be
able to realize all or part of our deferred tax asset in the future, an
adjustment to the deferred tax asset would be charged to income in the period
in which such determination was made. We evaluate the realizibility of our
deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. Our future effective tax rate may be
affected by such factors as changes in tax laws or rates, changes in
interpretation to these laws and overall changes in future levels of earnings
and research and development and capital spending. 

 Management has discussed
the development and selection of these critical accounting policies with the
Audit Committee of Gilead s Board of Directors and the Audit Committee has
reviewed the disclosure presented above relating to them. 

 Results of
Operations 

 Total revenues 

 We had total revenue of
 867.9 million in 2003, 466.8 million in 2002 and
 233.8 million in 2001. Included in total revenue are net product sales,
royalty revenue and contract revenue, including revenue from research 
development (R D) and manufacturing collaborations. Product sales consisted
of the following (in thousands): 

 Product sales 

2003 

Change 

2002 

Change 

2001 

Viread 

566,478 

151 

225,815 

1349 

15,586 

AmBisome 

198,350 

7 

185,669 

13 

164,533 

Other 

71,513 

477 

12,395 

14 

10,851 

Total product sales 

836,341 

97 

423,879 

122 

190,970 

Product sales increased 97 in 2003 compared to 2002
primarily due to significant increases in sales of Viread for HIV, which was
approved for sale in the U.S. in October 2001 and the European Union in February 2002
and has since become an antiretroviral therapy widely prescribed by physicians.
A significant percentage of our product sales continue to be denominated in
foreign currencies. Prior to 2002, we did not hedge our exposure to the impact
of fluctuating foreign exchange rates on forecasted sales. In January 2002,
we began to use forward contracts to hedge a percentage of our forecasted
international sales, primarily those denominated in the Euro currency. This
reduces, but does not eliminate, fluctuations in sales due to changes in
foreign currency exchange rates. Losses on these revenue hedges reduced product
revenues by 2.8 million in 2003 and 1.0 million in 2002. 

 Sales of Viread were 68 of total product sales in 2003,
compared to 53 of total product sales in 2002 and 8 of total product sales in
2001. Of the Viread sales in 2003, 355.9 million were U.S. sales, an increase
of 113 versus 2002, and 210.6 million were international sales, an increase
of 258 versus 2002. With the continued market expansion of Viread, we expect
Viread sales in 2004 to grow approximately 25 to 30 and be in the range of
 700 million to 750 million. 

39 

During 2003, we experienced significant fluctuations
in U.S. distribution channel inventory levels due to speculative purchasing by
the major wholesalers. As a result, we experienced increased quarter to quarter
sales volatility from these purchasing patterns. While we have enacted certain
policies to reduce this type of purchasing and are in discussions with our key
wholesalers, we expect to continue to experience sales volatility for the
foreseeable future. 

 Prior to 2002, our
revenues were primarily derived from sales of AmBisome, which represented 44 
of total product sales in 2002 and 86 of total product sales in 2001. AmBisome
sales in 2003 were 21.7 million higher due to the favorable currency
environment compared to 2002. On a volume basis, AmBisome sales in Europe
decreased by 5 compared to 2002 due to increasing competition. Excluding the
impact of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, AmBisome sales grew
9 for 2002 over 2001. The increase in sales in 2002 compared to 2001 was
primarily due to volume sales increases in Europe, which offset declining sales
in the U.S. With the expected increase in competition, we expect AmBisome sales
for 2004 to be lower than 2003 and in the range of 160 million to 180
million. 

 Royalty Revenue 

 We recorded royalty revenue of 25.2 million in
2003, compared with 20.4 million in 2002 and 23.0 million in 2001. During
this three-year period, the most significant source of royalty revenue was from
sales of AmBisome in the U.S. by Fujisawa under a co-promotion arrangement with
us. Royalty revenue from Fujisawa was 12.5 million in 2003, compared with
 15.7 million in 2002 and 17.1 million in 2001. 

 We also recorded royalty
revenue of 12.0 million in 2003, 3.4 million in 2002 and 4.5 million in
2001 related to sales of Tamiflu. We began recognizing royalties from Tamiflu
in the first quarter of 2000. In June 2002, Roche received European
regulatory approval of Tamiflu for the treatment of influenza in adults and
children and prevention in adolescents and adults. As it is difficult to
estimate third party product sales, we record royalty revenue one quarter in
arrears. Due to this lag in reporting, the royalties related to the severe flu
epidemic in the U.S. in the fourth quarter of 2003 will be recorded in the
first quarter of 2004. 

 Contract Revenue 

 Total contract revenue was 6.3 million in 2003,
compared with 22.5 million in 2002 and 19.8 million in 2001. In
2002 and 2001 a primary source of contract revenue was our licensing of the
SELEX process patent estate to Archemix, which, due to collectibility concerns,
we recognized as the cash was received. This provided contract revenue of 8.1
million in 2002 and 8.6 million in 2001. In 2002, Roche made milestone
payments of 8.0 million for the European prophylaxis and treatment approvals
of Tamiflu, and in 2001 made a 2.0 million milestone payment relating to the
development of Tamiflu under an R D collaboration agreement. As of December 31,
2003, we are entitled to additional milestone payments of up to
 1.6 million upon Roche achieving certain developmental and regulatory
milestones. 

 In April 2002, Gilead and GSK entered into a
licensing agreement providing GSK the rights to commercialize Hepsera , our antiviral for the treatment
of chronic hepatitis B, in Asia, Latin America and certain other territories. Under
the agreement, Gilead retained rights to Hepsera in the U.S., Canada, Eastern
and Western Europe, Australia and New Zealand. GSK received exclusive rights to
develop Hepsera solely for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B in all of its
territories, the most significant of which include China, Korea, Japan and
Taiwan. GSK paid us an up-front licensing fee of 10.0 million and, may pay up
to an additional 30.0 million upon achievement by GSK of certain regulatory,
development and commercial milestones. Of this 30.0 million, 2.0 million was
received for the U.S. approval of Hepsera in September 2002 and 2.0
million was received for the Canadian approval of Hepsera in August 2003. GSK
also will pay us a royalty on net sales, if any, of Hepsera in the GSK
territories. GSK will have full 

40 

responsibility for
development and commercialization of Hepsera in GSK s territories. The 10.0
million up-front fee and 4.0 million of approval milestone fees have been
recorded as deferred revenue with a total of 0.9 million and 0.5 million
being recognized as contract revenue in 2003 and 2002, respectively. The 12.6
million balance of deferred revenue at December 31, 2003 will be amortized
into contract revenue over the period of our remaining obligations under the
agreement, approximately 12 years. 

 In December 2001, we completed the sale of our
oncology assets to OSI. To date, we have received 130.0 million in cash and
 38.8 million in OSI stock from this sale. Under this agreement, we are
entitled to additional payments from OSI of up to 30.0 million in either cash
or a combination of cash and OSI stock if and when OSI reaches certain
development milestones for NX 211, the most advanced of the oncology product
candidates sold to OSI. Under a related manufacturing agreement, we will
produce NX 211 and GS 7904L, the two liposomal products included in the sale at
our manufacturing facility in San Dimas, California. In 2003 and 2002, we
recognized 1.1 million and 3.3 million, respectively, of contract revenue
under this manufacturing agreement. 

 In October 2001, we entered into an agreement
with Archemix Corporation relating to our SELEX technology. Under this
agreement, we gave Archemix exclusive rights to the SELEX process, including
therapeutic and other commercial applications to the extent not already
licensed under pre-existing agreements. Archemix paid to us 8.5 million in
2002 and 9.0 million in 2001 and recorded the net amounts of 8.1 million and
 8.6 million as contract revenue in 2002 and 2001, respectively. As required by
our license agreement with ULEHI, we paid 5 of the 8.5 million and 9.0
million payments to ULEHI. We also received a warrant to purchase 350,000
shares of Archemix common stock, the value of which is not material. As
required by our license agreement with ULEHI, we transferred 5 of this warrant
to ULEHI at that time. We have since transferred the remainder of the warrant
to ULEHI. 

 In March 2000, we
entered into an agreement with EyeTech Pharmaceuticals, Inc. relating to
our proprietary aptamer EYE001, currently known as Macugen. Currently in Phase
3 clinical trials, Macugen is an inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth
factor, or VEGF, which is known to play a role in the development of certain
ophthalmic diseases. Under the terms of the agreement, EyeTech received worldwide
rights to all therapeutic uses of Macugen, and, if the product is successfully
commercialized, EyeTech will pay us royalties on worldwide sales of the
product. EyeTech also will be responsible for all research and development
costs. We provided clinical supplies of the product to EyeTech through March 2001.
We received a 7.0 million up-front licensing fee from EyeTech in April 2000,
which has been recognized as revenue ratably over the one-year supply agreement
period. Accordingly, 5.2 million of the license fee was recorded as
contract revenue in 2000, and 1.8 million was recognized as revenue in 2001.
We are also entitled to additional cash payments from EyeTech of up to
 25.0 million if and when EyeTech reaches certain Macugen development milestones.
Additionally, we received a warrant to purchase 791,667 shares of EyeTech
series B convertible preferred stock, exercisable at a price of 6.00 per
share, the price at which the stock was issued to other investors. In January 2004,
EyeTech completed its initial public offering. We intend to exercise our
warrant for shares of common stock and sell the shares subject to a 180-day
lock-up period. The fair value of the warrant has been adjusted in the first
quarter of 2004 as a result of the EyeTech public offering. 

 Cost of Goods Sold 

 The
following table indicates cost of goods sold (in thousands): 

2003 

Change 

2002 

Change 

2001 

Cost of goods
 sold 

112,691 

62 

69,724 

59 

43,764 

Substantially all of the
increase from each year to year period can be attributed to increases in the
volume of Viread sold, as this product was launched in the U.S. late in the
third quarter of 2001. 

41 

Gross Margins 

 Product gross margins were 86.5 
in 2003, compared with 83.6 in 2002 and 77.1 in 2001. The improvement
from 2002 to 2003 and 2001 to 2002 is primarily driven by product mix as
Viread, a higher margin product, contributed more significantly to net product
sales in each succeeding year. 

 Movements in foreign
currency exchange rates also impact gross margins as we price our products in
the currency of the country into which the products are sold while a
significant majority of our manufacturing costs are in U.S. Dollars. For
example, an increase in the value of these foreign currencies relative to the
U.S. Dollar will positively impact gross margins since our manufacturing costs
will remain approximately the same while our revenues after being translated
into U.S. Dollars, will increase. In 2003 and 2002, gross margins were
positively impacted by the weakening U.S. dollar while in 2001, gross margins
were negatively impacted by these factors. Since 2002, forward contracts have
been used to hedge a percentage of our forecasted international sales, which
can reduce the impact that changes in foreign currency exchange rates have on
our gross margins. Except for the potential impact of unpredictable and
uncontrollable changes in exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar and the
mix of product sales between Viread, Hepsera and AmBisome, we expect gross
margins in 2004 to remain relatively stable compared to 2003. 

 Research and
Development Expenses 

 In 2003, R D expenses were 31 of total costs and
expenses, excluding purchased in-process research and development expense. In
total, R D expenses were 164.9 million in 2003, compared with 134.8
million in 2002 and 185.6 million in 2001. The major components of R D
expenses consist of personnel costs, including salaries and benefits, clinical
studies performed by contract research organizations, materials and supplies,
and overhead allocations consisting of various support and facilities related
costs. Our R D activities are also separated into three main categories:
research, clinical development and pharmaceutical development. Research costs
typically consist of preclinical and toxicology work. Clinical development
costs include Phase 1, 2, and 3 clinical trials as well as expanded access
programs. Pharmaceutical development costs consist of product formulation and
chemical analysis. 

 The
following table breaks down research and development expenses into these major
components (in thousands): 

2003 

Change 

2002 

Change 

2001 

Research 

37,497 

35 

27,856 

(9 

30,535 

Clinical
 development 

90,547 

10 

82,261 

(23 

107,229 

Pharmaceutical
 development 

36,829 

49 

24,641 

(3 

25,392 

Oncology
 (divested) 

22,397 

Total 

164,873 

22 

134,758 

(27 

185,553 

T he 30.1 million
increase in R D spending in 2003 versus 2002 was attributable to increased
headcount and the clinical trials associated with the development of Emtriva
and the co-formulation of Viread and Emtriva. In addition, during 2003, we
settled a contractual dispute with a vendor that resulted in reimbursement to
us of 13.2 million that was recorded to research and development expense. W e expect R D expenses in 2004 to be
approximately 200 million to 220 million, or approximately 20 to 30 higher
than 2003 expenses, due primarily to costs associated with the development of
the fixed-dose combination of Viread and Emtriva. 

 The 50.8 million decrease in
R D spending in 2002 compared to 2001 was primarily due to the
reduction in expenses associated with the clinical program for Viread, which
was approved by the FDA for sale in the U.S. in October 2001, and the
elimination of expenses associated with our oncology program as 

42 

a result of the sale of
that program to OSI in December 2001 . Additionally,
in 2001 we recognized as expense 10.6 million of a 13.0 million up-front
license fee paid to Cubist Pharmaceuticals related to the European licensing
agreement for daptomycin, also known as Cidecin, signed in January 2001. Upon
termination of this agreement in September 2002, we recorded 2.0 million
of R D expense, which represented the remaining unamortized asset related
to the preclinical oral formulation of daptomycin . 

 Industry
reports indicate that a biopharmaceutical company generally takes 10 to 15
years (an average of 12 years) to research, develop and bring to market a new
prescription medicine in the U.S. These averages are generally consistent with
the projects that we develop internally, although our recent product
development timelines have been on a more accelerated basis. Drug development
in the U.S. is a process that includes several steps defined by the FDA. The
process begins with the filing of an IND, which, if successful, allows
opportunity for clinical study of the potential new medicine. Clinical
development typically involves three phases of study: Phase 1, 2, and 3, and
generally accounts for an average of seven years of a drug s total development
time. The most significant costs associated with clinical development are the
Phase 3 trials as they tend to be the longest and largest studies conducted
during the drug development process. We currently have products in development
that are in Phase 3 studies. The successful development of our products is
highly uncertain. Completion dates and R D expenses can vary significantly
for each product and are difficult to predict. Even after successful
development and FDA approval of a product, we undertake additional studies to
try and expand the product s label and market potential. For a more complete
discussion of the risks and uncertainties associated with completing the
development of products, see the Risk Factors That Affect Gilead section of
Item I above. 

 Selling, General
and Administrative Expenses 

 The
following table highlights selling, general and administrative expenses (in
thousands): 

2003 

Change 

2002 

Change 

2001 

Selling, general
 and administrative 

250,157 

38 

181,301 

45 

125,141 

The increase in expenses in 2003
compared to 2002 is primarily due to our global sales and marketing
efforts, including the expansion of our U.S. and European sales forces and
increased infrastructure investments required to support the growth of our
business. 

 The increase in expenses in 2002
compared to 2001 is primarily due to our global sales and marketing
efforts, including the expansion of our U.S. and European sales forces to support
the commercial launches of Viread and Hepsera. 

 In 2004, we expect
SG A expenses to be approximately 310 million to 330 million, or 25 to
30 higher than 2003 levels, primarily due to the increase in marketing
activities associated with the continued promotion of Viread, Emtriva, Hepsera
and AmBisome. 

 In-process Research
and Development 

 In connection with the acquisition of the net assets
of Triangle completed in January 2003, we recorded in-process research and
development expenses of 488.6 million in the first quarter of 2003. The charge
was due to Triangle s incomplete research and development programs that had not
yet reached technological feasibility and had no alternative future use as of
the acquisition date. 

 The remaining efforts for completion of Triangle s
research and development projects primarily consist of clinical trials, the
cost, length and success of which are extremely difficult to predict. Numerous
risks and uncertainties exist that could prevent completion of development,
including the ability to enroll patients in clinical trials, the possibility of
unfavorable results of our clinical trials, and the risk of failing to obtain
FDA and other regulatory body approvals. Feedback from regulatory authorities
or results from 

43 

clinical trials might
require modifications or delays in later stage clinical trials or additional
trials to be performed. We cannot be certain that emtricitabine for the
treatment of chronic hepatitis B, purchased from Triangle, will be approved in
the U.S. or the European Union or whether marketing approvals will have
significant limitations on its use. We have terminated our rights with respect
to the other potential products that we acquired with the acquisition of
Triangle. We also do not yet have approval of the fixed-dose combination
product containing tenofovir DF and emtricitabine. Future discussions with
regulatory agencies will determine the amount of data needed and timelines for
review, which may differ materially from current projections. The acquired products
under development may never be successfully commercialized. Emtriva, for
example, is a product with many similarities to other existing products. As a
result, it may be difficult to successfully penetrate the market and to achieve
significant revenues. In addition, emtricitabine for the treatment of chronic
hepatitis B faces significant uncertainties associated with pricing, efficacy,
and the cost to produce that may not be successfully resolved. As a result, we
may make a strategic decision to discontinue development of this product, as we
did with clevudine and amdoxovir, if we believe commercialization will be
difficult relative to other opportunities in our pipeline. If these programs
cannot be completed on a timely basis or at all, then our prospects for future
revenue growth would be adversely impacted. 

 The value of the acquired
in-process research and development was determined by estimating the related
future net cash flows between 2003 and 2020 using a present value risk adjusted
discount rate of 15.75 . This discount rate is a significant assumption and is
based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital adjusted upward for the
risks associated with the projects acquired. The projected cash flows from the
acquired projects were based on estimates of revenues and operating profits
related to the projects considering the stage of development of each potential
product acquired, the time and resources needed to complete the development and
approval of each product, the life of each potential commercialized product and
associated risks including the inherent difficulties and uncertainties in
developing a drug compound including obtaining FDA and other regulatory
approvals, and risks related to the viability of and potential alternative
treatments in any future target markets. 

 Asset Impairment 

 During 2003, we recorded
an asset impairment charge of 10.2 million on certain of our long-lived
assets, primarily leasehold improvements, manufacturing and laboratory
equipment. This non-cash charge was driven by the decision in December 2003
to terminate our liposomal research and development activities in San Dimas and
discontinue the DaunoXome product line. The
impairment was based on our analysis of the undiscounted cash flows to be
generated from the affected assets as compared to their carrying value. As the
carrying value exceeded the related estimated undiscounted cash flows, we wrote
the carrying value of the long-lived assets down to their estimated fair value. 

 Gain on Sale of
Oncology Assets 

 In December 2001, we
completed the sale of our oncology assets, pipeline of clinical stage oncology
products and related intellectual property, as well as our Boulder, Colorado
operations, including clinical research and drug development personnel,
infrastructure and facilities, to OSI. The pipeline of clinical candidates
includes NX 211 (liposomal lurtotecan), GS 7836 (a nucleoside analogue) and GS
7904L (a liposomal thymidylate synthase inhibitor). On the closing date, we
received 130.0 million in cash and OSI common stock valued at approximately
 38.8 million. We recorded a non-operating gain of 157.8 million and income
taxes of 3.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2001 as a result of this
transaction. 

 Loss on Sale of
Marketable Securities 

 In July 2002, we sold
all of our remaining shares of OSI common stock for approximately 22.0 million.
These shares were partial consideration for the sale of our oncology assets to
OSI in 

44 

December 2001,
at which time they were recorded at a fair market value of approximately 38.0
million. In connection with the sale of these remaining shares, we recognized a
non-operating loss of approximately 16.0 million in the year ended December 31,
2002. 

 Gain on Sale of
Unconsolidated Affiliate 

 In August 2001, we
sold our 49 percent interest in Proligo L.L.C. (Proligo) to Degussa Corporation
for 14.3 million in cash. Proligo was a joint venture between us and SKW
Americas, Inc. focused on the manufacturing of oligonucleotides. SKW
Americas, a subsidiary of Degussa Corporation, held the remaining 51 percent of
Proligo. The proceeds, net of our investment in Proligo, are reflected as an
 8.8 million gain on the sale of unconsolidated affiliate in 2001. 

 Interest and Other
Income, net 

 We recorded interest and
other income of 13.0 million in 2003, compared with 22.3 million in
2002 and 25.6 million in 2001. The decrease in 2003 compared to 2002 is
attributable to the significant decline in interest rates and a lower average
cash balance due to the acquisition of the net assets of Triangle and the
purchase of our Foster City campus, partially offset by positive cash flow from
operations. The decrease in 2002 compared to 2001 is attributable to the
significant decline in interest rates, partially offset by a higher average
cash balance due to positive cash flow from operations and to the proceeds from
the sale of the oncology assets to OSI. Interest income in 2004 will depend
principally upon prevailing interest rates, over which we have no control and
the level of our cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities balances. 

 Interest Expense 

 We incurred interest
expense of 21.9 million in 2003, compared with 13.9 million in 2002
and 14.0 million in 2001. The significant increase in 2003 over 2002 is
due to the full year of interest on our 345.0 million 2 convertible senior
notes, issued in December 2002. Interest expense for 2002 and 2001
consisted primarily of interest on the 250.0 million 5.0 convertible
subordinated notes, which were converted to common stock in December 2003.
We expect interest expense in 2004 to decrease as compared with 2003 primarily
due to the redemption of the 250.0 million 5 convertible subordinated notes
in December 2003. 

 Provision for
(Benefit from) Income Taxes 

 Our provision for (benefit from) income taxes was 95.5) million, 1.3 million and 4.1 million in 2003, 2002 and 2001,
respectively. The benefit in 2003 includes the reversal of our valuation
allowance against certain of our deferred tax assets. In December of 2003,
we concluded that it was more likely than not that we would realize a portion
of the benefit related to our deferred tax assets. Accordingly, we reduced the
valuation allowance against the assets and recorded a tax benefit of 111.6
million. The recognition of these deferred tax assets has no impact on our
current period cash flows. The recognition of these deferred tax assets
increased reported earnings per share due to the resulting benefit recorded in
the statement of operations from the reduction in our valuation allowance.
Partially offsetting the tax benefit recorded is income tax expense associated
with income earned by our foreign subsidiaries, foreign losses at lower rates
and the non-tax deductibility of the purchased in-process research and
development charge. We had significant net operating losses reducing our U.S.
liability. Excluding the benefit relating to the reversal of our valuation
allowance, and the write off of purchased in-process research and development,
our effective tax rate for 2003 was 5 . For 2004, we expect our effective tax
rate to be in the 32 to 35 range for the full year, reflecting a more
normalized tax rate going forward. 

45 

The income tax expense in
2002 and 2001 was primarily associated with income earned by our foreign
subsidiaries as we had significant net operating losses, which reduced our U.S.
tax liability. The significant increases in income tax expense in 2001 resulted
principally from the gain on the sale of our oncology assets to OSI, for which
we recorded approximately 3.3 million of federal and state alternative minimum
taxes. The provision for 2002 was reduced by a change in the U.S. income tax
law. This law allowed net operating loss carryforward deductions to offset 100 
of alternative minimum taxable income, resulting in a reduction of U.S. income
tax recorded in the previous years of 1.3 million. 

 Equity in Loss of
Unconsolidated Affiliate 

 In 2001, we recorded 2.1
million as our equity in the loss of our unconsolidated affiliate, Proligo. We
sold our 49 percent interest in August 2001. 

 Cumulative Effect
of Change in Accounting Principle 

 In 2001, we adopted
SFAS 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities , which resulted in a cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle of 1.1 million. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements for further discussion. 

 Liquidity and
Capital Resources 

 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
totaled 707.0 million at December 31, 2003, down from 942.4 million
at December 31, 2002. The decrease of 235.4 million was primarily
due to the acquisition of Triangle, for which the net cash impact was 375.5
million, and the purchase of our Foster City campus for 123.0 million. Other
major sources and uses of cash included net cash provided by operations of
 234.6 million and proceeds from issuances of stock under employee stock plans
of 83.8 million, partially offset by additional capital expenditures of 38.6
million. 

 Working capital at December 31, 2003 was 1,080.0
million compared to 1,078.9 million at December 31, 2002. Significant
changes in working capital during 2003 included a 97.1 million increase in
accounts receivable, a 46.5 million increase in inventory and a 197.6 million
increase in current deferred tax assets. The accounts receivable increase was
primarily due to increased sales of Viread in the U.S. and Europe. The 46.5
million increase in inventory was primarily due to an increase in the purchase
of raw materials and the production of Viread inventory to meet increasing
sales demand. The 197.6 million increase in current deferred tax assets was
due to the reversal of the valuation allowance against certain of our net deferred
tax assets. The 6.1 million increase in accounts payable is primarily due to
increases in our raw material purchases in support of Viread sales growth. 

 Significant changes in current liabilities during 2003
included a 44.5 million increase in accrued liabilities. The significant
components of the 44.5 million increase in accrued liabilities, exclusive of
the assumed liabilities associated with the acquisition of the net assets of
Triangle, consist of a 44.2 million increase in other accrued liabilities and
a 6.2 million increase in accrued compensation and employee benefits,
partially offset by a 5.9 million decrease in accrued clinical and preclinical
expenses. The 44.2 million increase in other accrued liabilities is primarily
due to Medicaid rebate obligations associated with higher sales of Viread, an
increase in our income taxes payable and an increase in the recorded liability
associated with the fair value of our forward currency contracts. The 6.2
million increase in accrued compensation is primarily due to increased bonus
accruals and the expansion of our sales force. The 5.9 million decrease in
accrued clinical and preclinical expenses is primarily due to decreasing
activity associated with the clinical trial programs for Viread and Hepsera. 

 In addition to the purchase of our Foster City campus,
we made capital expenditures of 38.6 million in 2003, compared to
 17.6 million in 2002 and 26.3 million in 2001. These expenditures
were primarily for facilities improvements to accommodate our growth, as well
as for laboratory and manufacturing 

46 

equipment. Capital
expenditures related to research and development were between 50 and 60 of
the 38.6 million spent in 2003, 20 to 25 of the 17.6 million spent in 2002
and 50 to 60 of the 26.3 million spent in 2001. We expect our capital
spending for 2004 to be 55.0 million to 65.0 million due to increased
infrastructure needs and higher R D spending associated with the pilot
plant we are constructing at our Foster City facilities. 

 In December 2002, we issued 345.0 million
of 2 convertible senior notes due December 15, 2007 in a private offering.
The notes are currently convertible into a total of up to 7,340,425 shares of
Gilead common stock at 47.00 per share. The 47.00 conversion price was higher
than Gilead s common stock price at the notes issuance date. The notes are
redeemable in whole or in part, at our option, at any time on or after June 19,
2004, at specified redemption prices plus accrued interest. Debt issuance costs
of 8.4 million incurred in connection with the issuance of the notes were
recorded as other noncurrent assets, and are being amortized to interest
expense on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the notes. 

 In December 2000, we issued 250.0 million
of 5 convertible subordinated notes due December 15, 2007 in a private
offering. The notes were convertible into a total of up to 10,178,116 shares of
Gilead common stock at 24.5625 per share. The 24.5625 conversion price was
higher than Gilead s common stock price at the notes issuance date. Gilead
called the 250.0 million 5 convertible subordinated notes for redemption
in November 2003 and converted them to Gilead common stock in December 2003.
Upon the conversion, the 4.6 million remaining balance of the related debt
issuance costs was reclassified to additional paid in capital. 

 We believe that our
existing capital resources, supplemented by cash generated from our operations,
will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future. Our
future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

 the
commercial performance of our current and future products, 

 the progress and scope of our research and development efforts,
including preclinical studies, and clinical trials, 

 the
cost, timing and outcome of regulatory reviews, 

 the expansion of our sales
and marketing capabilities, 

 administrative
expenses, 

 the
costs associated with our no-profit Global Access program for least developed
nations, 

 the possibility of acquiring
manufacturing capabilities or office facilities, 

 the possibility of
acquiring other companies or new products, and 

 the
establishment of additional collaborative relationships with other companies. 

 We may in the future
require additional funding, which could be in the form of proceeds from equity
or debt financings, such as from our universal shelf registration filing in December 2003
for the potential issuance of up to 500.0 million of our securities, or
additional collaborative agreements with corporate partners. If such funding is
required, we cannot assure that it will be available on favorable terms, if at
all. 

 Subsidiaries and
Other 

 We have established a
variety of subsidiaries in various countries for the purpose of conducting
business in those locations. All of these subsidiaries are consolidated in our
financial statements. We do not have any special purpose entities that are
unconsolidated in our financial statements. We are also 

47 

not
involved in any non-exchange traded commodity contracts accounted for at fair
value. We have no commercial commitments with related parties, except for
employee loans. 

 Contractual
Obligations 

 We have contractual obligations in the form of capital
and operating leases, notes payable, raw material supply arrangements and
clinical research organization contracts. 

 The
following table summarizes these contractual obligations (in thousands): 

Payments due by period 

Contractual Obligations 

Total 

Less than one 
 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

More than 5 
 years 

Long-term debt
 obligations 

345,000 

345,000 

Capital lease
 obligations 

563 

196 

367 

Operating lease
 obligations 

55,238 

7,036 

25,169 

12,838 

10,195 

Capital
 commitments(1) 

15,700 

15,700 

Inventory
 purchase obligations(2) 

70,536 

36,637 

33,899 

Clinical
 trials(3) 

53,638 

41,631 

8,631 

3,376 

Total 

540,675 

101,200 

68,066 

361,214 

10,195 

(1) At December 31, 2003,
we had firm capital project commitments of approximately 15.7 million, related
to our chemical development pilot plant currently under construction at our
Foster City facility. Our budgeted capital expenditures for 2004 are
significantly higher and we anticipate increasing our capital spending in
future years. 

 (2) At
December 31, 2003, we had firm commitments to purchase inventory-related
materials. The amounts disclosed only represent minimum purchase requirements.
Actual purchases may differ significantly from these amounts. 

 (3) At December 31, 2003, we had several
clinical studies in various clinical trial phases. Our most significant
expenditures are to contract research organizations. Although most contracts
are cancelable, we generally have not cancelled contracts. These amounts
reflect commitments based on existing contracts and do not reflect any future
modifications to existing contracts and anticipated or potential new contracts. 

 Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 

 In January 2003, the
FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 46 (FIN 46), Consolidation
of Variable Interest Entities ,
an Interpretation of ARB No. 51. FIN 46 requires certain variable interest
entities to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the
equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling
financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to
finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from
other parties. FIN 46 is effective immediately for all new variable interest
entities created or acquired after January 31, 2003. We did not create or
acquire any new variable interest entities after January 31, 2003. For
variable interest entities created or acquired prior to February 1, 2003,
the provisions of FIN 46, as amended, must be applied at the end of the first
interim or annual period ending after March 15, 2003. The adoption of FIN 46
did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

48 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Foreign Currency
Exchange Risk 

 Our operations include manufacturing and sales
activities in the U.S. as well as sales activities in Europe and Australia. As
a result, our financial results could be significantly affected by factors such
as changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic conditions in
the foreign markets in which we distribute our products. Our operating results
are exposed to changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and various
foreign currencies, the most significant of which are the Euro, the British
pound and the Australian dollar. When the U.S. dollar strengthens against these
currencies, the relative value of sales made in the respective foreign currency
decreases. Conversely, when the U.S. dollar weakens, the relative amounts of
such sales increase. Overall, we are a net receiver of foreign currencies and,
therefore, benefit from a weaker U.S. dollar and are adversely affected by a
stronger U.S. dollar relative to those foreign currencies in which we transact
significant amounts of business. 

 To mitigate the impact of changes in currency exchange
rates on cash flows from our foreign currency sales transactions, we enter into
foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge our foreign currency-denominated
accounts receivable. Additionally, to mitigate the impact of currency rate
fluctuations on our cash outflows for certain foreign currency-denominated
raw materials purchases, we enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to
hedge our foreign currency-denominated accounts payable. 

 A significant percentage of our product sales is
denominated in foreign currencies. Increases in the value of the U.S. dollar
against these foreign currencies in the past have reduced, and in the future
may reduce, our U.S. dollar return on these sales and negatively impact our
financial condition. Prior to 2002, we did not hedge our exposure to the impact
of fluctuating foreign exchange rates on forecasted sales. In January 2002,
we began to use forward contracts to hedge a percentage of our forecasted
international sales, primarily those denominated in the Euro currency. 

 The
following table summarizes the notional amounts, average currency exchange
rates and fair values of our open foreign exchange forward contracts at December 31,
2003. All contracts have maturities of one year or less. Average rates are
stated in terms of the amount of foreign currency per U.S. dollar. Fair values
represent estimated settlement amounts at December 31, 2003 (notional
amounts and fair values in U.S. dollars in thousands): 

Currency 

Notional Amount 

Average Rate 

Fair Value 
 December 31, 2003 

British Pound 

43,441 

0.7111 

(61 

Euro 

361,574 

0.8335 

(14,479 

The total notional amount
of 405.0 million and fair value of 14.5) million on our open foreign
exchange forward contracts at December 31, 2003 compares with a total
notional amount of 53.5 million and fair value of 1.1) million on our open
foreign exchange forward contracts at December 31, 2002. The significant
increase in outstanding contracts from 2002 to 2003 can be attributed to our
decision to expand the time horizon that we include from three months to twelve
months when hedging our forecasted international sales. This decision was made
due to the growth in our international business and the increasing fluctuations
in exchange rates, primarily the Euro. 

 Interest Rate Risk 

 Our portfolio of
available-for-sale investment securities and our fixed-rate liabilities create
an exposure to interest rate risk. With respect to the investment portfolio, we
adhere to an investment policy that requires us to limit amounts invested in
securities based on duration, industry group, investment type 

49 

and
issuer, except for securities issued by the U.S. government. The goals of our
investment policy, in order of priority, are as follows: 

 Safety
and preservation of principal and diversification of risk; 

 Liquidity
of investments sufficient to meet cash flow requirements; and 

 Competitive
after-tax rate of return. 

 The
following table summarizes the expected maturities and average interest rates
of our interest-bearing assets and fixed-rate liabilities at December 31,
2003 (dollars in thousands). 

Years ending December 31, 

Fair Value December 31 , 

2004 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2008 

Thereafter 

Total 

2003 

Assets 

Available-for-sale
 securities 

543,119 

76,104 

9,016 

628,239 

628,239 

Average interest
 rate 

1.5 

1.7 

1.3 

Liabilities 

Long-term
 obligations, including current portion(1) 

7,232 

4,217 

10,610 

10,709 

10,289 

12,744 

55,801 

55,801 

Average interest
 rate 

13.5 

13.8 

14.3 

20.7 

Convertible
 senior debentures 

345,000 

345,000 

472,650 

Interest rate 

2.0 

(1) Long-term
obligations consist of capital leases and operating leases (net of
noncancelable subleases). The interest portion of payments due is included. 

 International
Credit Risk 

 Our accounts receivable
balance at December 31, 2003 was 235.2 million compared to
 125.0 million at December 31, 2002. The growth was primarily due to
higher product sales for Viread in the U.S. and Europe. In certain countries
where payments are typically slow, primarily Greece, Spain, Portugal and Italy,
our accounts receivable balances are significant. In most cases, these slow
payment practices reflect the pace at which governmental entities reimburse our
customers. This, in turn, may increase the financial risk related to certain of
our customers. Sales to customers in countries that tend to be relatively slow
paying have in the past increased, and in the future may further increase, the
average length of time that accounts receivable are outstanding. At December 31,
2003, our past due accounts receivable for Greece, Spain, Portugal and Italy
totaled approximately 102.7 million, of which approximately
 59.0 million was more than 120 days past due. At December 31,
2002, past due receivables for these countries were 49.7 million, of
which approximately 26.6 million was more than 120 days past due. To
date, we have not experienced significant losses with respect to the collection
of our accounts receivable and we believe that all accounts receivable balances
as reflected on the consolidated balance sheet, including those due from
customers in these four countries, are collectible. We perform credit
evaluations of our customer s financial condition and generally have not
required collateral. 

50 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 The financial statements
required by this item are set forth beginning at page 60 of this report
and are incorporated herein by reference. 

 ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

 ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 (a) Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 An evaluation as of
December 31, 2003 was carried out under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures, which are defined under SEC rules as
controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within required time periods. Based upon
that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

 (b) Changes in
Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated any changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31,
2003, and has concluded that there was no change during such quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

51 

PART III 

 ITEM
10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

 The information required
by this Item concerning our directors and executive officers is incorporated by
reference to the sections of our Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the
SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with the 2004 Annual Meeting
(the Proxy Statement) under the headings Nominees , Executive Officers , Board
of Directors , Audit Committee and Compliance with Section 16(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . 

 ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 The information required
by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections of our Proxy
Statement under the headings Executive Compensation and Compensation
Committee Report . 

 ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

 The information required
by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement
under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management . 

 ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

 The information required
by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections of our Proxy
Statement under the headings Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation , Certain Transactions and Executive Compensation . 

 ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

 The information required
by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections of our
Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A
in connection with the 2004 Annual Meeting (the Proxy Statement) under the
headings Independent Accountants. 

 PART IV 

 ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

 (a) The following documents
are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

 (1) Index
list to Financial Statements: 

Report
 of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Auditors 

61 

Audited Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

62 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 

63 

Consolidated
 Statement of Stockholders Equity 

64 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 

65 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

66 

(2) Schedule II is
included on page 101 of this report. All other schedules are omitted
because they are not required or the required information is included in the
financial statements or notes thereto. 

 (3) Exhibits 

52 

The
following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference: 

Exhibit 
 Footnote 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description of Document 

(21) 

2.1 

Asset Purchase Agreement
 between Registrant and OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. dated as of
 November 26, 2001. 

(25) 

2.2 

Agreement and Plan of
 Merger, among Registrant, Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Registrant, and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated as
 of December 3, 2002. 

(20) 

3.1 

Amended and Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended. 

(1) 

3.2 

Bylaws of the
 Registrant, as amended and restated March 30, 1999. 

4.1 

Reference is made to
 Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2. 

(4) 

4.2 

Amended and Restated
 Rights Agreement dated as of October 21, 1999 between the Registrant and
 ChaseMellon Shareholder Services, LLC. 

(10) 

4.3 

Agreement and Plan of
 Merger dated February 28, 1999 by and among Registrant, Gazelle
 Acquisition Sub, Inc. and NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

(19) 

4.4 

Indenture dated as of
 December 18, 2000 between the Registrant and Chase Manhattan Bank and
 Trust Company, National Association, including therein the forms of the
 notes. 

4.5 

Indenture dated as of
 December 18, 2002 between the Registrant and J.P. Morgan Trust Company,
 National Association, including therein the forms of the notes. 

4.6 

Registration Rights
 Agreement dated as of December 18, 2002 between the Registrant and
 Goldman, Sachs Co. 

(35) 

4.7 

First Amendment to
 Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated as of October 29, 2003
 between the Registrant and Mellon Investor Services, LLC. 

(5) 

10.1 

Form of Indemnity
 Agreement entered into between the Registrant and its directors and executive
 officers. 

(5) 

10.2 

Form of Employee
 Proprietary Information and Invention Agreement entered into between Registrant
 and certain of its officers and key employees. 

(5) 

10.3 

Registrant s 1987
 Incentive Stock Option Plan and related agreements. 

(5) 

10.4 

Registrant s 1987
 Supplemental Stock Option Plan and related agreements. 

(1) 

10.5 

Registrant s Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan, as amended March 30, 1999. 

(26) 

10.6 

Registrant s 1991 Stock
 Option Plan, as amended and restated April 5, 2000, as amended
 January 18, 2001 and as amended January 30, 2002. 

(5) 

10.7 

Form of Non-Qualified
 Stock Option issued to certain executive officers and directors in 1991. 

(6) 

10.8 

Vintage Park Research
 and Development Net Lease by and between Registrant and Vintage Park
 Associates dated March 27, 1992 for premises located at 344B, 346 and
 353 Lakeside Drive, Foster City, California with related addendum, exhibits
 and amendments. 

53 

(5) 

10.9 

Letter Agreement, dated
 as of September 23, 1991 between Registrant and IOCB/REGA, with exhibits
 with certain confidential information omitted. 

(7) 

10.11 

Amendment Agreement,
 dated October 25, 1993 between Registrant and IOCB/REGA, and related
 license agreements and exhibits with certain confidential information
 omitted. 

(20) 

10.12 

Amendment Agreement,
 dated December 27, 2000 between Registrant and IOCB/REGA. 

(2) 

10.13 

Loan Agreement, dated as
 of October 1, 1994 among Registrant and Mark L. Perry and Melanie P.
 Pe a. 

(26) 

10.14 

Registrant s 1995 Non-Employee
 Directors Stock Option Plan, as amended January 26, 1999, and as
 amended January 30, 2002. 

(8) 

10.17 

Amendment No. 2 to
 Vintage Park Research and Development Lease by and between Registrant and WCB
 Seventeen Limited Partnership dated June 24, 1996 for premises located
 at 344B, 346 and 353 Lakeside Drive, Foster City, California. 

(9) 

10.18 

License and Supply
 Agreement between Registrant and Pharmacia Upjohn S.A. dated
 August 7, 1996 with certain confidential information omitted. 

(9) 

10.19 

Development and License
 Agreement between Registrant and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. and Hoffmann-La
 Roche Inc. dated September 27, 1996 with certain confidential
 information omitted. 

(3) 

10.21 

NeXstar
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s 1993 Incentive Stock Plan, adopted
 February 8, 1993, as amended. 

(13) 

10.22 

NeXstar
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s 1995 Director Option Plan, adopted July 25,
 1995. 

(14) 

10.23 

Vestar, Inc. 1988
 Stock Option Plan. 

(14) 

10.24 

Lease, dated
 March 26, 1987, between Vestar, Inc. and Majestic Realty Co. and
 Patrician Associates, Inc. and Amendment No. 1 thereto and
 Amendment No. 2 thereto, dated as of June 8, 1992. 

(12) 

10.25 

Third Amendment, dated
 January 11, 1996, between Majestic Realty Co. and Patrician
 Associates, Inc. and the Registrant, to Lease, dated March 26,
 1987, between Vestar, Inc. and Majestic Realty Co. and Patrician
 Associates, Inc. 

(15) 

10.26 

Assignment and Royalty
 Agreement, dated December 21, 1990, effective as of June 2, 1989,
 between Vestar, Inc. and City of Hope National Medical Center. 

(12) 

10.27 

License Agreement,
 effective as of August 12, 1986, between Vestar, Inc. and The
 Regents of the University of California. 

(14) 

10.28 

Agreement by and between
 Fujisawa USA, Inc. and Vestar, Inc., dated August 9, 1991, and
 Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated as of May 17, 1994. 

(13) 

10.29 

Amendment No. 2 to
 agreement between Fujisawa USA, Inc. and Vestar, Inc., dated as of
 April 3, 1995, between Fujisawa USA, Inc. and Vestar, Inc.
 with certain confidential information omitted. 

54 

(12) 

10.30 

Amendment No. 3 to Agreement between Fujisawa
 USA, Inc. and the Registrant, dated March 4, 1996, to the Agreement
 by and between Fujisawa USA, Inc. and Vestar, Inc., dated
 August 9, 1991. 

(14) 

10.31 

Lease, dated
 April 13, 1992, between Vestar, Inc. and Majestic Realty Co. and
 Patrician Associates, Inc. 

(12) 

10.32 

First Amendment to
 Lease, dated April 10, 1993, between Majestic Realty Co. and Patrician
 Associates, Inc. and Vestar, Inc. amending Lease, dated
 April 13, 1992, between Majestic Realty Co. and Patrician
 Associates, Inc. and Vestar, Inc. 

(11) 

10.33 

License and Distribution
 Agreement, dated September 26, 1997, by and between Sumitomo
 Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. and NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. with certain
 confidential information omitted. 

(16) 

10.34 

Settlement Agreement,
 dated August 11, 1997, by and among NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
 Fujisawa U.S.A., Inc. and The Liposome Company, Inc. with certain
 confidential information omitted. 

(17) 

10.35 

Amendment, dated
 April 30, 1998, between Sumitomo Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. and NeXstar
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to the License and Distribution Agreement, dated
 September 26, 1996, between Sumitomo and NeXstar
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

(24) 

10.36 

The Corporate Plan for
 Retirement Select Plan Basic Plan Document. 

(24) 

10.37 

The Corporate Plan for
 Retirement Select Plan Adoption Agreement. 

(24) 

10.38 

Addendum to the Gilead
 Sciences, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan. 

(22) 

10.39 

Licensing Agreement,
 dated April 26, 2002, by and between Gilead World Markets, Limited and
 Glaxo Group Limited. 

(23) 

10.40 

Employment Agreement,
 dated July 1, 2002, by and between Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Sharon
 Surrey-Barbari. 

(27) 

10.41 

Triangle
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 1996 Stock Incentive Plan. 

(27) 

10.42 

Option Agreement between
 Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Daniel G. Welch, dated August 5,
 2002. 

(28) 

10.43 

License Agreement among
 Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Emory University and the University of
 Georgia Research Foundation, Inc. for compound amdoxovir (DAPD), dated
 March 31, 1996. 

(28) 

10.44 

License Agreement
 between Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Emory University for
 Coviracil (FTC), dated April 17, 1996. 

(30) 

10.46 

Exclusive License
 Agreement among Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Glaxo Group Limited, The
 Wellcome Foundation Limited, Glaxo Wellcome Inc. and Emory University, dated
 May 6, 1999. 

(30) 

10.47 

Settlement Agreement
 among Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Emory University, Dr. David
 W. Barry, Glaxo Wellcome plc, Glaxo Wellcome Inc., Glaxo Group Limited and
 The Wellcome Foundation Limited, dated May 6, 1999. 

55 

(30) 

10.49 

First Amendment to License Agreement between
 Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Emory University, dated May 6,
 1999. 

(31) 

10.50 

First Amendment to
 License Agreement among Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Emory University
 and the University of Georgia Research Foundation, Inc., dated
 July 10, 2000. 

(31) 

10.51 

Second Amendment to
 License Agreement between Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Emory
 University, dated July 10, 2000. 

(32) 

10.54 

Supply and Manufacturing
 Agreement between Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Abbott
 Laboratories, dated July 30, 2002. 

(32) 

10.55 

Settlement and Exclusive
 License Agreement among Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Shire Biochem
 Inc., Shire Pharmaceuticals Group plc, Emory University and the University of
 Georgia Research Foundation, dated August 30, 2002. 

(33) 

10.56 

Second Amendment to
 License Agreement among Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Emory University
 and the University of Georgia Research Foundation, Inc., dated
 August 30, 2002. 

(38) 

10.62 

Manufacturing Supply
 Agreement between Gilead World Markets, Ltd. and PPG-Sipsy S.A.S, entered
 into as of January 1, 2003. 

(36) 

10.63 

Gilead
 Sciences, Inc. Severance Plan, as adopted effective January 29,
 2003 

(36) 

10.64 

Third Amendment to
 License Agreement between Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Emory
 University, dated May 31, 2002. 

(37) 

10.65 

Lease Agreement, dated
 June 12 th , 2003, between Registrant and GRA Associates
 Limited, L.L.C. for premises located at 4611 and 4615 University Drive,
 Durham, North Carolina 

+ 

10.66 

Master Clinical and
 Commercial Supply Agreement dated January 1, 2003 among Gilead World
 Markets, Ltd., Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Patheon Inc. 

+ 

10.67 

Toll Manufacturing
 Agreement dated August 1, 2003 by and among Gilead World Markets, Ltd.,
 Gilead Sciences, Inc. and ALTANA Pharma Oranienburg GmbH 

+ 

10.68 

Licensing Agreement,
 dated as of March 31, 2000 and amended on May 9, 2000,
 December 4, 2001 and April 12, 2002, by and between Gilead
 Sciences, Inc. and EyeTech Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

10.69 

Amendment No. 1 to
 Licensing Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2000 by and between EyeTech
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Gilead Sciences, Inc. 

10.70 

Amendment No. 2 to
 Licensing Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2001 by and between EyeTech
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Gilead Sciences, Inc. 

+ 

10.71 

Amendment No. 3 to
 Licensing Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2002 by and between EyeTech
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Gilead Sciences, Inc. 

+ 

10.72 

Amendment No. 1
 dated May 19, 2003 to Licensing Agreement dated 26 April 2002
 between Glaxo Group Limited and Gilead World Markets Limited 

56 

+ 

10.73 

Amendment No. 2 dated January 9, 2004 to
 Licensing Agreement dated 26 April 2002 between Glaxo Group Limited and
 Gilead World Markets Limited 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the
 Registrant. 

23.1 

Consent of
 Ernst Young LLP, Independent Auditors. 

24.1 

Power of Attorney.
 Reference is made to Signature Page. 

31.1 

Section 302
 Certification. 

31.2 

Section 302
 Certification 

32 

Section 906
 Certification 

(1) Filed
as an exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1998, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (2) Filed
as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended December 31, 1994, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (3) Filed
as an exhibit to NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended June 30, 1997, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (4) Filed
as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22,
1999, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (5) Filed
as an exhibit to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-55680),
as amended, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (6) Filed
as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended September 30, 1993, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (7) Filed
as an exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended March 31, 1994, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (8) Filed
as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended June 30, 1996, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (9) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
1996, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (10) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 1999,
and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (11) Filed as an exhibit to NeXstar
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1996, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (12) Filed as an exhibit to NeXstar
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (13) Filed as an exhibit to NeXstar
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended September 30, 1995, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (14) Filed as an exhibit to NeXstar
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1994, and incorporated herein by reference. 

57 

(15) Filed on March 22, 1991 as
an exhibit to NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-2
(File No. 33-39549), and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (16) Filed as an exhibit to NeXstar
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended September 30, 1997, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (17) Filed as an exhibit to NeXstar
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
1998, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (18) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1998, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (19) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-54350),
as amended, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (20) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2000, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (21) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 4,
2002, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (22) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
2002, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (23) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2002, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (24) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2001, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (25) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10,
2002, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (26) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-102912)
filed on January 31, 2003, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (27) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-102911)
filed on January 31, 2003, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (28) Filed as an exhibit to Triangle
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-11793),
as amended, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (30) Filed as an exhibit to Triangle
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended September 30, 1999, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (31) Filed as an exhibit to Triangle
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended September 30, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (32) Filed as an exhibit to Triangle
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19,
2002, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (33) Filed as an exhibit to Triangle
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended September 30, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 (35) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2003, and incorporated
herein by reference. 

 (36) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
2003, and incorporated herein by reference 

58 

(37) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
2003, and incorporated herein by reference 

 (38) Filed as an exhibit to
Registrant s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2002, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 + Certain confidential portions
of this Exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with an
asterisk (the Mark ). This Exhibit has been filed separately with the
Secretary of the SEC without the Mark pursuant to the Registrant s Application
Requesting Confidential Treatment under Rule 24b-2 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 (b) Reports
on Form 8-K 

 On October 28, 2003, the Company filed a Form 8-K
announcing the earnings of the Company for the third quarter and nine months
ended September 30, 2003. 

 On October 31, 2003, the Company filed a Form 8-K
announcing that the Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s
Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, originally adopted as of November 21,
1994 and amended and restated as of October 21, 1999. 

 On November 19, 2003, the Company
filed a Form 8-K announcing that a purported class action complaint
had been filed on November 10, 2003 in the United States District Court
for the Northern District of California against the Company and the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice Presidents of
Operations and Research and Development, and Senior Vice Presidents of
Manufacturing and Research. 

59 

GILEAD
SCIENCES, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 

 CONTENTS 

Report
 of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Auditors 

61 

Audited
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

62 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 

63 

Consolidated
 Statement of Stockholders Equity 

64 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 

65 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

66 

60 

REPORT OF ERNST YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT
AUDITORS 

 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Gilead Sciences, Inc. 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Gilead Sciences, Inc. as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2003. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed at Item
15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These financial
statements and schedule are the responsibility of the management of Gilead
Sciences, Inc. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and schedule based on our audits. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing
standards generally accepted in the United States. Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of Gilead Sciences, Inc. at December 31, 2003 and 2002, and
the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2003, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Also, in our
opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation
to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all
material respects, the information set forth therein. 

 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements, effective January 1, 2001, the Company changed its
method of accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities. 

 /s/
ERNST YOUNG LLP 

 Palo Alto, California 
January 23, 2004 

61 

GILEAD
SCIENCES, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
(in thousands, except per share amounts) 

December 31, 

2003 

2002 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

194,719 

616,931 

Marketable securities 

512,281 

325,443 

Accounts receivable, net
 of allowance for doubtful accounts of 10,644 at December 31, 2003 and
 5,329 at December 31, 2002 

235,217 

125,036 

Note receivable from
 Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

50,000 

Inventories 

98,102 

51,628 

Deferred tax assets 

197,567 

Prepaid expenses and
 other 

28,012 

14,722 

Total current assets 

1,265,898 

1,183,760 

Property, plant and
 equipment, net 

198,200 

67,727 

Noncurrent deferred tax
 assets 

52,494 

Other noncurrent assets 

38,130 

36,696 

1,554,722 

1,288,183 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

35,649 

24,406 

Accrued clinical and
 preclinical expenses 

11,859 

7,063 

Accrued compensation and
 employee benefits 

35,772 

21,511 

Other accrued
 liabilities 

97,002 

44,026 

Deferred revenue 

5,474 

7,692 

Long-term
 obligations due within one year 

139 

194 

Total current
 liabilities 

185,895 

104,892 

Long-term deferred
 revenue 

20,530 

16,677 

Long-term
 obligations due after one year 

323 

273 

Convertible senior debt 

345,000 

345,000 

Convertible subordinated
 debt 

250,000 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par
 value .001 per share, issuable in series; 5,000 shares authorized; none
 outstanding 

Common stock, par value
 .001 per share; 500,000 shares authorized; 213,253 and 197,595 shares issued
 and outstanding at December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2002,
 respectively 

213 

198 

Additional paid-in
 capital 

1,453,203 

950,308 

Accumulated other
 comprehensive income 

4,507 

2,475 

Deferred compensation 

(1,306 

Accumulated deficit 

(453,643 

(381,640 

Total stockholders 
 equity 

1,002,974 

571,341 

1,554,722 

1,288,183 

See accompanying notes 

62 

GILEAD
SCIENCES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
(in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Revenues: 

Product sales 

836,341 

423,879 

190,970 

Royalty revenue 

25,219 

20,406 

22,969 

Contract revenue 

6,304 

22,505 

19,830 

Total revenues 

867,864 

466,790 

233,769 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of goods sold 

112,691 

69,724 

43,764 

Research and development 

164,873 

134,758 

185,553 

Selling, general and administrative 

250,157 

181,301 

125,141 

In-process research and development 

488,599 

Asset impairment 

10,219 

Total costs and
 expenses 

1,026,539 

385,783 

354,458 

Income (loss)
 from operations 

(158,675 

81,007 

(120,689 

Gain on sale of
 oncology assets 

157,771 

Gain on sale of
 unconsolidated affiliate 

8,754 

Loss on sale of
 marketable securities 

(16,048 

Interest and
 other income, net 

13,039 

22,291 

25,591 

Interest expense 

(21,897 

(13,853 

(13,980 

Income (loss)
 before provision for (benefit from) income taxes, equity in loss of
 unconsolidated affiliate and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

(167,533 

73,397 

57,447 

Provision for
 (benefit from) income taxes 

(95,530 

1,300 

4,135 

Equity in loss of
 unconsolidated affiliate 

2,130 

Income (loss)
 before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 

(72,003 

72,097 

51,182 

Cumulative effect
 of change in accounting principle 

1,089 

Net income (loss) 

(72,003 

72,097 

52,271 

Amounts per
 common share basic: 

Income (loss) before cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle 

(0.36 

0.37 

0.27 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 

0.01 

Net income (loss) per share basic 

(0.36 

0.37 

0.28 

Shares used in
 per share calculation basic 

201,105 

195,543 

190,245 

Amounts per
 common share diluted: 

Income (loss) before cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle 

(0.36 

0.35 

0.25 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 

0.01 

Net income (loss) per share diluted 

(0.36 

0.35 

0.26 

Shares used in per share
 calculation diluted 

201,105 

206,477 

202,321 

See accompanying notes 

63 

GILEAD
SCIENCES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 
(in thousands) 

Common Stock 

Additional 
 Paid-In 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income 

Deferred 

Accumulated 

Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(Loss) 

Compensation 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance at
 December 31, 2000 

188,575 

189 

857,847 

(901 

(3 

(506,008 

351,124 

Net income 

52,271 

52,271 

Unrealized gain on
 available-for-sale 
 securities, net 

7,735 

7,735 

Foreign currency
 translation adjustment 

577 

577 

Unrealized gain on
 cash flow hedges, net 

37 

37 

Comprehensive
 income 

60,620 

Employee stock
 purchase plan 

368 

5,357 

5,357 

Option exercises,
 net 

4,098 

4 

30,950 

30,954 

Tax benefits of
 employee stock plans 

1,500 

1,500 

Amortization of
 deferred compensation 

3 

3 

Compensatory stock
 transactions 

2,879 

2,879 

Balance at
 December 31, 2001 

193,041 

193 

898,533 

7,448 

(453,737 

452,437 

Net income 

72,097 

72,097 

Unrealized loss on
 available-for-sale 
 securities, net 

(4,577 

(4,577 

Foreign currency
 translation adjustment 

(580 

(580 

Unrealized gain on
 cash flow hedges, net 

184 

184 

Comprehensive income 

67,124 

Employee stock
 purchase plan 

342 

6,701 

6,701 

Option exercises,
 net 

4,212 

5 

44,680 

44,685 

Tax benefits of
 employee stock plans 

350 

350 

Compensatory stock
 transactions 

44 

44 

Balance at
 December 31, 2002 

197,595 

198 

950,308 

2,475 

(381,640 

571,341 

Net loss 

(72,003 

(72,003 

Unrealized loss on
 available-for-sale 
 securities, net 

(4,022 

(4,022 

Foreign currency
 translation adjustment 

7,040 

7,040 

Unrealized loss on
 cash flow hedges, net 

(986 

(986 

Comprehensive loss 

(69,971 

Conversion of
 convertible subordinated debt 

10,178 

10 

245,382 

245,392 

Acquisition of
 Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

41,339 

(3,305 

38,034 

Employee stock
 purchase plan 

280 

8,238 

8,238 

Option exercises,
 net 

5,200 

5 

75,563 

75,568 

Tax benefits of
 employee stock plans 

132,363 

132,363 

Amortization of
 deferred compensation 

1,999 

1,999 

Compensatory stock
 transactions 

10 

10 

Balance at
 December 31, 2003 

213,253 

213 

1,453,203 

4,507 

(1,306 

(453,643 

1,002,974 

See accompanying notes 

64 

GILEAD
SCIENCES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
(in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

(72,003 

72,097 

52,271 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net
 cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation 

16,533 

13,189 

13,509 

Amortization 

4,326 

1,239 

1,182 

Purchased
 in-process research and development 

488,599 

Asset impairment 

10,219 

Net effect of
 change in accounting principle 

(1,089 

Gain on sale of
 oncology assets 

(157,771 

Gain on sale of
 unconsolidated affiliate 

(8,754 

Loss on sale of
 marketable securities 

16,048 

Equity in loss of
 unconsolidated affiliate 

2,130 

Net movement in
 provision for doubtful accounts 

4,879 

3,262 

(170 

Deferred tax
 assets 

(250,061 

Tax benefits from
 employee stock plans 

132,363 

350 

1,500 

Other non-cash
 transactions 

1,844 

3,480 

1,035 

Changes in operating
 assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

(97,086 

(43,890 

(25,482 

Inventories 

(46,474 

(12,348 

(18,718 

Prepaid expenses
 and other assets 

(10,806 

(8,915 

(2,734 

Accounts payable 

6,144 

5,232 

8,454 

Accrued
 liabilities 

44,495 

11,544 

11,495 

Deferred revenue 

1,635 

13,121 

(3,837 

Net cash provided
 by (used in) operating activities 

234,607 

74,409 

(126,979 

Investing activities: 

Purchases of
 marketable securities 

(934,759 

(490,259 

(377,725 

Proceeds from
 sales and maturities of marketable securities 

744,530 

603,678 

280,534 

Acquisition of
 Triangle net assets, net of cash acquired 

(375,507 

Acquisition of
 real estate 

(123,000 

Other capital
 expenditures 

(38,609 

(17,597 

(26,331 

Issuance of note
 to Triangle 

(50,000 

Proceeds from sale
 of oncology assets 

130,000 

Proceeds from sale
 of unconsolidated affiliate 

14,300 

Net cash provided
 by (used in) investing activities 

(727,345 

45,822 

20,778 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from
 issuances of common stock 

83,806 

51,386 

36,311 

Repayments of long-term
 debt 

(1,715 

(1,414 

(2,761 

Proceeds from
 issuance of convertible senior notes, net of issuance costs 

336,637 

Net cash provided
 by financing activities 

82,091 

386,609 

33,550 

Effect of exchange
 rate changes on cash 

(11,565 

(13,399 

(1,151 

Net increase
 (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(422,212 

493,441 

(73,802 

Cash and cash
 equivalents at beginning of year 

616,931 

123,490 

197,292 

Cash and cash
 equivalents at end of year 

194,719 

616,931 

123,490 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow
 information: 

Interest paid 

19,647 

12,657 

12,710 

Income taxes paid 

8,779 

851 

1,778 

Non-cash investing and financing
 activities 

OSI common stock
 received upon sale of oncology assets 

38,849 

Common stock
 issued upon conversion of debt 

250,000 

Reclassification
 of deferred debt issuance costs to additional paid-in capital upon
 conversion of subordinated debt 

4,608 

See accompanying notes 

65 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2003 

 1. ORGANIZATION
AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Overview 

 Gilead was incorporated in Delaware on June 22,
1987. We are a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops and
commercializes therapeutics to advance the care of patients suffering from
life-threatening diseases. We are a multinational company, with revenues from
six approved products and marketing operations in ten countries. We focus our
research and clinical programs on anti-infectives. Currently, we market Viread
(tenofovir disoproxil fumarate) and Emtriva (emtricitabine) for the treatment
of HIV infection; Hepsera (adefovir dipivoxil) for the treatment of chronic
hepatitis B infection; AmBisome (amphotericin B liposome for injection),
an antifungal agent; and Vistide (cidofovir injection) for the treatment of CMV
retinitis. Roche markets Tamiflu (oseltamivir phosphate) for the treatment of
influenza, under a royalty paying collaborative agreement with us. We are
seeking to add to our existing portfolio of products through our internal
discovery and clinical development programs and through an active product
acquisition and in-licensing strategy, such as our acquisition of the net
assets of Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. completed in January 2003. Our
internal discovery activities include identification of new molecular targets,
target screening and medicinal chemistry. In addition, we are currently
developing clinical stage products to treat HIV infection and chronic hepatitis
B. 

 The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Gilead and its wholly
and majority-owned subsidiaries. Significant intercompany transactions
have been eliminated. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to be
consistent with the current year presentation. 

 Stock Split 

 On February 22, 2001
and on March 8, 2002, Gilead completed two-for-one stock splits, effected
in the form of a stock dividend, to stockholders of record as of February 2,
2001 and February 14, 2002, respectively. Accordingly, all share and per
share amounts for all periods presented reflect both of these splits. 

 Change in
Accounting Principle 

 Gilead adopted Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) Nos. 133 and 138, collectively
referred to as SFAS 133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities ,in
the first quarter of 2001. The change was accounted for as a change in
accounting principle. See Note 2. 

 Critical Accounting
Policies, Estimates and Judgments 

 The preparation of these
consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses,
and related disclosure of assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis,
management evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition,
bad debts, inventories, income taxes, accrued clinical and preclinical
expenses, and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience and
on various other market specific and other relevant assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ significantly from these estimates. 

66 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

1. ORGANIZATION AND
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Revenue Recognition 

 We recognize revenue from product sales when there is
persuasive evidence an arrangement exists, delivery to the customer has
occurred, the price is fixed or determinable and collectibility is reasonably
assured. We do not provide our customers with a general right of product return.
However, we will accept returns of products in the U.S. that have expired for
one year after their expiration, or products that are deemed to be damaged or
defective when received by the customer. Upon recognition of revenue from
product sales, provisions are made for expected returns of expired products,
government reimbursements and customer incentives, such as cash discounts for
prompt payment. Estimates for government reimbursements and cash discounts are
based on contractual terms and expectations regarding the utilization rates for
these programs. Estimates for product returns, including new products, are
based on an on-going analysis of industry and historical return patterns, as
well as the purchase of third party data to assist the Company in monitoring
channel inventory levels and subsequent prescriptions. 

 Contract revenue for research and development is
recorded as performance occurs and the earnings process is completed based on
the performance requirements of the contract. Nonrefundable contract fees for
which no further performance obligations exist, and there is no continuing
involvement by Gilead, are recognized on the earlier of when the payments are
received or when collection is assured. 

 Revenue from non-refundable up-front license fees and
milestone payments where we continue involvement through development
collaboration or an obligation to supply product, is recognized as performance
occurs and performance obligations are completed. In accordance with the
specific terms of Gilead s obligations under the contract, revenue is
recognized as the manufacturing obligation is fulfilled or ratably over the
development period or the period of the manufacturing obligation, as
appropriate. 

 Revenue associated with substantive performance
milestones is recognized based upon the achievement of the milestones on
completion of all performance requirements, as defined in the respective
agreements. Revenue under research and development cost reimbursement contracts
is recognized as the related costs are incurred. 

 Advance payments received in excess of amounts earned
are classified as deferred revenue. 

 Royalty revenue from sales
of AmBisome is recognized in the month following that in which the
corresponding sales occur. Royalty revenue from sales of Vistide and Tamiflu is
recognized when received, which is the quarter following the quarter in which the
corresponding sales occur. 

 Shipping and
Handling Costs 

 Shipping and handling
costs incurred for inventory purchases and product shipments are recorded in Cost
of goods sold in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 Research and
Development Expenses 

 Major components of R D expenses consist of
personnel costs, including salaries and benefits, clinical studies performed by
contract research organizations (CRO s), materials and supplies, and overhead
allocations consisting of various administrative and facilities related costs. Our
research and development activities are also separated into three main
categories: research, clinical development and 

67 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

1. ORGANIZATION AND
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 pharmaceutical
development. Research costs typically consist of preclinical and toxicology
work. Clinical development costs include Phase 1, 2, and 3 clinical trials as
well as expanded access programs. Pharmaceutical development costs consist of
product formulation and chemical analysis. 

 We charge clinical and preclinical study costs to
expense when incurred, consistent with SFAS No. 2, Accounting
for Research and Development Costs . These costs are a significant
component of R D expenses. Most of our clinical and preclinical studies are
performed by third party CRO s. We accrue costs for clinical studies performed
by CRO s on a straight-line basis over the service periods specified in the
contracts and adjust our estimates, if required, based upon our on-going review
of the level of effort actually incurred by the CRO. Initially we estimate that
the work performed under the contracts occurs ratably over the service periods
to the expected milestone, event or total contract completion date. The
expected completion dates are estimated based upon the terms of the contracts
and past experience with similar contracts. We monitor levels of performance
under each contract including the extent of patient enrollment and other
activities through communications with our CRO s, and we adjust our estimates,
if required, on a quarterly basis so that our expenses reflect the actual
effort incurred by each CRO. 

 All of our material CRO
contracts are terminable by us upon written notice and Gilead is generally only
liable for actual effort expended by the CRO at any point in time during the
contract, regardless of payment status. Amounts paid in advance of services
being performed will be refunded if a contract is terminated. Some contracts
include additional termination payments that become due and payable only if
Gilead terminates the contract. Such additional termination payments are only
recorded to expense if the contract is terminated. 

 Advertising
Expenses 

 We expense the costs of
advertising, including promotional expenses, as incurred. Advertising expenses
were 43.4 million in 2003, 39.3 million in 2002, and 16.5 million in 2001. 

 Stock-Based
Compensation 

 In accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 123,
 Accounting For Stock-Based Compensation ,
as amended by SFAS No. 148 Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation Transition and Disclosure (SFAS 123) , we have elected to continue to follow Accounting
Principles Board Opinion (APB) No. 25, Accounting For Stock
Issued To Employees , and Interpretation No. 44 (FIN 44), Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation an
Interpretation of APB Opinion No. 25, in accounting for our
employee stock option plans. Under APB 25, if the exercise price of Gilead s
employee and director stock options equals or exceeds the fair value of the
underlying stock on the date of grant, no compensation expense is recognized. Although
we have elected to follow the intrinsic value method prescribed by APB 25,
we will continue to evaluate our approach to accounting for stock options in
light of ongoing industry and regulatory developments. 

68 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

1. ORGANIZATION AND
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 The table below presents
the combined net income (loss) and basic and diluted net income (loss) per
common share if compensation cost for the Gilead, NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
(NeXstar) and Triangle stock option plans and the employee stock purchase plan
(ESPP) had been determined based on the estimated
fair value of awards under those plans on the grant or purchase date in
accordance with SFAS 123 (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Net income
 (loss) as reported 

(72,003 

72,097 

52,271 

Add: Stock-based
 employee compensation expense included in reported net income (loss), net of
 related tax effects 

1,219 

44 

2,882 

Deduct: Total
 stock-based employee compensation expense determined under the fair value
 based method for all awards, net of related tax effects 

(61,429 

(72,137 

(50,081 

Pro forma net
 income (loss) 

(132,213 

4 

5,072 

Net income (loss)
 per share: 

Basic-as reported 

(0.36 

0.37 

0.28 

Basic-pro forma 

(0.66 

0.00 

0.03 

Diluted-as reported 

(0.36 

0.35 

0.26 

Diluted-pro forma 

(0.66 

0.00 

0.03 

The effect on net income (loss) and basic and diluted
net income (loss) per common share presented above is not likely to be
representative of the effects on net income (loss) and net income (loss) per
share pursuant to SFAS 123 in future years, due to subsequent years including
additional grants and years of vesting. 

69 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

1. ORGANIZATION AND
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Fair values of awards
granted under the stock option plans and ESPP were estimated at grant or
purchase dates using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The
Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the
fair value of traded options, which have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly
subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility. Because
our employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from
those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input
assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management s opinion
the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the
fair value of its employee stock options. We used the multiple option approach
and the following assumptions: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Expected life
 in years (from vesting date): 

Stock options 

1.84 

1.86 

1.95 

ESPP 

1.32 

1.31 

1.29 

Discount rate: 

Stock options 

2.8 

3.9 

4.6 

ESPP 

1.8 

3.0 

4.7 

Volatility 

78 

82 

83 

Expected dividend yield 

0 

0 

0 

Through the end of the third quarter of 2003, the fair
value of stock awards granted in 2003 was determined utilizing a volatility
rate of 80 . In the fourth quarter of 2003, we changed the volatility
assumption we used to arrive at a fair value for our stock awards from 80 to
52 . The most recent two-year time period was used for purposes of calculating
the expected volatility. After considering such factors as our stage of
development, the length of time that we have been a public company and several
drug approvals over the past few years which have enabled us to achieve
positive cash flow from operations, we believe this volatility rate better
reflects the expected volatility of our stock going forward. The 78 volatility
used in the table above represents the weighted average volatility of 80 for
the first three quarters and 52 for the fourth quarter. 

 The weighted average
estimated fair value of ESPP shares purchased was 19.63 for 2003, 18.54 for
2002 and 11.57 for 2001. 

 Per Share
Computations 

 For 2003, both basic and
diluted net loss per common share are computed based on the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during the period. The potential common
shares from convertible notes of 17.2 million shares and outstanding stock options
and warrants of 9.9 million shares were excluded from the computation of
diluted net loss per share in 2003, as their effect would be antidilutive. For
2002 and 2001, basic net income per common share is computed based on the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
net income per common share for 2002 includes the effects of approximately 10.9
million stock options but does not include the effect of the 250.0 million 5 
convertible notes, which would convert to approximately 10.2 million shares, or
the 

70 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

1. ORGANIZATION AND
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 345.0
million 2 convertible notes, which would convert to approximately 7.3 million
shares, as the effect of their assumed conversion is antidilutive. Diluted net
income per common share for 2001 includes the effects of approximately 12.1
million stock options and warrants, but does not include the effect of the
 250.0 million 5 convertible notes which would convert to approximately 10.2
million shares, as the effect of their assumed conversion is antidilutive. 

 Cash and Cash
Equivalents 

 We consider highly liquid
investments with insignificant interest rate risk and a remaining maturity of
three months or less at the purchase date to be cash equivalents. We may
enter into overnight repurchase agreements under which we purchase securities
with an obligation to resell them the following day. Securities purchased under
agreements to resell are recorded at face value and reported as cash and cash
equivalents. Under our investment policy, we may enter into repurchase
agreements (repos) with major banks and authorized dealers provided that such
repos are collateralized by U.S. government securities with a fair value of at
least 102 of the fair value of securities sold to Gilead. Other eligible
investments under our investment policy include commercial paper, money market
funds and other bank obligations. 

 Marketable
Securities 

 We determine the
appropriate classification of our marketable securities, which consists solely
of debt securities, at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation at
each balance sheet date. All of our marketable securities are classified as
available-for-sale and carried at estimated fair values and reported in either
cash equivalents or marketable securities. At December 31, 2003, cash and
cash equivalents include 116.0 million of securities designated as
available-for-sale 559.8 million at December 31, 2002). Unrealized
gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings
and reported as a separate component of stockholders equity. Interest income
includes interest, dividends, amortization of purchase premiums and discounts,
and realized gains and losses on sales of securities. The cost of securities
sold is based on the specific identification method. We regularly review all of
our investments for other-than-temporary declines in fair value. When we
determine that the decline in fair value of an investment below our accounting
basis is other-than-temporary, we reduce the carrying value of the securities
we hold and record a loss in the amount of any such decline. No such reductions
have been required during the past three years. 

 Concentrations of
Credit Risk 

 We are subject to credit risk from our portfolio of
cash equivalents and marketable securities. By policy, we limit amounts
invested in such securities by duration, industry group, investment type and
issuer, except for securities issued by the U.S. government. We are not exposed
to any significant concentrations of credit risk from these financial
instruments. The goals of our investment policy, in order of priority, are as
follows: safety and preservation of principal and diversification of risk;
liquidity of investments sufficient to meet cash flow requirements; and
competitive after-tax rate of return. 

 We are also subject to credit risk from our accounts
receivable related to product sales. A significant amount of our trade accounts
receivable arises from sales of AmBisome and Viread, primarily through 

71 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

1. ORGANIZATION AND
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 sales by our European
subsidiaries and export sales to our distributors in Europe. In certain
countries where payments are typically slow, primarily Greece, Spain, Portugal
and Italy, our accounts receivable balances are significant. In most cases,
these slow payment practices reflect the pace at which governmental entities
reimburse our customers. This, in turn, may increase the financial risk related
to certain of our customers. Sales to customers in countries that tend to be
relatively slow paying have in the past increased, and in the future may
further increase, the average length of time that accounts receivable are
outstanding. At December 31, 2003, our past due accounts receivable for
Greece, Spain, Portugal and Italy totaled approximately 102.7 million, of
which approximately 59.0 million was more than 120 days past due based on the
contractual terms of the receivables. At December 31, 2002, past due
receivables for these countries were 49.7 million, of which approximately
 26.6 million was more than 120 days past due. To date, we have not experienced
significant losses with respect to the collection of our accounts receivable
and believe that all our past due accounts receivable as reflected in the
consolidated balance sheet, including those due from customers in these four
countries, are collectible. We perform credit evaluations of our customer s
financial condition and generally have not required collateral. 

 Many of the materials that
we utilize in our operations are made at only one facility. For example, we
depend on single suppliers for high quality amphotericin B,
distearoylphosphatidylcholine and high quality cholesterol, each of which is
used in the manufacture of AmBisome. If supplies from our suppliers were
interrupted for any reason, we may be unable to ship Viread, AmBisome, Hepsera,
Emtriva or Vistide, or to supply any of our products in development for
clinical trials. 

 Inventories 

 Inventories are recorded
at the lower of cost or market, with cost determined on a first-in, first-out
basis. We periodically review the composition of inventory in order to identify
obsolete, slow-moving or otherwise unsaleable items. If such items are observed
and there are no alternate uses for the inventory, we will record a write-down
to net realizable value in the period that the units are identified as impaired.
Historically, inventory write-downs have been insignificant and
consistent with management s expectations. 

 Property, Plant and
Equipment 

 Property,
plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
amortization. Depreciation and amortization are recognized using the
straight-line method. Land is not depreciated. Estimated useful lives are as
follows (in years): 

Description 

Estimated Useful Life 

Buildings and improvements 

20 

Laboratory and
 manufacturing equipment 

4-10 

Office and
 computer equipment 

2-6 

Leasehold improvements 

Life of related lease 

72 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

 1. ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Office and computer
equipment includes capitalized computer software. All of our capitalized
software is purchased. We have no internally developed computer software. Leasehold
improvements and capitalized leased equipment are amortized over the shorter of
the lease term or the item s useful life. Capitalized interest on construction
in progress is included in property, plant and equipment. 

 Intangible Assets 

 Intangible assets with definite
lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are reviewed for
impairment when facts or circumstances suggest that the carrying value of these
assets may not be recoverable. Our in-place lease intangible asset is being
amortized over the remaining period of the related lease term as discussed in
Note 4. 

 Impairment of
Long-Lived Assets 

 The carrying value
of long-lived assets is reviewed on a regular basis for the existence of facts
or circumstances both internally and externally that may suggest impairment. Specific
potential indicators of impairment include: 

 a
significant decrease in the fair value of an asset; 

 a
significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used or a
significant physical change in an asset; 

 a
significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that
affects the value of an asset; 

 an
adverse action or assessment by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or
another regulator; 

 an
accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected
to acquire or construct an asset; and 

 operating
or cash flow losses combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or
a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with an
income-producing asset. 

 Should there be an
indication of impairment, we will test for recoverability by comparing the
estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the
asset and its eventual disposition to the carrying amount of the asset. In
estimating these future cash flows, assets and liabilities are grouped at the
lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely
independent of the cash flows generated by other such groups. If the
undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset,
an impairment loss, measured as the excess of the carrying value of the asset
over its fair value, will be recognized. The cash flow estimates used in such
calculations are based on management s best estimates, using appropriate and
customary assumptions and projections at the time. 

73 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

1. ORGANIZATION AND
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Foreign Currency
Translation, Transactions and Contracts 

 Adjustments resulting from translating the financial
statements of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars are excluded from the
determination of net income and are accumulated in a separate component of
stockholders equity. Net foreign exchange transaction gains (losses) are
reported as selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated
statements of operations. Such realized gains (losses) were 2.2) million
in 2003, 0.6 million in 2002 and 1.4) million in 2001. 

 We hedge certain of our foreign currency exposures
related to outstanding trade accounts receivable, firmly committed purchase
transactions, and forecasted product sales with foreign exchange forward
contracts. In general, these contracts do not expose us to market risk because
gains and losses on the contracts offset gains and losses on the transactions
being hedged. Our exposure to credit risk from these contracts is a function of
changes in interest and currency exchange rates and, therefore, varies over
time. Gilead limits the risk that counterparties to these contracts may be
unable to perform by transacting only with major U.S. banks. We also limit risk
of loss by entering into contracts that provide for net settlement at maturity.
Therefore, our overall risk of loss in the event of a counterparty default is
limited to the amount of any unrecognized and unrealized gains on outstanding
contracts (i.e., those contracts that have a positive fair value) at the date
of default. We do not enter into speculative foreign currency transactions and
do not write options. We presently do not hedge our net investment in any of
our foreign subsidiaries. In accounting for hedges of accounts receivable, we
record the changes in the fair value in selling, general and administrative
expense, as these derivative instruments are not designated as hedges under
SFAS 133. 

 We selectively hedge anticipated currency exposures by
purchasing forward contracts to hedge firmly committed purchases transactions
and anticipated product sales over the next year or less, which are designated
as cash flow hedges under SFAS 133. The unrealized gains and losses on the
underlying forward contracts are recorded in other comprehensive income and
recognized in earnings when the forecasted transaction occurs. At December 31,
2003 and December 31, 2002, we have net unrealized losses on our open
foreign exchange forward contracts of 14.5 million and 1.1 million,
respectively. Losses on revenue hedges reduced product sales by 2.8 million in
2003 and by 1.0 million in 2002. 

 We had notional amounts on forward exchange contracts
outstanding of 405.0 million at December 31, 2003 and
 53.5 million at December 31, 2002. All contracts have maturities of
one year or less. 

 See Note 2 for a further
discussion of derivative financial instruments and our adoption of SFAS 133. 

 Fair Value of
Financial Instruments 

 The Company s financial
instruments consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, marketable
securities, accounts receivable, certain other non-current assets, forward
foreign exchange contracts, accounts payable, long-term obligations and
convertible notes. Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and forward
foreign exchange contracts that hedge accounts receivable are reported at their
respective fair values on the balance sheet. Forward foreign exchange contracts
that hedge firmly committed purchases and sales are recorded at fair value, net
of the related deferred gain or loss, resulting in a reported net balance of
zero. The fair value of the convertible senior notes at December 31, 2003
was 

74 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

1. ORGANIZATION AND
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 472.6
million and the fair value at December 31, 2002 was 357.4 million. The
carrying value at the end of each period was 345.0 million. The fair
value of the convertible subordinated notes at December 31, 2002 was
 381.9 million and the carrying value was 250.0 million. Gilead called
the convertible subordinated notes for redemption in November 2003 and
converted them to Gilead common stock in December 2003. The fair values at
December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2002 for each of the convertible
notes were determined by obtaining quotes from a market maker for the notes. We
believe the remaining financial instruments are reported on the consolidated
balance sheet at amounts that approximate current fair values. 

 Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 

 In January 2003, the
FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 46 (FIN 46), Consolidation
of Variable Interest Entities ,
an Interpretation of ARB No. 51. FIN 46 requires certain variable interest
entities to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the
equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling
financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to
finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from
other parties. FIN 46 is effective immediately for all new variable interest
entities created or acquired after January 31, 2003. We did not create or
acquire any new variable interest entities after January 31, 2003. For
variable interest entities created or acquired prior to February 1, 2003,
the provisions of FIN 46, as amended, must be applied at the end of the first
interim or annual period ending after March 15, 2003. The adoption of FIN 46
did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

 2. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

 On January 1, 2001,
Gilead adopted SFAS 133. The standard requires that Gilead recognize all
derivatives as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. We enter
into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge against changes in the fair
value of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a non-functional
currency. If the derivative is designated as, and meets the definition of, a
fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the
hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. 

 The Company enters into foreign currency forward
contracts, generally with maturities of 12 months or less, to hedge future cash
flows related to purchase transactions and forecasted product sales in foreign
denominated currencies. These derivative instruments are employed to eliminate
or minimize certain foreign currency exposures that can be confidently
identified and quantified. In accordance with SFAS 133, hedges related to
anticipated foreign currency purchases of raw materials and forecasted product
sales designated and documented at the inception of the respective hedge are
designated as cash flow hedges and evaluated for effectiveness quarterly. As
the terms of the forward contract and the underlying transaction are matched at
inception, forward contract effectiveness is calculated by comparing the fair
value of the contract to the change in the forward value of the underlying
hedged item. The effective component of the hedge is recorded in accumulated
other comprehensive income. Substantially all values reported in accumulated
other comprehensive income at December 31, 2003 will be reclassified to
earnings within 12 months. Any residual changes in fair value of the
instruments or other ineffectiveness are 

75 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

2. DERIVATIVE
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued) 

 recognized immediately in
selling, general and administrative expense. Ineffectiveness during 2003 and
2002 was not significant. 

 As a result of entering into collaborations in prior
years, Gilead holds warrants to purchase stock in two non-public companies, one
of which completed its initial public offering in January 2004. See Note
10. These warrants have net exercise features and under SFAS 133 are classified
as derivative instruments. Upon adoption, Gilead recorded the fair value of one
of these warrants at 1.1 million with an offsetting adjustment to cumulative
change in accounting principle. 

 During 2003, a 5.1
million loss on hedging contracts has been recognized in the consolidated
income statement and a 1.0 million decrease in the fair value of derivatives
has been recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. At December 31,
2003, the fair value of derivatives included in accumulated other comprehensive
income is not material. 

 3. ACQUISITION OF
TRIANGLE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

 On January 23, 2003, we completed the acquisition
of all of the net assets of Triangle to expand our antiviral pipeline. Triangle
was a development stage company with a particular focus on potential therapies for
HIV, including AIDS, and the hepatitis B virus (HBV). Triangle s portfolio
consisted of several drug candidates in clinical trials, including Emtriva (emtricitabine) for the treatment
of HIV infection, emtricitabine for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B,
amdoxovir for the treatment of HIV infection and clevudine for the treatment of
chronic hepatitis B. In July 2003, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) approved for marketing Emtriva for
the treatment of HIV and in October 2003, the European Commission granted
Marketing Authorisation for Emtriva in all fifteen member states of the
European Union. 

 The Triangle acquisition has been accounted for as an
acquisition of assets rather than as a business combination in accordance with
the criteria outlined in Emerging Issues Task Force 98-3. Triangle was a
development stage company that had not commenced its planned principal
operations. It lacked the necessary elements of a business because it did not
have completed products and, therefore, no ability to access customers. The
results of operations of Triangle since January 23, 2003 have been
included in our consolidated financial statements and primarily consist of
research and development expenses and to a lesser extent, selling, general and
administrative expenses. 

 In December 2002, as part of the arrangements
contemplated by the proposed acquisition of Triangle by Gilead, a 50.0 million
loan was extended to Triangle for working capital and other corporate purposes.
Triangle issued to Gilead a 7.50 unsecured convertible promissory note. Upon
completion of the acquisition in January 2003, this loan was eliminated in
our consolidated financial statements. 

 The aggregate purchase price was 525.2 million,
including cash paid of 463.1 million for all of the outstanding stock, the
fair value of stock options assumed of 41.3 million, estimated direct
transaction costs of 14.2 million and employee related costs of 6.6 million. 

 As part of the purchase, we established a workforce
reduction plan and also assumed obligations under various change of control
agreements. As of the acquisition date, approximately 6.2 million of employee
termination costs and change of control obligations had been recorded as a
liability to be paid 

76 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

3. ACQUISITION OF TRIANGLE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (Continued) 

 out over a period of
approximately two years. At December 31, 2003, approximately 3.6 million
remained as a liability. 

 The
following table summarizes the purchase price allocation at January 23, 2003
(in thousands): 

Net tangible
 assets 

28,700 

Assembled
 workforce 

4,590 

Deferred
 compensation 

3,305 

In-process
 research and development 

488,599 

525,194 

The 28.7 million of net tangible assets includes
assumed liabilities of 20.8 million. The 4.6 million value assigned to the
assembled workforce was being amortized over three years, the estimated useful
life of the asset. The deferred compensation represents the intrinsic value of
the unvested stock options assumed in the transaction and will be amortized
over the remaining vesting period of the options, which extends through January 2007. 

 Upon the reversal of the deferred tax asset valuation
allowance in the fourth quarter of 2003, the remaining 3.2 million assembled
workforce asset was eliminated. See Note 18. 

77 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

3. ACQUISITION OF
TRIANGLE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (Continued) 

 Approximately 488.6
million of the purchase price was allocated to in-process research and
development and represented the fair value of Triangle s incomplete research
and development programs that had not yet reached technological feasibility and
had no alternative future use as of the acquisition date. A summary of these
programs at the acquisition date and updated for subsequent developments
follows: 

Program 

Description 

Status of Development 

Value
 (in millions 

Emtricitabine for
 HIV Single Agent 

A nucleoside analogue
 that has been shown to be an inhibitor of HIV replication in patients. 

Four phase 3 studies
 completed. U.S. marketing approval received from the FDA in July 2003
 and European Union approval received from the European Commission in
 October 2003. 

178.8 

Emtricitabine/ Tenofovir
 DF Fixed Dose Combination for HIV Therapy 

A potential
 co-formulation of tenofovir and emtricitabine. 

As of the acquisition
 date, work had not yet commenced on the potential co-formulation except to
 the extent that work on emtricitabine as a single agent was progressing. We
 have since successfully completed co-formulating tenofovir and emtricitabine
 into a single pill, completed three stability studies and a bioequivalence
 study required for approval. 

106.4 

Amdoxovir for HIV 

A purine dioxolane
 nucleoside that may offer advantages over other marketed nucleosides because
 of its activity against drug resistant viruses as exhibited in patients with
 HIV infection. 

Phase 2 trials at
 acquisition date. Effective January 28, 2004, we announced our intent to
 terminate the licensing agreement with Emory University and the University of
 Georgia Research Foundation, Inc. and development will be discontinued. 

114.8 

Clevudine for HBV 

A pyrimidine nucleoside
 analogue that has been shown to be an inhibitor of HBV replication in
 patients chronically infected with HBV. 

Phase 1/2 trials at
 acquisition date. Effective August 6, 2003, the licensing agreement with
 Bukwang Pharm. Ind. Co., Ltd was terminated and development was discontinued. 

58.8 

Emtricitabine for
 HBV 

An inhibitor of HBV
 replication in patients chronically infected with HBV. 

Phase 3 trial ongoing. 

29.8 

78 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

3. ACQUISITION OF
TRIANGLE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (Continued) 

The remaining efforts for completion of Triangle s
research and development projects primarily consist of clinical trials, the
cost, length and success of which are extremely difficult to predict. Numerous
risks and uncertainties exist that could prevent completion of development,
including the ability to enroll patients in clinical trials, the possibility of
unfavorable results of our clinical trials, and the risk of failing to obtain
FDA and other regulatory body approvals. Feedback from regulatory authorities
or results from clinical trials might require modifications or delays in later
stage clinical trials or additional trials to be performed. We cannot be
certain that emtricitabine for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B, purchased
from Triangle, will be approved in the U.S. or the European Union or whether
marketing approvals will have significant limitations on its use. We have
terminated our rights with respect to the other potential products that we
acquired with the acquisition of Triangle. We also do not yet have approval of
the fixed-dose combination product containing tenofovir DF and emtricitabine. Future
discussions with regulatory agencies will determine the amount of data needed
and timelines for review, which may differ materially from current projections.
The acquired products under development may never be successfully
commercialized. Emtriva, for example, is a product with many similarities to
other existing products. As a result, it may be difficult to successfully
penetrate the market and to achieve significant revenues. In addition,
emtricitabine for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B faces significant
uncertainties associated with pricing, efficacy, and the cost to produce that
may not be successfully resolved. As a result, we may make a strategic decision
to discontinue development of this product, as we did with clevudine and
amdoxovir, if we believe commercialization will be difficult relative to other
opportunities in our pipeline. If these programs cannot be completed on a
timely basis or at all, then our prospects for future revenue growth would be
adversely impacted. 

 The value of the acquired
in-process research and development was determined by estimating the related
future net cash flows between 2003 and 2020 using a present value risk adjusted
discount rate of 15.75 . This discount rate is a significant assumption and is
based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital adjusted upward for the
risks associated with the projects acquired. The projected cash flows from the
acquired projects were based on estimates of revenues and operating profits
related to the projects considering the stage of development of each potential
product acquired, the time and resources needed to complete the development and
approval of each product, the life of each potential commercialized product and
associated risks including the inherent difficulties and uncertainties in
developing a drug compound including obtaining FDA and other regulatory
approvals, and risks related to the viability of and potential alternative
treatments in any future target markets. 

 4. ACQUISITION OF REAL ESTATE 

 In September 2003, we completed the purchase of
our Foster City campus for approximately 123.0 million in cash. This purchase
included 16 buildings, totaling 496,000 square feet of office and laboratory
space on Lakeside Drive in Foster City, California. 

 In accordance with SFAS No. 141,
 Business Combinations and SFAS No. 142,
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets ,
the purchase price should be allocated between land, buildings and existing
in-place leases based on the estimated relative fair values. Land and buildings
were recorded at 45.1 million and 

79 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

4. ACQUISITION OF
REAL ESTATE (Continued) 

 71.4
million, respectively. The fair value of the buildings will be depreciated over
their remaining economic life estimated to be 20 years. We used the market
approach to value the existing leases we acquired and recorded an intangible
asset of approximately 6.5 million that will be amortized on a straight-line
basis to net rental income over approximately two years, the remaining term of
the leases. The net rental income we generate from these leases, after amortization
of the intangible asset, is included in interest and other income, net and was
approximately 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2003. Accumulated
amortization on the intangible asset was 0.8 million as of December 31,
2003. 

 5. ASSET IMPAIRMENT 

 During 2003, we recorded
an asset impairment charge of 10.2 million on certain of our long-lived
assets, primarily leasehold improvements, manufacturing and laboratory
equipment, which we have classified as held for use. This non-cash charge was
driven by the decision to terminate our liposomal research and development
activities in San Dimas and discontinue the DaunoXome product line. The impairment was based on our analysis of the
undiscounted cash flows to be generated from the affected assets as compared to
their carrying value. As the carrying value exceeded the related undiscounted
cash flows, we wrote the carrying value of the long-lived assets down to fair
value in accordance with SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . Fair value was derived
using an expected cash flow approach. 

 6. SALE OF ONCOLOGY
ASSETS 

 On December 21, 2001, Gilead completed the sale
of its oncology assets, pipeline of clinical candidates in oncology and all
related intellectual property, as well as our Boulder, Colorado operations,
including clinical research and drug development operations, infrastructure and
facilities, to OSI. The three clinical development candidates sold to OSI were:
NX 211 (liposomal lurtotecan), GS 7836 (a nucleoside analogue) and GS 7904L (a
liposomal thymidylate synthase inhibitor). As consideration, Gilead received
 130.0 million in cash and 924,984 shares of OSI common stock valued at
approximately 38.8 million as of December 21, 2001. The number of shares
issued to Gilead was determined by dividing 40.0 million by the average
closing sale price of OSI common stock for the 5 days preceding December 21,
2001. We are also entitled to additional
payments from OSI of up to 30.0 million in either cash or a combination
of cash and OSI common stock if and when OSI reaches certain development
milestones for NX 211, the most advanced of the oncology product candidates
sold to OSI. Milestone payments, if any, received from OSI will be
recognized as contract revenues upon receipt. Based upon the December 21,
2001 net book value of the oncology assets sold of 5.0 million, transaction
costs of 3.2 million, and 2.8 million related to the acceleration of
approximately 78,000 options to purchase Gilead common stock, we realized a
pretax gain of 157.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2001. The carrying value
of the transferred assets relates primarily to certain property and equipment. OSI
assumed all of Gilead s oncology-related clinical and preclinical obligations,
as well as various lease obligations. Under
a related manufacturing agreement, we will produce for OSI liposomal
formulations of NX 211 and GS 7904L, the two liposomal products sold to OSI, at
our manufacturing facility in San Dimas, CA. 

80 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

 7. SALE OF
MARKETABLE SECURITIES 

 In July 2002, Gilead
sold all of its remaining shares of OSI common stock for approximately 22.0
million. These shares were partial consideration for the sale of our oncology
assets to OSI in December 2001, at which time they were recorded at a fair
market value of approximately 38.0 million. In connection with the sale of
these remaining shares, we recognized a non-operating loss of approximately
 16.0 million that is reflected in our consolidated results of operations for
the year ended December 31, 2002. 

 8. AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE
SECURITIES 

 The
following is a summary of available-for-sale securities. Estimated fair values
of available-for-sale securities are based on prices obtained from commercial
pricing services (in thousands): 

Cost 

Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 

Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 

Estimated 
 Fair Value 

December 31, 2003 

U.S. treasury
 securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies 

167,825 

304 

(5 

168,124 

Corporate debt
 securities 

104,549 

256 

(15 

104,790 

Asset-backed
 securities 

208,557 

165 

(299 

208,423 

Other debt
 securities 

146,901 

146,901 

Total 

627,832 

725 

(319 

628,238 

December 31, 2002 

U.S. treasury
 securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies 

419,784 

1,781 

(9 

421,556 

Corporate debt
 securities 

102,891 

1,195 

(17 

104,069 

Asset-backed
 securities 

68,708 

852 

(6 

69,554 

Other debt
 securities 

290,018 

290,018 

Total 

881,401 

3,828 

(32 

885,197 

Other debt securities consist primarily of money
market funds. We also maintain other marketable securities of nominal value
recorded in other noncurrent assets. At December 31, 2003 and December 31,
2002, these securities have a net unrealized loss of approximately 0.8 million
and 0.1 million, respectively. 

 The
following table presents certain information related to sales of
available-for-sale securities (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Proceeds from
 sales 

579,362 

422,168 

143,684 

Gross realized
 gains on sales 

1,897 

3,492 

1,284 

Gross realized losses on
 sales 

(1,120 

(16,705 

(59 

81 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

8. AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE
SECURITIES (Continued) 

 At December 31, 2003,
 361.9 million of our portfolio of marketable securities (which excludes
 208.4 million of asset-backed securities) has a contractual
maturity of less than one year and 57.9 million of the portfolio has a
contractual maturity greater than one year but less than three years. None
of the estimated maturities of our asset-backed securities exceed
three years. 

 9. BALANCE SHEET DETAIL (in thousands) 

December 31, 

2003 

2002 

Inventories: 

Raw materials 

54,178 

24,840 

Work in process 

11,775 

16,548 

Finished goods 

32,149 

10,240 

Total 

98,102 

51,628 

Property, plant and equipment, net: 

Buildings and improvements (including leasehold
 improvements) 

146,445 

61,010 

Laboratory and manufacturing equipment 

35,819 

37,108 

Office and computer equipment 

34,193 

27,005 

Capitalized leased equipment 

16,333 

14,915 

Construction in progress 

10,292 

8,467 

243,082 

148,505 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(89,938 

(80,778 

Subtotal 

153,144 

67,727 

Land 

45,056 

Total 

198,200 

67,727 

Accrued compensation and employee benefits: 

Accrued bonuses 

13,313 

9,928 

Other accrued compensation and employee benefits 

22,459 

11,583 

Total 

35,772 

21,511 

Other accrued liabilities: 

Accrued Medicaid rebates 

22,097 

10,805 

Fair value of forward currency contracts 

15,096 

1,796 

Income taxes payable 

13,305 

2,997 

Accrued sales and marketing expenses 

5,883 

8,205 

Other liabilities 

40,621 

20,223 

Total 

97,002 

44,026 

82 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

10. COLLABORATIVE
ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS 

 Chiron Corporation 

 In August 2003, we
entered into a non-exclusive licensing agreement with Chiron Corporation (Chiron)
for the research, development and commercialization of small molecule
therapeutics against selected hepatitis C virus (HCV) drug targets. Under the
agreement, Gilead received non-exclusive rights to use Chiron s HCV technology
to develop and commercialize products for the treatment of HCV. Under the terms
of the agreement, we paid Chiron an up-front license fee that was recorded as
research and development expense as there is no future alternative use for this
technology. We also agreed to make additional payments to Chiron if certain
clinical and regulatory milestones are met and royalty payments in the event a
product is developed using the licensed technology. 

 Japan Tobacco Inc. 

 In July 2003, Gilead
entered into a licensing agreement with Japan Tobacco Inc. (Japan Tobacco)
under which Japan Tobacco will commercialize products in our HIV portfolio in
Japan. The agreement includes Viread, Emtriva and a future co-formulation of
the two products. Under the terms of the agreement, we received an up-front fee
and are entitled to receive additional cash payments upon achievement of
certain milestones. Japan Tobacco also will pay us a royalty on net sales, if
any, of these products in Japan. The up-front fee has been recorded as deferred
revenue and will be amortized into contract revenue over the period of our
remaining obligations under the agreement, approximately 14 years. 

 Emory University 

 In April 1996, Triangle obtained, and in January 2003
we acquired as part of our acquisition of Triangle, an exclusive worldwide
license to all of Emory University s rights to purified forms of emtricitabine
for use in the HIV and the hepatitis B fields. We are obligated to make certain
milestone and royalty payments to Emory, including annual minimum royalties
beginning the third year after the first FDA registration is granted for an
anti-HIV product incorporating the emtricitabine technology in the U.S. and the
third year after the first registration is granted for an anti-hepatitis B
product incorporating the emtricitabine technology in certain major market
countries, for the HIV and hepatitis B indications, respectively. In 2002,
Triangle began paying license maintenance fees because development milestones
had not yet been achieved. 

 The license agreement with
Emory terminates upon the later of patent expiration or the expiration of our
obligation to pay royalties. In addition, we have the right to terminate the
agreement in its entirety or with respect to one or both indications (HIV and
HBV) in one or more countries prior to expiration at any time upon 90 days
notice. 

 GlaxoSmithKline 

 In April 2002, Gilead and GSK entered into a
licensing agreement providing GSK the rights to commercialize Hepsera , our antiviral for the treatment
of chronic hepatitis B, in Asia, Latin America and certain other territories.
Under the agreement, we retained rights to Hepsera in the U. S., Canada,
Eastern and Western Europe, Australia and New Zealand. GSK received exclusive
rights to develop Hepsera solely 

83 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

10. COLLABORATIVE
ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS (Continued) 

 for the treatment of
chronic hepatitis B in all of its territories, the most significant of which
include China, Korea, Japan and Taiwan. In addition, GSK paid us an up-front
licensing fee of 10.0 million as the first payment against these additional
obligations and, may pay up to 30.0 million upon achievement by GSK of certain
regulatory, development and commercial milestones. Of this 30.0 million, 2.0
million was received for the U.S. approval of Hepsera in September 2002
and 2.0 million was received for the Canadian approval of Hepsera in August 2003.
GSK also will pay us a royalty on net sales, if any, of Hepsera in the GSK territories.
GSK will have full responsibility for development and commercialization of
Hepsera in GSK s territories. The 10.0 million up-front fee and 4.0 million
of approval fees have been recorded as deferred revenue with a total of 0.9
million and 0.5 million being recognized as contract revenue in 2003 and 2002,
respectively. The 12.6 million balance of deferred revenue at December 31,
2003 will be amortized into contract revenue over the period of our remaining
obligations under the agreement, approximately 12 years. 

 In December 2000, Gilead entered into an
agreement with Glaxo Wellcome, now GSK, giving Gilead the rights to GS 7904L, a
novel anti-tumor compound. Gilead was developing GS 7904L in a liposome and was
evaluating it in preclinical studies. Under the agreement, Gilead had exclusive
worldwide rights to develop and commercialize GS 7904L for all indications
other than malaria. Gilead paid GSK an up-front fee that was included in
R D expense in 2000. In December 2001, this compound was assigned to
OSI as part of the sale of oncology assets. 

 In May 1998, Gilead
entered into a three-part collaboration with GSK in which: (a) GSK
received a non-exclusive right to use Gilead s proprietary SELEX process for
target validation; (b) Gilead received exclusive rights (subject to GSK s
right to elect to participate in such activities) to develop and commercialize
NX 211, a liposomal formulation of GSK s proprietary topoisomerase I inhibitor
(lurtotecan); and (c) GSK acquired 1,457,028 shares of Gilead common stock
for 10.0 million in a private offering. In December 2000, the
collaboration and license agreement was modified. Under the revised terms of
agreement, GSK waived its right to participate in the development and
commercialization of NX 211 and its right to receive royalties, giving Gilead
exclusive rights to the compound. In December 2001, this compound was also
assigned to OSI as part of the sale of oncology assets. 

 Cubist
Pharmaceuticals 

 In September 2002,
Gilead and Cubist Pharmaceuticals jointly announced the termination of their
licensing agreement for the commercialization of Cidecin 
(daptomycin for injection) and an oral formulation of daptomycin. The
agreement, executed in January 2001, granted Gilead exclusive
commercialization rights to the products in 16 European countries following
regulatory approval. Under the terms of the termination agreement, Gilead does
not owe any future payments to Cubist, and Cubist reacquired all European
rights to both products. Upon termination, 2.0 million was recorded to
research and development expense, which represented the remaining unamortized
asset related to the preclinical oral formulation of daptomycin. 

84 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

10. COLLABORATIVE
ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS (Continued) 

 Archemix 

 In October 2001, we
entered into an agreement with Archemix Corporation relating to our SELEX
technology. Under this agreement, Archemix obtained the exclusive rights to the
SELEX process, including therapeutic and other commercial applications to the
extent not already licensed under pre-existing agreements. Archemix paid to us
 9.0 million in 2001 and 8.5 million in 2002. As required by our license
agreement with License Equity Holdings, Inc. (ULEHI), we paid 5 of these
receipts to ULEHI, therefore we recognized 8.1 million and 8.6 million as
revenue in 2002 and 2001, respectively. We also received a warrant to purchase
350,000 shares of Archemix common stock, the value of which is not material. As
required by our license agreement with ULEHI, we transferred 5 of this warrant
at that time. We have since transferred the remainder of the warrant to ULEHI.
No additional payments are due by Archemix under this agreement. 

 EyeTech 

 In March 2000, we
entered into an agreement with EyeTech Pharmaceuticals, Inc. relating to
our proprietary aptamer EYE001, now known as Macugen. Currently in Phase 3
clinical trials, Macugen is an inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor,
or VEGF, which is known to play a role in the development of certain ophthalmic
diseases. Under the terms of the agreement, EyeTech received worldwide rights
to all therapeutic uses of Macugen, and, if the product is successfully
commercialized, EyeTech will pay us royalties on worldwide sales of the
product. EyeTech also will be responsible for all research and development
costs. We provided clinical supplies of the product to EyeTech through March 2001.
We also received a 7.0 million up-front licensing fee from EyeTech in April 2000,
which was recognized as revenue ratably over the one-year supply agreement
period. Accordingly, 5.2 million of the license fee was recorded as
contract revenue under the agreement in 2000, and the remainder of the license
fee was recognized as revenue in 2001. We are also entitled to additional cash
payments from EyeTech of up to 25.0 million if and when EyeTech reaches
certain Macugen development milestones. Additionally, we received a warrant to
purchase 791,667 shares of EyeTech series B convertible preferred stock,
exercisable at a price of 6.00 per share, the price at which the stock was
issued to other investors. See Note 2 for a description of the accounting
treatment of the warrant. 

 Fujisawa 

 Our rights to market
AmBisome are subject to a 1991 agreement between Gilead and Fujisawa Healthcare, Inc.,
as successor to Fujisawa USA, Inc. (Fujisawa). Under the terms of the
Fujisawa agreement, as amended, Fujisawa and Gilead co-promote AmBisome in the
U.S. Fujisawa has sole marketing rights to AmBisome in Canada and we have
exclusive marketing rights to AmBisome in the rest of the world, provided we
pay royalties to Fujisawa in connection with sales in most significant Asian
markets, including Japan. In connection with U.S. sales, Fujisawa purchases
AmBisome from Gilead at cost. For sales in Canada, Fujisawa purchases AmBisome
at cost plus a specified percentage. Fujisawa collects all payments from the
sale of AmBisome in the U.S. and Canada. We receive 20 of Fujisawa s gross
profits from the sale of AmBisome in the U.S. Gross profits include a deduction
for cost of goods sold, giving us a current effective royalty rate of
approximately 17 of Fujisawa s net sales of AmBisome in 

85 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

10. COLLABORATIVE
ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS (Continued) 

 the U.S.
In connection with the agreement between us and Fujisawa, we recorded royalty
revenue of 12.5 million in 2003, 15.7 million in 2002 and
 17.1 million in 2001. 

 Sumitomo 

 In September 1996,
Gilead and Sumitomo entered into an agreement pursuant to which Sumitomo agreed
to develop and market AmBisome in Japan. Under the terms of the agreement,
Sumitomo paid us an initial 7.0 million licensing fee (less withholding
taxes of 0.7 million) in October 1996 and a 3.0 million
milestone payment (less withholding taxes of 0.3 million) in March 1998.
Sumitomo also is required to make additional payments to us if certain clinical
and commercial milestones are met and to pay us royalties on all Japanese AmBisome
sales. Under the agreement, Gilead is obligated to provide a certain quantity
of AmBisome to Sumitomo at no charge. AmBisome is not yet approved for
marketing in Japan. 

 Roche 

 In September 1996, Gilead entered into a
collaboration agreement with Roche to develop and commercialize therapies to
treat and prevent viral influenza (the Roche Agreement). Under the Roche
Agreement, Roche received exclusive worldwide rights to Gilead s proprietary
influenza neuraminidase inhibitors. Prior to 2000, Roche made license fee and
developmental milestone payments totaling 29.1 million. During 2000, Gilead
recognized 9.6 million of contract revenue from milestone payments from
Roche related to Tamiflu milestones achieved during the year. The milestones
included filing for regulatory approval in Japan for treatment of influenza,
the Japanese approval of the application, the filing for U.S. regulatory
approval for the prevention of influenza, and the receipt of such approval in
the U.S. In 2001, we recognized a 2.0 million milestone payment for the filing
of an application to market Tamiflu as a prophylaxis in the European Union. In
2002, we recognized 8.0 million in milestone payments for the European
approval of Tamiflu for treatment and prophylaxis. 

 As of December 31,
2003, Gilead is entitled to additional cash payments from Roche of up to
 1.6 million upon Roche achieving additional developmental and regulatory
milestones. In addition, Roche is required to pay Gilead royalties on net
product sales. Gilead began receiving royalties from Roche s sales of Tamiflu
in the first quarter of 2000. We recorded a total of 12.0 million of Tamiflu
royalties in 2003, 3.4 million of royalties in 2002 and 4.5 million of
royalties in 2001. We recognize royalty revenue from Roche in the quarter
following the quarter in which the related Tamiflu sales occur. 

 Pfizer 

 In August 1996, Gilead and Pfizer (formerly
Pharmacia Corporation) entered into a License and Supply Agreement (Pfizer
Agreement) to market Vistide in all countries outside the U.S. Under the terms
of the Pfizer Agreement, Pfizer paid Gilead an initial license fee of
 10.0 million. 

 Subsequent to the cumulative effect of the change in
accounting principle recorded effective in the first quarter of 2000, Gilead is
recognizing the initial license fee on a straight-line basis over the supply
arrangement period, which is sixteen years from the agreement date. The net
impact of the change in accounting principle for the Pfizer Agreement was to
increase the net loss in 2000 by 7.3 million. The 

86 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

10. COLLABORATIVE ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS (Continued) 

 cumulative effect of the
change in accounting principle related to the initial license fee from Pfizer
was a 7.9 million charge to results of operations, and additional
contract revenue of 0.6 million was recognized in 2000 subsequent to the
accounting change. The remaining 7.3 million of related deferred revenue
is expected to be recognized on a straight-line basis as contract revenue over
the remaining supply period, through 2013. 

 Under the terms of the
Pfizer Agreement and related agreements covering expanded access programs for
Vistide outside of the U.S., Gilead is responsible for maintaining the
cidofovir patent portfolio and for supplying to Pfizer bulk cidofovir used to
manufacture the finished Vistide product. Gilead is entitled to receive a
royalty based upon Pfizer s sales of Vistide. Gilead receives a portion of the
royalty upon shipping either bulk drug substance or Vistide to Pfizer, and the
remainder upon Pfizer s sale of Vistide to third parties. Any royalties that
Gilead receives before the product is sold to third parties are recorded as
deferred revenue until such third-party sales occur. At December 31,
2003, we have recorded on our balance sheet approximately 2.6 million of
such deferred revenue 1.9 million at December 31, 2002). We
recognized royalty revenue from sales of Vistide outside of the United States
by Pharmacia of 1.3 million in 2003, 1.3 million in 2002 and
 1.4 million in 2001. 

 IOCB/REGA 

 In 1991 and 1992, Gilead entered into agreements with
the Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry of the Academy of Sciences
of the Czech Republic and Rega Stichting (IOCB/REGA) relating to certain
nucleotide compounds discovered at these two institutions. Under the
agreements, Gilead received the exclusive right to manufacture, use and sell
these nucleotide compounds, and Gilead is obligated to pay IOCB/REGA a
percentage of net revenues received from sales of products containing the
compounds, subject to minimum royalty payments. The products covered by the
agreement include Vistide, Hepsera and Viread, but exclude Tamiflu. Gilead
currently makes quarterly payments to IOCB/REGA based on a percentage of
Vistide, Hepsera and Viread sales. 

 In December 2000, the
agreements with IOCB/REGA were amended to provide for a reduced royalty rate on
future sales of Hepsera or Viread, in return for an up-front payment from
Gilead of 11.0 million upon signing the agreement. This payment was
recorded as a long-term prepaid royalty and is classified in other noncurrent
assets on the balance sheet at December 31, 2003 and 2002. It is being
recognized as royalty expense over the expected commercial life of Viread and
Hepsera. Amortization of the 11.0 million payment began as of the product
launch dates of Viread and Hepsera and totaled 1.7 million through December 31,
2003. 

 Southern Research
Institute 

 In December 2000, Gilead entered into an
agreement with Southern Research Institute giving Gilead worldwide rights to
develop and commercialize GS 7836, an anti-tumor compound that Gilead was
evaluating in preclinical studies. Under the terms of the agreement, Gilead
paid Southern Research Institute an up-front fee, which was included in
research and development expense in 2000. In December 2001, this compound
was assigned to OSI as part of the sale of oncology assets. 

87 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

 11. INVESTMENT IN AND SALE OF
UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATE 

 In July 1998, we established Proligo L.L.C., a
Delaware limited liability company (Proligo), as a wholly owned subsidiary and
transferred all of the assets of the NeXstar Technology Products division to
Proligo. In August 1998, we sold a 51 interest (Interest) in Proligo to a
third party. As payment for the Interest, we received 15.0 million in
cash and a 49 interest in PerSeptive Biosystems GmbH, a company in Hamburg,
Germany, which specializes in the manufacture of nucleoside phosphoramidite
monomers. Prior to February 2000, we made two additional cash investments
in Proligo for a total of 5.0 million to maintain our 49 ownership
interest in Proligo. 

 We
accounted for our investment in Proligo using the equity method of accounting. During
2001, Gilead sold its 49 interest in Proligo to Degussa Corporation for 14.3
million in cash. The proceeds, net of Gilead s investment in Proligo, are
reflected as an 8.8 million gain on the sale of unconsolidated affiliate. In 2001, prior to the date of the sale, Gilead
recorded 2.1 million as equity in the loss of Proligo. 

 12. LONG-TERM OBLIGATIONS 

 Long-term
obligations consist of the following (in thousands): 

December 31, 

2003 

2002 

Capital lease
 obligations: monthly installments through 2007; interest rates ranging from
 6 to 21 

462 

361 

Fixed rate debt:
 monthly installments through 2003; secured by equipment; interest rates
 ranging from 2 to 11 

106 

Total long-term
 obligations 

462 

467 

Less current
 portion 

(139 

(194 

Long-term
 obligations due after one year 

323 

273 

Future
minimum lease payments under capital lease obligations are as follows (in
thousands): 

Year ending December 31, 

2004 

196 

2005 

184 

2006 

171 

2007 

12 

2008 

563 

Less amount
 representing interest 

(101 

Total 

462 

The terms of the various
agreements require us to comply with certain financial and operating covenants.
At December 31, 2003, we were in compliance with all such covenants. 

88 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

13. CONVERTIBLE NOTES 

 On December 18, 2002, Gilead issued
 345.0 million of 2 convertible senior notes due December 15, 2007
in a private offering to Goldman, Sachs Co. who resold the notes to
qualified institutional investors. The notes are convertible into a total of up
to 7,340,425 shares of Gilead common stock at 47.00 per share. The 47.00 conversion
price is higher than Gilead s common stock price on the note s issuance date. The
notes are redeemable in whole or in part, at the option of Gilead, at any time
on or after June 20, 2004, at specified redemption prices plus accrued
interest. Debt issuance costs of 8.4 million incurred in connection with
the issuance of the notes were recorded as other noncurrent assets, and are
being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the
contractual term of the notes. 

 On December 13, 2000,
Gilead issued 250.0 million of 5 convertible subordinated notes due December 15,
2007 in a private offering to J.P. Morgan Co., Lehman Brothers and
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, which resold the notes to private institutional
investors. The notes were convertible into a total of up to 10,178,116 shares
of Gilead common stock at 24.5625 per share. The 24.5625 conversion price was
higher than Gilead s common stock price on the note s issuance date. The notes
were redeemable in whole or in part, at the option of Gilead, at any time on or
after December 20, 2003, at specified redemption prices plus accrued
interest. Debt issuance costs of 8.2 million incurred in connection with
the issuance of thenotes were
recorded as other noncurrent assets, and were being amortized to interest
expense on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the notes. In November 2003,
Gilead called the convertible subordinated notes for redemption and converted
them to shares of common stock in December 2003. Upon conversion, the 4.6
million remaining balance of the related debt issuance costs was reclassified
to additional paid in capital. 

 14. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

 Lease Arrangements 

 We have entered into various long-term noncancelable
operating leases for equipment and facilities. 

 Facility leases in San Dimas, California and Durham,
North Carolina expire on various dates between 2006 and 2013. One of the San
Dimas leases contains two five-year renewal options. The Durham lease has two
seven-year renewal options. We also have operating leases for sales, marketing
and administrative facilities in Europe and Australia with various terms. Our
equipment leases include a corporate airplane, which has an initial term of two
years and an annual renewal option of up to ten years. 

 Lease expense net of sublease income under our
operating leases totaled approximately 15.5 million in 2003,
 13.4 million in 2002 and 12.0 million in 2001. 

89 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

14. COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES (Continued) 

 Aggregate noncancelable
future minimum rental payments under operating leases, net of aggregate future
minimum rentals to be received by us under noncancelable subleases, are as
follows (in thousands): 

Years ending December 31, 

Operating Leases, Net of 
 Noncancelable Subleases 

2004 

7,036 

2005 

4,033 

2006 

10,439 

2007 

10,697 

2008 

10,289 

Thereafter 

12,744 

55,238 

Future minimum rental
receipts due to us under noncancelable subleases are 6.1 million in 2004, 6.3
million in 2005 and 0.5 million in 2006. 

 Legal Proceedings 

 In 1997 we reached a settlement with Elan Corporation,
plc (Elan, the successor company to The Liposome Company) in which both
companies agreed to dismiss all legal proceedings involving AmBisome, Gilead s
liposomal formulation of amphotericin B. Under the terms of the initial
settlement agreement in 1997, we made an initial payment to Elan of
 1.8 million and agreed to make additional royalty payments through 2006,
based on AmBisome sales. In 1997, we recorded a 10.0 million accounting
charge for the accrued litigation settlement expenses, representing the
estimated net present value of all future minimum payments we were required to
make. In June 2002, Elan and Gilead entered into an agreement terminating
our remaining AmBisome payment obligations under the initial settlement
agreement in exchange for a payment to Elan of 7.3 million. The excess of the
 7.3 million settlement amount over the remaining accrued litigation settlement
expenses balance of 6.0 million is being amortized over the remaining life of
the patents, approximately four years. 

 On September 4, 2003, Gilead entered into a
Settlement Agreement and Release with University License Equity Holdings, Inc.
(ULEHI) and Archemix Corporation concerning rights to identify aptamers using
the SELEX technology licensed by ULEHI to Gilead. The Settlement Agreement and
Release resolves disputes among the parties arising out of Gilead s assignment
of rights to identify certain aptamers to Archemix. 

 On September 2, 2003, the County of Westchester,
New York Westchester served Gilead with a complaint which alleges that
Gilead and a large number of other pharmaceutical manufacturer defendants
report prices for products that overstate the Average Wholesale Price AWP ),
allegedly inflating reimbursement rates under the Medicaid Program and causing
Westchester to pay artificially inflated prices for covered drugs including, in
the case of Gilead, Viread. In addition, Westchester argues that the
defendants, including Gilead, did not accurately report the best price under
the Medicaid Program. The complaint asserts varying claims under the federal
RICO statutes, their state law corollaries, as well as state law claims for
deceptive trade practices and common law fraud. Gilead intends to vigorously
defend 

90 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

14. COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES (Continued) 

 itself against the
allegations. The complaint seeks an undetermined amount of damages, as well as
other relief, including declaratory and injunctive relief. 

 Other defendants in this lawsuit have been named in
numerous other lawsuits with comparable AWP allegations. To our knowledge,
Gilead has not been named in these other lawsuits. Were Gilead to be named and
served in other lawsuits with comparable AWP allegations, adverse results could
result in material damages. 

 A purported class action
complaint was filed on November 10, 2003 in the United States District
Court for the Northern District of California against Gilead and our Company s
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice Presidents of
Operations and Research and Development, and Senior Vice Presidents of
Manufacturing and Research. The complaint alleges that the defendants violated
the federal securities laws, specifically Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, by making certain alleged false and misleading statements.
The plaintiff seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a purported class of
purchasers of the Gilead s securities during the period from July 14, 2003
through October 28, 2003. Other similar actions were subsequently filed
and the court issued an order consolidating the lawsuits into a single action
on December 22, 2003. We believe that we have meritorious defenses to the
allegations contained in the complaint and intend to defend the case
vigorously. No trial date has been scheduled. On February 9, 2004, the
court issued an order appointing lead plaintiffs in the action, and these lead
plaintiffs have until March 25, 2004 to file a consolidated complaint. 

 In December 2003, two purported shareholder
derivative lawsuits were filed by individual shareholders on behalf of Gilead
against its directors and certain executive officers in the Superior Court of
the State of California, County of San Mateo alleging, among other things, that
defendants violated the California Corporations Code and breached fiduciary
duties owing to Gilead. Gilead is named as a nominal defendant. The plaintiffs
seek unspecified damages on behalf of Gilead in connection with alleged insider
trading during the period between July 14, 2003 and October 28, 2003
and defendants alleged breach of their fiduciary duties, abuse of control,
waste and mismanagement. The two cases were consolidated into a single action
on January 15, 2004 and plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint on February 12,
2004. No trial date has been scheduled. We intend to take all appropriate
action to defend our interests in connection with this litigation. 

 We are also a party to
various other legal actions that arose in the ordinary course of our business. We
do not believe that any of these other legal actions will have a material
adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial position. 

 15. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 Preferred Stock 

 Gilead has 5,000,000
shares of authorized preferred stock issuable in series. Our Board of Directors
(Board) is authorized to determine the designation, powers, preferences and
rights of any such series. We have reserved 400,000 shares of preferred stock
for potential issuance under the Preferred Share Purchase Rights Plan. There
was no preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2003 and December 31,
2002. 

91 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

15. STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (Continued) 

 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan 

 Under Gilead s Employee
Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), employees can purchase shares of Gilead common
stock based on a percentage of their compensation. The purchase price per share
must equal at least the lower of 85 percent of the market value on the
date offered or the date purchased. A total of 6.3 million shares of common
stock have been reserved for issuance under the ESPP. As of December 31,
2003, 4.9 million shares of the total shares reserved had been issued under the
ESPP (4.6 million shares as of December 31, 2002). 

 Stock Option Plans 

 In December 1987, Gilead adopted the 1987
Incentive Stock Option Plan and the Supplemental Stock Option Plan for issuance
of common stock to employees, consultants and scientific advisors. In April 1991,
the Board approved the granting of certain additional nonqualified stock
options with terms and conditions substantially similar to those granted under
the 1987 Supplemental Stock Option Plan. None of the options issued under the
plans described above had exercise prices that were less than the fair value of
the underlying stock on the date of grant. The options vest over
five years pursuant to a formula determined by the Board and expire after
ten years. No shares are available for grant of future options under any
of these plans. 

 In November 1991, Gilead adopted the 1991 Stock
Option Plan (1991 Plan) for issuance of common stock to employees and
consultants. Options issued under the 1991 Plan shall, at the discretion of the
Board, be either incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options. In May 1998,
the 1991 Plan was amended such that the exercise price of all stock options
must be at least equal to the fair value of Gilead s common stock on the date
of grant. The options vest over five years pursuant to a formula
determined by the Board and expire after ten years. The 1991 Plan was
amended and restated in April 2000 to extend the term of the plan through
2010. In May 2002 the stockholders approved an amendment to the 1991 Plan
that increased the total number of authorized shares under the plan from
47,000,000 to 53,000,000. At December 31, 2003, there were 9,570,258
shares available for grant of future options under the 1991 Plan. 

 In November 1995, Gilead adopted the 1995
Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan (Directors Plan) for issuance of
common stock to non-employee Directors pursuant to a predetermined formula. The
exercise price of options granted under the Directors Plan must be at least
equal to the fair value of Gilead s common stock on the date of grant. For
options granted before January 2003, vesting is over five years from
the date of grant in quarterly five percent installments. Initial options
granted after January 2003 to new Directors vest over three years from the
date of grant in equal annual installments. Annual grants thereafter to
existing Directors vest after 12 months. All options expire after ten years. In
May 2002, the stockholders approved an amendment to the Directors Plan
that increased the total number of authorized shares under the Plan from
2,200,000 to 2,800,000. At December 31, 2003, there were 781,200 shares
available for grant of future options under the Directors Plan. 

 Stock plans assumed by Gilead in the merger with NeXstar
include the 1988 Stock Option Plan (1988 Plan), the 1993 Incentive Stock Plan,
and the 1995 Director Option Plan (collectively, NeXstar Plans). Options
pursuant to the NeXstar Plans that were issued and outstanding as of July 29,
1999 have been 

92 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

15. STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (Continued) 

 converted into options to
purchase Gilead common stock as a result of the merger and remain subject to
their original terms and conditions. No shares are available for grant of future
options under any of the NeXstar Plans. 

 NeXstar s 1988 Plan allows certain option holders to
execute cashless exercises of options. In a cashless exercise transaction, the
option holder specifies how many shares will be exercised and Gilead issues the
specified number of shares, less the number that would be required to cover the
exercise price based on the fair value of the stock on the exercise date. During
2002 and 2001, several option holders performed cashless exercises. As a
result, such option awards are considered to be variable and, therefore, we
recognized a nominal amount of compensation expense in 2002 and 0.6 million in
2001. As of July 2002, there were no more options outstanding in this
category. 

 Stock plans assumed by Gilead in the acquisition of
the net assets of Triangle include the 1996 Stock Option Plan and a separate
plan for the chief executive officer of Triangle (collectively, Triangle Plans).
Options pursuant to each plan that were issued and outstanding as of January 23,
2003 have been converted into options to purchase approximately 2.0 million
shares of Gilead common stock as a result of the acquisition and remain subject
to their original terms and conditions. No shares are available for grant of
future options under either of the Triangle Plans. 

 The
following table summarizes activity under all Gilead, NeXstar and Triangle
stock option plans for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2003. All option grants presented in the table had exercise prices not less
than the fair value of the underlying stock on the grant date (shares in
thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Shares 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

Shares 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

Shares 

Weighted 
 average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

Outstanding, beginning of year 

21,060 

18.67 

21,686 

14.26 

21,672 

11.09 

Granted and assumed 

7,871 

41.74 

4,371 

33.37 

6,708 

21.11 

Forfeited 

(971 

32.57 

(785 

21.90 

(2,596 

16.10 

Exercised 

(5,200 

14.53 

(4,212 

10.61 

(4,098 

7.58 

Outstanding, end
 of year 

22,760 

27.00 

21,060 

18.67 

21,686 

14.26 

Exercisable, end
 of year 

9,998 

18.09 

9,275 

11.82 

9,022 

9.62 

Weighted average fair
 value of options granted 

27.36 

22.01 

14.29 

93 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

15. STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (Continued) 

 The following is a summary
of Gilead options outstanding and options exercisable at December 31, 2003
(options in thousands): 

Options Outstanding 

Options Exercisable 

Range of Exercise Prices 

Options 
 Outstanding 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Life in Years 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

Options 
 Exercisable 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise price 

0.45- 14.59 

5,772 

4.38 

10.08 

5,047 

9.51 

14.80- 27.20 

5,853 

6.93 

18.71 

2,976 

18.35 

27.32- 34.32 

6,288 

8.37 

33.37 

1,533 

33.02 

34.36- 140.93 

4,847 

9.02 

48.92 

442 

62.50 

Total 

22,760 

7.13 

27.00 

9,998 

18.09 

The Company has reserved
an aggregate of 11.7 million shares of common stock for future issuance under
equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2003, including 1.4 million
issuable under the ESPP and 10.3 million issuable under the 1991 and 1995 Stock
Option Plans. Approximately 7.3 million shares have been reserved for issuance
for the 2 senior convertible notes. 

 Preferred Share
Purchase Rights Plan 

 In November 1994, we adopted a Preferred Share
Purchase Rights Plan (Rights Plan). The plan provides for the distribution of a
preferred stock purchase right as a dividend for each share of Gilead common
stock. The purchase rights are not currently exercisable. Under certain
conditions involving an acquisition or proposed acquisition by any person or
group of 15 or more of our common stock, the purchase rights permit the
holders (other than the 15 holder) to purchase Gilead common stock at a 50 
discount from the market price at that time, upon payment of a specified
exercise price per purchase right. In addition, in the event of certain
business combinations, the purchase rights permit the purchase of the common
stock of an acquirer at a 50 discount from the market price at that time. Under
certain conditions, the purchase rights may be redeemed by the Board in whole,
but not in part, at a price of .0025 per purchase right. The purchase rights
have no voting privileges and are attached to and automatically trade with
Gilead common stock. 

 In October 1999 and
again in October 2003, the Board of Directors approved amendments to the
Rights Plan. The first amendment provided, among other things, for an increase
in the exercise price of a right under the plan from 15 to 100 and an
extension of the term of the plan from November 21, 2004 to October 20,
2009. The second amendment provides, among other things, for an increase in the
exercise price of a right under the plan from 100 (after adjusting for two 2-for-1
stock splits) to 400 and an extension of the term of the Rights Plan to October 27,
2013. 

 Acceleration of
Stock Options 

 In December 2001, we completed the sale of our
oncology assets to OSI. As part of this transaction, we accelerated
approximately 78,000 options to purchase Gilead common stock with a value of
 2.8 million. See Note 6 for further discussion. 

94 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

 16. COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

 The
following reclassification adjustments are required to avoid double-counting
net realized gains (losses) on sales of securities that were previously
included in comprehensive income (loss) prior to the sales of the securities
(in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Net gain (loss) on sales of securities 

777 

(13,213 

1,225 

Other
 comprehensive income: 

Net unrealized gain (loss) arising during the year 

(3,245 

(17,790 

8,960 

Reclassification adjustment 

(777 

13,213 

(1,225 

Net unrealized
 gain (loss) reported in other comprehensive income (loss) 

(4,022 

(4,577 

7,735 

The
balance of accumulated other comprehensive income as reported on the balance sheet
consists of the following components (in thousands): 

December 31, 

2003 

2002 

Net unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale
 securities 

(352 

3,670 

Net unrealized
 gain (loss) on cash flow hedges 

(765 

221 

Net foreign
 currency translation gain (loss) 

5,624 

(1,416 

Accumulated other
 comprehensive income 

4,507 

2,475 

17. DISCLOSURES ABOUT SEGMENTS OF AN
ENTERPRISE AND RELATED INFORMATION 

 SFAS No. 131, Disclosures about Segments
of an Enterprise and Related Information (SFAS 131), establishes
standards for the way public business enterprises report information about
operating segments in annual financial statements and requires that those
enterprises report selected information about operating segments in interim
financial reports. SFAS 131 also establishes standards for related disclosures
about products and services, geographic areas, and major customers. 

 The Company operates in one business segment, which
primarily focuses on the development and commercialization of human
therapeutics for infectious diseases. All products have been aggregated into
one segment, because a majority of our products, Viread and AmBisome, which
accounted for 90 of sales in 2003, have similar economic characteristics and
other similarities, including the nature of our products and production
processes, type of customers, distribution methods, and regulatory environment. 

 The Company derives its revenues primarily from
product sales of Viread and AmBisome as well as royalty and contract revenue. The
royalty revenue relates primarily to sales of AmBisome by Fujisawa as well as
sales of Tamiflu by Roche. Contract revenue relates to the licensing of the
SELEX process patent estate to Archemix, milestone payments from Roche related
to the development of Tamiflu, license and milestone payments from GSK related
to the development of Hepsera and license fees from EyeTech for the rights to
the aptamer EYE001, currently known as Macugen. 

95 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

17. DISCLOSURES
ABOUT SEGMENTS OF AN ENTERPRISE AND RELATED INFORMATION (Continued) 

 Product sales consist of
the following (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Viread 

566,478 

225,815 

15,586 

AmBisome 

198,350 

185,669 

164,533 

Other 

71,513 

12,395 

10,851 

836,341 

423,879 

190,970 

The
following table summarizes revenues from external customers and collaborative
partners by geographic region. Revenues are attributed to countries based on
the location of the customer or collaborative partner (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

United States 

443,506 

218,958 

63,888 

United Kingdom 

63,066 

43,427 

28,533 

France 

89,176 

42,417 

16,775 

Spain 

78,391 

33,591 

18,283 

Germany 

42,996 

29,461 

19,256 

Italy 

42,722 

20,818 

18,783 

Switzerland 

16,492 

12,445 

7,721 

Other European
 countries 

64,273 

47,527 

40,499 

Other countries 

27,242 

18,146 

20,031 

Consolidated total
 revenues 

867,864 

466,790 

233,769 

At December 31, 2003, the net book value of our
property, plant and equipment was 198.2 million. Approximately 95 of
such assets were located in the U.S. At December 31, 2002, the net book
value of property, plant and equipment was 67.7 million, and
approximately 89 of such assets were located in the U.S. 

 Product sales to three
distributors accounted for approximately 17 , 14 and 12 of total revenues in
2003. Product sales to these same three distributors accounted for
approximately 10 , 12 and 11 of total revenues in 2002. Product sales to any
one distributor in 2001 did not exceed 10 of total revenues. Total revenues
from Fujisawa, which included product sales and royalties, were approximately
3 of total revenues in 2003, 7 in 2002, and 15 in 2001. 

96 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

18. INCOME TAXES 

 The
provision for income taxes consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Federal 

Current 

5,175 

(1,300 

2,800 

Deferred 

(89,363 

(84,188 

(1,300 

2,800 

State 

Current 

1,016 

4 

506 

Deferred 

(20,824 

(19,808 

4 

506 

Foreign 

Current 

9,849 

2,596 

829 

Deferred 

(1,383 

8,466 

2,596 

829 

(95,530 

1,300 

4,135 

Foreign pre-tax loss was (79.7) million in 2002,
 (24.1) million in 2002 and (67.8) million in 2001. The Company s
foreign subsidiaries generated operating losses in 2003, 2002, and 2001
reflecting the costs of building a commercial infrastructure in Europe and the
foreign subsidiaries investment in the Company s research and development
efforts. 

 The
difference between the provision for taxes on income and the amount computed by
applying the federal statutory income tax rate to income (loss) before
provision for income taxes, equity in loss of unconsolidated affiliate and the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle is explained below (in
thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2002 

2001 

2001 

Income (loss)
 before provision for income taxes, equity in loss of unconsolidated affiliate
 and the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle 

(167,533 

73,397 

57,447 

Tax at federal statutory rate 

(58,636 

25,689 

19,532 

Previously
 unbenefitted net operating losses 

(150,842 

(23,601 

(19,339 

State taxes, net
 of federal benefit 

660 

4 

506 

Federal
 alternative minimum taxes 

5,175 

(1,300 

2,800 

Reversal of
 valuation allowance 

(111,570 

Purchased
 in-process research and development 

170,913 

Foreign losses at
 different rates 

45,689 

Foreign earnings
 at different rates 

3,081 

508 

636 

(95,530 

1,300 

4,135 

97 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

18. INCOME TAXES
(Continued) 

 The tax benefits associated with stock option exercises
and the employee stock purchase plan resulted in a cumulative tax benefit of
 134.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2003. Such benefit was
credited to additional paid-in capital when realized. 

 Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our
deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2003 and 2002 are
as follows (in thousands): 

December 31, 

2003 

2002 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

156,789 

126,424 

Research and
 other credits 

63,329 

43,700 

Capitalized
 research and development expenses 

6,961 

14,923 

Reserves and
 accruals not currently deductible 

26,458 

15,603 

Other, net 

55,698 

26,171 

Total deferred tax assets 

309,235 

226,821 

Valuation
 allowance 

(59,174 

(226,821 

Net deferred tax assets
 recognized 

250,061 

The valuation allowance decreased by 167.6 million
for the year ended December 31, 2003 and increased by 14.1 million
for the year ended December 31, 2002. 

 In December 2003, based upon the level of
historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the
periods that our deferred tax assets are deductible, we determined that it was
more likely than not that certain of our deferred tax assets will be realized
and therefore released the related valuation allowance. The reversal of the
valuation allowance resulted in a realization of income tax benefits of
approximately 111.6 million. The deferred tax asset attributable to the net
operating loss carryforwards included tax benefits of 129.5 million related to
the exercise of employee stock options, which benefits were recorded directly
to additional paid in capital. The reversal of the valuation allowance also
resulted in the reduction of the remaining assembled workforce asset of 3.2
million established upon the acquisition of Triangle. At December 31,
2003, we have a remaining valuation allowance of 59.2 million against the net
deferred tax asset as we have concluded, based on the standard set forth in SFAS No. 109,
 Accounting for Income Taxes , that it is
more likely than not that we will not realize any benefits from the related
deferred tax assets. We will assess the need for the valuation allowance at
each quarter end based on all available evidence. Approximately 11.0 million
of the valuation allowance at December 31, 2003 relates to tax benefits of
stock option deductions, which will be credited to additional paid-in capital
when realized. 

 At December 31, 2003, we had U.S. federal net
operating loss carryforwards of approximately 444.1 million and state net
operating loss carryforwards of approximately 23.6 million. The federal net
operating loss carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in 2018
through 2022, if not utilized. The state net operating loss carryforwards will
expire at various dates from 2004 through 2011, if not 

98 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

18. INCOME TAXES
(Continued) 

 utilized. In addition, we
had federal and state tax credit carryforwards of approximately 56.0 million
and 11.3 million respectively, which expire in the years 2004 through 2022. 

 Utilization of net
operating losses and credits may be subject to an annual limitation due to
ownership change limitations provided in the Internal Revenue Code and similar
state provisions. This annual limitation may result in the expiration of the
net operating losses and credits before utilization. 

 19. RETIREMENT SAVINGS PLAN 

 As of December 31,
2003, Gilead maintains one retirement savings plan under which eligible
employees may defer compensation for income tax purposes under Section 401(k) of
the Internal Revenue Code. Prior to January 1, 2001, Gilead maintained two
separate retirement savings plans. One plan primarily covered former NeXstar
employees (NeXstar Plan), and the other plan primarily covered Gilead s
remaining eligible employees (Gilead Plan). At December 31, 2000,
approximately 0.6 million, representing 13,857 shares of Gilead common
stock, was held by the NeXstar Plan in trust for plan participants. Effective January 2001,
the NeXstar Plan was terminated and combined with the Gilead Plan. The shares
of Gilead common stock held by the NeXstar Plan were subsequently liquidated
and the proceeds were deposited into the various other investment options
available under the Gilead plan. Under the Gilead Plan, employees may
contribute up to 15 of their eligible annual compensation. Effective January 1,
2000, Gilead began making matching contributions under the Gilead Plan. We
contribute up to 50 of an employee s first 6 of contributions up to an annual
maximum match of 2,500 . Our total
matching contribution for the Gilead Plan was 1.4 million in 2003, 1.2
million in 2002 and 1.2 million in 2001. 

 20. QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED) 

 The
following table is in thousands, except per share amounts: 

1st Quarter 

2nd Quarter 

3rd Quarter 

4th Quarter 

2003 (1)(2)(3) 

Total revenues 

165,105 

238,870 

200,372 

263,517 

Gross profit on
 product sales 

134,592 

198,562 

168,139 

222,357 

Total costs and
 expenses 

598,702 

131,098 

121,199 

175,540 

Net income (loss) 

(438,054 

100,372 

73,096 

192,583 

Net income (loss) per common share basic 

(2.21 

0.50 

0.36 

0.94 

Net income (loss)
 per common share diluted 

(2.21 

0.46 

0.33 

0.85 

99 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2003 

20. QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

1st Quarter 

2nd Quarter 

3rd Quarter 

4th Quarter 

2002 (4) 

Total revenues 

78,416 

109,363 

133,984 

145,027 

Gross profit on
 product sales 

58,669 

76,070 

99,789 

119,627 

Total costs and
 expenses 

85,359 

90,169 

98,067 

112,188 

Net income (loss) 

(3,850 

19,711 

20,757 

35,479 

Net income (loss) per common share basic 

(0.02 

0.10 

0.11 

0.18 

Net income (loss)
 per common share diluted 

(0.02 

0.10 

0.10 

0.17 

(1) In the first quarter of
2003, Gilead completed the acquisition of the net assets of Triangle and
recorded a charge of 488.6 million for in-process research and development. 

 (2) In the third quarter of
2003, Gilead was reimbursed 13.2 million of research and development expenses
resulting from the settlement of a contractual dispute with a vendor. 

 (3) In the fourth quarter of
2003, Gilead recorded non-cash impairment charges against certain long-lived
assets of 10.2 million and 0.7 million related to other asset write-downs. In
addition, we recorded an income tax benefit of 111.6 million related to the
reduction of the valuation allowance on certain of our net deferred tax assets. 

 (4) In the third quarter of
2002, Gilead realized a 16.0 million non-operating loss upon the sale of our
remaining shares in OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

100 

GILEAD
SCIENCES, INC. 
Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

Balance at 

Additions 

Balance at 

Beginning of 
 Period 

Charged to 
 Expense 

Charged to 
 Other 

Deductions 

End of 
 Period 

Year ended
 December 31, 2003: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

5,329 

4,879 

436 

10,644 

Allowance for sales returns 

5,032 

4,698 

733 

8,997 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

226,821 

167,647 

(1) 

59,174 

237,182 

9,577 

436 

168,380 

78,815 

Year ended
 December 31, 2002: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

2,579 

3,262 

512 

5,329 

Allowance for sales returns 

678 

4,902 

548 

5,032 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

212,700 

14,121 

(2) 

226,821 

215,957 

8,164 

14,121 

1,060 

237,182 

Year ended
 December 31, 2001: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

2,300 

467 

188 

2,579 

Allowance for sales returns 

581 

569 

472 

678 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

228,600 

15,900 

(3) 

212,700 

231,481 

1,036 

16,560 

215,957 

(1) Charged against current
tax expense and additional paid in capital. 

 (2) Charged to deferred tax
benefit. 

 (3) Charged against current
tax expense. 

101 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Gilead Sciences, Inc. 

By: 

/s/ John C. Martin 

John C. Martin 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS,
that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints John C.
Martin and Mark L. Perry, and each of them, as his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place, and stead, in any
and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report, and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in
connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could
do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by
the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/
 John C. Martin 

President and Chief
 Executive Officer, Director 

March 10,
 2004 

John C. Martin 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 John F. Milligan 

Executive Vice
 President, Chief Financial Officer 

March 10,
 2004 

John F. Milligan 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 James M. Denny 

Chairman of the Board of
 Directors 

March 10,
 2004 

James M. Denny 

/s/
 Paul Berg 

Director 

March 10,
 2004 

Paul Berg 

/s/
 Etienne F. Davignon 

Director 

March 10,
 2004 

Etienne F.
 Davignon 

/s/
 Cordell W. Hull 

Director 

March 10,
 2004 

Cordell W. Hull 

102 

/s/ Gordon E.
 Moore 

Director 

March 10, 2004 

Gordon E. Moore 

/s/
 George P. Shultz 

Director 

March 10,
 2004 

George P. Shultz 

/s/ Gayle E. Wilson 

Director 

March 10,
 2004 

Gayle E. Wilson 

103 

<EX-10.66>
 3
 a04-3258_1ex10d66.htm
 EX-10.66

Exhibit
10.66 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY
BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED. 

MASTER 

CLINICAL AND COMMERCIAL SUPPLY AGREEMENT 

AMONG 

GILEAD WORLD MARKETS, LIMITED 

AND 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 

AND 

PATHEON INC. 

JANUARY 1, 2003 

MASTER CLINICAL AND COMMERCIAL SUPPLY
AGREEMENT 

THIS
MASTER CLINICAL AND COMMERCIAL SUPPLY AGREEMENT (the Agreement made as of the 1st day of January, 2003 (the Effective Date among, on
the one hand, Gilead World Markets, Ltd., a Cayman Company Gilead World ),
whose registered address is Queensgate House, South Church Street, P.O. Box
1234GT, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, and Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware
corporation Gilead Sciences with its principal office located at 333
Lakeside Drive, Foster City, CA 94404 (Gilead World and Gilead Sciences
collectively, Gilead ), and, on the other hand, Patheon Inc., a Canadian
corporation Patheon having its principal place of business at 7070
Mississauga Road, Suite 350, Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L5N 7J8. Gilead and
Patheon are sometimes referred to herein individually as a Party 
and collectively as the Parties . 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS ,
Gilead Sciences will require the manufacture and supply of Drug Products (as
hereinafter defined) for clinical use and commercial distribution and sale in
the Territory and Gilead World will require the manufacture and supply of Drug
Products for commercial distribution and sale in the Territory; and 

WHEREAS ,
Patheon possesses suitable facilities to manufacture, package and test Drug
Products and will process, package and test Drug Products according to the terms
and conditions set forth below; and 

WHEREAS ,
Patheon is currently carrying out commercial manufacturing of Tenofovir DF
Tablets (with the trade name Viread and the generic name tenofovir disoproxil
fumarate) pursuant to that certain Commercial Supply Agreement dated August 1,
2001 between
Gilead World Markets (which was assigned from Gilead Irish Holdings, Inc. by
way of an Assignment of Agreement dated December 31, 2001) and Patheon Inc.
(the Viread
Agreement and; 

WHEREAS ,
the Parties now desire that this Agreement shall (i) replace the Viread
Agreement such that the Viread Agreement shall be of no further force and
effect for the Processing (as defined below) of new batches of tenofovir
disoproxil fumarate tablets from and after the Effective Date, and (ii) govern
the terms and conditions of clinical and commercial manufacturing of tenofovir
disoproxil fumarate tablets and any additional Drug Products as may be agreed
to between the Parties in writing from time to time as set forth below. For clarity, however, the Viread Agreement
shall continue to have full force and effect only with respect to Tenofovir DF
Tablets Processed between August 1, 2001 and December 31, 2002; and 

WHEREAS ,
Gilead and Patheon now desire to contract for such manufacturing on the terms
and conditions set forth herein; 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing premises
and the mutual covenants which are recited herein, the Parties agree as
follows: 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY
BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED. 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS AND SCHEDULES 

1.1 DEFINITIONS 

In this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the
following meanings: 

Act 
means the United States Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of 1938 (21 C.F.R. Section
201 et seq.) and any legal requirement of Canada, the European Union or other
jurisdiction within the Territory for any Drug Product, together with any
regulation promulgated under any of the foregoing, including, without
limitation, all Good Manufacturing Practices, in each case as amended from time
to time. 

Active
Pharmaceutical Ingredient or API shall mean, for each
Drug Product, the active drug substance of that Drug Product prior to
Processing, as listed on Exhibit A of the Product-Specific Appendix hereto for
that Drug Product. 

Affiliate 
shall mean any person, firm or corporation which, directly or indirectly,
through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, a Party to this Agreement. For purposes of this definition, control means the legal or
beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50 or more of the voting or equity
interests, or the power or right to direct the management and affairs of the
business (including acting as the general partner of a limited
partnership). A Gilead Affiliate is an
Affiliate of either or both of Gilead Sciences and Gilead World. 

Annual
API Cap shall mean, for each API, the value
identified as such in Exhibit C of the applicable Product-Specific Appendix. 

API
Specifications shall mean, with respect to a given
API, the Specifications for that API as set forth on Exhibit A of the
Product-Specific Appendix hereto for the corresponding Drug Product. 

Components 
shall mean, for each Drug Product, the labels, glue, product inserts and other
packaging materials required to be used for the production of that Drug Product
in accordance with the applicable Component Specifications. 

Component
Specifications shall mean, with respect to the
Components for a given Drug Product, the Specifications for Components set
forth on Exhibit A of the Product-Specific Appendix for that Drug Product. 

Confidential
Information shall have the meaning specified in
Section 8.2. 

Disposition
Package shall mean, with respect to any shipment of
Drug Product, the documentation and records defined pursuant to the relevant
Quality Agreement (as defined in Section 2.8), which may include copies of the
Certificate of Analysis, Certificate of Compliance, quality control
documentation and manufacturing batch records for such shipment; written 

confirmation that such batch records have been reviewed and approved by
Patheon quality assurance unit; and any other documentation required by law
that is in Patheon s possession and required by Gilead for the release of the
batch or batches of Drug Product in such shipment. 

Drug
Product shall mean a product set forth on Exhibit B
of any Product-Specific Appendix. 

Effective
Date shall mean January 1, 2003. 

Excipients 
shall mean, for each Drug Product, all materials other than the API and
Components described in the Specifications for such Drug Product as a
constituent part of such completed Drug Product. 

Excipient
Specifications shall mean, with respect to the
Excipients for a given Drug Product, the Specifications for such Excipients set
forth on Exhibit A of the Product-Specific Appendix hereto for such Drug
Product. 

Facility 
shall mean, for a given Drug Product, any Patheon manufacturing facility
identified in Exhibit C of the Product-Specific Appendix for that Drug Product,
or any other facility used for the Processing of that Drug Product that has
been approved by Gilead, in writing. 

FDA 
shall mean the United States government agency known as the Food and Drug
Administration, or any successor thereto. 

Gilead s
Actual Standard API Costs shall mean, for a given API
in a given Year, the amount established in accordance with Section 4.7. 

Good
Manufacturing Practices or cGMPs shall mean the
current Good Manufacturing Practices for manufacturing finished products as set
forth in the Act, and any other equivalent laws, rules or regulations or current
good manufacturing practices specified by a Regulatory Authority, which are
applicable to Patheon. 

Intellectual
Property shall mean any intellectual property rights
including, without limitation, rights in patents, patent applications,
formulae, trade-marks, trade-mark applications, trade secrets, Inventions,
copyright, industrial designs and know-how. 

Inventions 
 shall mean any invention, innovation, improvement,
development, discovery, computer program, device, trade secret, method,
know-how, process, technique or the like, whether or not written or otherwise
fixed in any form or medium, regardless of the media on which it is contained
and whether or not patentable or copyrightable. 

Inventory 
shall mean all inventories of Materials and work-in-process produced or held by
Patheon in connection with the Processing of Drug Product but, for greater
certainty, does not include any API. 

Master
Batch Records shall mean, for a given Drug Product,
the then-current procedures to be followed by Patheon with respect to the
Processing, handling and storage of that Drug Product and the corresponding
API, as contemplated in Exhibits A and B of the Product-Specific Appendix for
that Drug Product. 

Materials 
shall mean Excipients and Components as they are utilized in Processing. 

Patheon
Manufacturing Responsibilities shall
have the meaning outlined in Section 3.2(a). 

Processing 
shall mean the manufacturing, quality control, quality assurance and stability
testing, packaging and related services, as contemplated in this Agreement,
required to produce Drug Product from API and Materials. Process, Processing and Processed 
shall have analogous meanings. 

Product-Specific
Appendix shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 2.1(a). 

Regulatory
Authority shall mean the FDA and any other
governmental authority (whether national, federal, provincial and/or local) in
the Territory that is a counterpart to the FDA or otherwise has jurisdiction
over the manufacture or approval of any Drug Product. 

Regulatory
Filing shall mean any filing with or approval by a
Regulatory Authority regarding a Drug Product or its manufacture. 

Specifications 
shall mean, with respect to a Drug Product, the procedures, test results,
requirements, standards and other data and documentation with respect to such
Drug Product and the Excipients and Components therefor, as set forth in
Exhibits A and B of the Product-Specific Appendix for that Drug Product, as may
be revised from time to time in accordance with the terms set forth in Section
4.5 below. 

Territory 
shall mean the geographical area set forth in Exhibit C of each
Product-Specific Appendix hereto for a given Drug Product. 

Third
Party Rights shall mean the Intellectual Property of
any third party. 

Year 
shall mean, for each Drug Product, the period between the effective date of the
Product-Specific Appendix for that Drug Product (as set forth in Exhibit C of
the Product-Specific Appendix for such Drug Product) until December 31 of the
year of such effective date, and thereafter, the twelve-month period commencing
upon the completion of the immediately preceding Year. 

Yearly
Minimum Volume shall mean the yearly minimum volume
of each Drug Product to be purchased by Gilead as more particularly set forth
in Exhibit C of the applicable Product-Specific Appendix. 

1.2 SCHEDULES. 

The following Schedules and Product-Specific Appendices as of the
Effective Date are annexed hereto and form part of this Agreement: 

Schedule A : 

Yield Calculation Schedule 

Schedule B : 

Quality Agreements 

Schedule C-1 : 

Form of Product Specifications (Exhibit A
 to Appendix ) of {Drug Name} 

Schedule C-2: 

Form of Finished Product Specifications and
 Testing Requirements (Exhibit B to Appendix ) of {Drug Name} 

Schedule C-3 : 

Form of Pricing and API Schedule (Exhibit C
 to Appendix ) of {Drug Name} 

APPENDIX 1 - TENOFOVIR DISOPROXIL FUMARATE 

Exhibit A to Appendix 1 - Tenofovir
 disoproxil fumarate : Drug Substance, Excipient and
 Components Specifications 

Exhibit B to Appendix 1 - Tenofovir
 disoproxil fumarate : Finished Product Specifications
 and Testing Requirements 

Exhibit C to Appendix 1 - Tenofovir
 disoproxil fumarate : Pricing and API Schedules 

APPENDIX 2 - ADEFOVIR DIPIVOXIL 

Exhibit A to Appendix 2 Adefovir
 dipivoxil : Drug Substance, Excipient and Components
 Specifications 

Exhibit B to Appendix 2 - Adefovir
 dipivoxil : Finished Product Specifications and
 Testing Requirements 

Exhibit C to Appendix 2 - Adefovir
 dipivoxil : Pricing and API Schedules 

ARTICLE II 
 
PURCHASE AND SUPPLY 

2.1 Purchase
and Supply Agreement . 

(a) This
Agreement including the Schedules and Appendices annexed hereto shall serve as
a master commercial supply agreement governing the manufacture, purchase and
supply of Drug Products between the Parties. 
The Parties have agreed, as of the Effective Date, to product-specific
terms governing the purchase and supply of two (2) Drug Products, Gilead s
tenofovir disoproxil fumarate and adefovir dipivoxil products, as reflected in
Appendices 1 and 2. Subject to Section
2.1(b), the Parties may agree to the manufacture, purchase and supply of
additional drug products by agreeing to additional product-specific terms, each
in the form of a new Appendix to this Agreement signed and delivered by a
representative of the applicable Party, annexed hereto and incorporated herein
once executed and delivered (each, a Product-Specific Appendix ). Each Product-Specific Appendix shall be
substantially in the form of Schedule C (e.g. C-1, C-2 and C-3) attached
hereto, and shall include, at a minimum, the following for the applicable Drug
Product: (a) an Exhibit A setting forth
the API, API Specifications, Excipients, Excipient Specifications, Components,
Component Specifications, and Disposition Package for the Drug Product covered
by such Product-Specific Appendix; (b) an Exhibit B setting forth the finished
product Specifications; and (c) an Exhibit C setting forth the pricing terms,
Facility(ies), Territory, Yearly Minimum Volume, Drug Product costs and yields,
effective date and initial term. 

(b) Solely
Gilead Sciences shall be Patheon s counterparty to Product-Specific Appendices
for the [ ] supply of any Drug
Product [ ] or for any [ ] supply of any Drug Product [ ] . 
Solely Gilead World shall be Patheon s counterparty to Product-Specific
Appendices for the [ ] supply of
any Drug Product [ ] . Solely Gilead Sciences will have the rights
and obligations of Gilead hereunder to the extent pertaining to [ ] supply of Drug Products [ ] or for any [ ] supply of any Drug Product for [ ] , in each case for which Gilead Sciences is party to the
relevant Product-Specific Appendices. Solely Gilead World will have the rights
and obligations of Gilead hereunder to the extent pertaining to [ ] supply of Drug Products for [ ] for which Gilead World is party to the
relevant Product-Specific Appendices. 
Gilead World agrees to an obligation to provide to Patheon a written
guarantee by Gilead Sciences, as Gilead World s ultimate parent company, of
Gilead World s performance under this Agreement, and, in satisfaction of such
obligation, Gilead Sciences hereby guarantees to Patheon the performance by
Gilead World of Gilead World s obligations under this Agreement. 

(c) Changes
to the Product-Specific Appendices may only be made by prior written agreement
of the Parties. If any Product-Specific
Appendix conflicts with the body of this Agreement, the body of this Agreement
shall control, except to the extent that such Product-Specific Appendix
explicitly references particular Sections of the body of this Agreement that do
not apply, or only partially apply, with respect to such Product-Specific
Appendix, and describes the extent to which such Sections shall not apply. In such event, with respect to the subject
matter covered by the explicitly referenced Sections of the body of this
Agreement as applied to such Product-Specific Appendix, such Product-Specific
Appendix and not the body of this Agreement shall control. 

(d) During
the Term (as such term is defined in Section 9.1) of this Agreement, Gilead
agrees to buy, and Patheon agrees to supply, such quantities of each Drug
Product for sale in the Territory as may be set forth on Firm Orders placed by
Gilead in 

accordance with Section 2.4 at the prices set forth in Exhibit C of the
applicable Product-Specific Appendices, as may be revised from time to time in
accordance with Article IV hereof. 

(e) Minimum
Volumes of Purchases. Patheon
acknowledges that Gilead may obtain a portion of its requirements for any Drug
Product from third parties; provided, however, Gilead agrees to purchase from
Patheon the Yearly Minimum Volume for each Drug Product as more particularly
set forth in Exhibit C of the applicable Product-Specific Appendix. 

2.2 Drug
Product And Materials Specifications And Testing . Patheon shall, in Processing a Drug Product, use Excipients and
Components that conform to the Excipient Specifications and Component
Specifications, respectively, for such Drug Product. Such conformance will be
verified in accordance with the testing standards and procedures specified
therefor in the applicable Specifications. The Parties acknowledge that such
Specifications and testing standards and procedures as set forth in Exhibits A
or B of the applicable Product-Specific Appendix may need to be refined and
modified with changes that are necessary or appropriate according to applicable
Regulatory Authority requirements, or as otherwise requested by Gilead in
writing. If such a change in the
Specifications is needed or proposed, Section 4.5 shall apply. 

2.3 Orders
and Forecasts . Gilead shall provide
Patheon with the following: 

(a) concurrent
with the execution of this Agreement for the first two (2) Drug Products and
concurrent with the execution of any Product-Specific Appendix for an
additional Drug Product, a written non-binding [ ] month forecast of the volume of each Drug Product that
Gilead then anticipates will be required to be produced and delivered to Gilead
during the following [ ] month
period. Such forecast will be updated
by Gilead monthly on a rolling [ ] 
month basis and updated forthwith upon Gilead determining that the volumes for
the first [ ] months contemplated
in the most recent of such forecasts has changed by more than [ ] ; and, 

(b) on
or before the [ ] day of each
calendar month, firm written orders Firm Orders covering the supply for each
Drug Product on the basis of [ ] 
units, to be produced and delivered to Gilead on a date not less than [ ] from the first day of the calendar
month immediately following the date that the Firm Order is submitted. 

(c) on
or before [ ] , in each Year, a
written non-binding [ ] forecast
(broken down by calendar quarters for the [ ] 
of the forecast) of the volume for each Drug Product that Gilead anticipates
will be required to be produced and delivered to Gilead during such [ ] period. 

2.4 Firm
Orders . The Firm Orders submitted
to Patheon pursuant to Section 2.3 shall specify Gilead s purchase order
number, quantities, monthly delivery schedule and any other elements necessary
to identify what must be delivered to fill such Firm Order. Unless mutually agreed upon by both Parties,
the quantities of Drug Product ordered in such written orders shall be firm and
binding on Gilead and shall not be subject to reduction, and shall only be
subject to cancellation as set forth in Section 2.10. 

2.5 Materials
Ordering and Stockpiles . 

(a) Reliance
by Patheon . Gilead understands and
acknowledges that Patheon will rely on the Firm Orders submitted pursuant to
Section 2.3(b) in ordering the Materials required to meet such Firm
Orders. In addition, Gilead understands
that to ensure an orderly supply of such Materials and to achieve economies of
scale in the costs therefor, it may be desirable for Patheon to purchase such
Materials in sufficient volumes to meet the production requirements for each
Drug Product during part or all of the forecasted periods referred to in
Section 2.3(a), or such longer period as Patheon and Gilead may agree to. Accordingly, Gilead agrees that purchases
may be made by Patheon in respect of the Materials for a given Drug Product to
satisfy the production requirements for such Drug Product for the first [ ] months of the forecasted period, or
such different period as may be identified opposite such Materials in the
applicable Product-Specific Appendix or agreed in writing by the Parties. If any Materials ordered by Patheon in
accordance with the foregoing sentence are not included in finished Drug Product
purchased by Gilead within [ ] 
months after the forecasted month in respect of which such purchases have been
made (or such longer period as the Parties may agree in writing), Gilead will
pay to Patheon its actual costs to acquire such unused Materials and, in the
event such Materials are incorporated into the Drug Product subsequently
purchased by Gilead, Gilead will receive credit for any costs of such Materials
previously paid to Patheon by Gilead. 

(b) Minimum
Stockpiles . Without limiting Patheon s
ability to purchase and hold Materials as set forth in Section 2.5(a), Patheon
shall at all times maintain an inventory of each Material sufficient to
manufacture the relevant Drug Products to fill Gilead s Firm Orders and
forecasts in the following [ ] 
months, or such different period of time as may be set forth for such Material
in the applicable Product-Specific Appendix or otherwise agreed in writing by
the Parties. 

2.6 Minimum
Orders . Each Drug Product to be
Processed by Patheon may only be ordered in the minimum order quantities set
out in Exhibit C of the Product-Specific Appendix for such Drug Product. As the Parties gain additional experience
with the Processing of each Drug Product, they shall negotiate in good faith,
upon request by Gilead, to revise the minimum order quantities in the
applicable Exhibit C from time to time. 
If the Parties reach written agreement, following any necessary
technical and cost review by Patheon in accordance with Section 4.5, they shall
update the applicable Exhibit C to reflect the revised minimum order
quantities. 

2.7 Excipients
and Components . All Materials shall
be purchased (with the exception of those which are supplied by Gilead, which
exceptions shall be identified in the applicable Product-Specific Appendix) and
tested by Patheon at Patheon s expense in accordance with the applicable
Specifications. 

2.8 Quality
Agreements . Each Party shall allocate, use and expend the resources
necessary to perform the division of pharmaceutical responsibilities assigned
to such Party as defined in the Quality Agreement(s) as set forth in Schedule B
of this Agreement, to which such Party is a party, the terms of which, for
clarity, are a part of this Agreement. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the Parties 
responsibilities relating to product 

complaints shall, at a minimum, include the following: (a) Patheon
shall, as promptly as practicable after it becomes aware (but in any event, no
later than [ ] business days
thereafter), forward to Gilead or its designee, by phone and in writing, any
and all complaints or problems relating to any Drug Product, and any
information in its possession pertaining to such complaint or problem,
including but not limited to: (i) Drug Product or its labeling may have been
mistaken for or applied to another product; (ii) Drug Product may be affected
by bacteriological contamination, significant chemical, physical or other
change or deterioration or stability failures; (iii) Drug Product is the
subject of a complaint by a Third Party, a Regulatory Authority or a customer
relating to the quality of the Drug Product; (iv) a unit or batch of Drug
Product supplied to or as directed by Gilead may not be in conformance with the
applicable Specifications; or (v) a unit or batch of Drug Product supplied to
or as directed by Gilead has not been Processed in accordance with the Patheon
Manufacturing Responsibilities; (b) Gilead shall promptly inform Patheon, by
phone and in writing, of any and all complaints that Gilead receives which
implicate Patheon s Processing of Drug Product at the Facility; and (c) Patheon
shall respond promptly to, and cooperate fully with Gilead regarding, any
reasonable request by Gilead for assistance in resolving any and all
complaints, in each case on a time frame sufficient to permit Gilead to comply
with applicable laws, rules and regulations, as notified by Gilead. The Parties
agree to negotiate in good faith to modify the Quality Agreement(s) to which
they are respective parties, pursuant to Section 4.5, from time to time as
necessary or appropriate in light of FDA or other regulatory requirements, or
at Gilead s request. For clarity,
either [ ] , or Gilead Sciences may
be party in place of Gilead World to a Quality Agreement relating to supply of
Drug Product(s) to Gilead World. 

2.9 Technology
Transfer . Patheon shall facilitate,
at Gilead s expense, any technology transfer to Gilead, its Affiliate or a
third party in relation to the Processing of Drug Product(s) to the extent
reasonably requested by Gilead. 

2.10 Cancellations . Gilead may cancel any Firm Order previously
accepted by Patheon by providing Patheon with prior written notice (the Notice 
 provided 
that if Gilead cancels any Firm Order and the Notice is received [ ] days or less prior to any scheduled
delivery of Drug Product covered by such Firm Order, then Gilead shall
reimburse Patheon for a percentage of the price that Patheon would have charged
Gilead for the Firm Order, which amounts shall be calculated as follows: 

(a) if
Notice is received by Patheon less than [ ] 
days prior to any scheduled delivery of Drug Product covered by such Firm
Order, then Gilead shall pay Patheon [ ] 
percent [ ] of the price that
Patheon would have charged Gilead for the Firm Order if it had not been
cancelled; 

(b) if
Notice is received by Patheon between [ ] 
to [ ] days prior to any scheduled
delivery of Drug Product covered by such Firm Order, then Gilead shall pay
Patheon [ ] percent [ ] of the price that Patheon would have
charged Gilead for the Firm Order if it had not been cancelled; or 

(c) if
Notice is received by Patheon between [ ] 
to [ ] days prior to any scheduled
delivery of Drug Product covered by such Firm Order, then Gilead shall pay
Patheon 

[ ] percent [ ] of the price that Patheon would have
charged Gilead for the Firm Order if it had not be cancelled. 

This Section 2.10 shall not apply to mutually
agreed changes in production or delivery schedules, or any cancellation for
which alternative terms are mutually agreed upon by both Parties. 

2.11 Equipment . If Gilead or a third party with a right to
purchase Drug Product from Gilead supplies any equipment to Patheon for use in
Processing any Drug Product: 

(a) The
Parties, or Patheon and such third party, as applicable, shall prepare a
written inventory of such equipment, which inventory shall be signed by a
representative of each Party, or a representative of Patheon and such third
party, as applicable. 

(b) Such
inventory shall set forth where and under what conditions Patheon will locate
and use such equipment. Gilead or such
third party, as applicable, shall be responsible for validation of such
equipment. In addition, Gilead or such
third party, as applicable, shall be responsible for any costs for
transportation, installation and training necessary to use such equipment. 

(c) Such
inventory shall set forth the routine preventative maintenance of such
equipment that Patheon must perform, and Patheon shall perform such routine
preventative maintenance in accordance with the terms and conditions of a
separate agreement to be entered into by the Parties, or between Patheon and
such third party, as applicable. For
clarity, Patheon shall not be responsible to conduct major repairs to such
equipment. 

(d) Gilead
or such third party will retain ownership of such equipment unless otherwise
agreed to in writing by the Parties, or by Patheon and such third party, as
applicable. Gilead or such third party,
as applicable, will be responsible to maintain any insurance as to such
equipment; provided, however, that if Gilead or such third party is unable to
procure insurance to cover such equipment in Patheon s possession and requests
Patheon to obtain such insurance, Patheon will use reasonable efforts to obtain
such insurance at Gilead s or such third party s expense, as applicable. 

ARTICLE III 
 
 SUPPLY
AND PROCESSING OF DRUG PRODUCT 

3.1 Supply
Of API And Materials . 

(a) For
each Firm Order of Drug Product, Gilead, at its expense, shall deliver or cause
to be delivered to the Facility, the number of kilograms of the applicable
API(s) necessary for Patheon to Process the Drug Product(s) set forth on the
relevant Firm Order. 

(b) Patheon
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Facility and appropriate
personnel available in order to complete the Processing of the relevant Drug 

Product(s) and make such Drug Product(s) available for delivery on the
date specified in the relevant Firm Order. 
Within [ ] business days
after Patheon s receipt of each Firm Order, Patheon shall notify Gilead in
writing via electronic mail (in accordance with Section 10.5) whether Patheon
accepts such Firm Order on the delivery schedule set forth therein. Patheon shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to accept all Firm Orders on the delivery schedules that they specify, and in
any event shall accept all Firm Orders to the extent not exceeding [ ] percent [ ] of the quantity of each Drug Product forecast in the
applicable Last Forecasts (defined below) for the time period covered by the
Firm Order, subject to reasonable scheduling of each delivery within the
calendar month in which Gilead requests delivery in order to accommodate the
specific timing of each applicable facility and Patheon personnel availability. For purposes of such [ ] percent [ ] limit, if [ ] 
percent [ ] of the quantity of
a given Drug Product specified in a Last Forecast equals a fractional number of
batches, then the minimum number of batches that Patheon must accept in a Firm
Order shall be the next whole number of batches above the fractional number of
batches that is equal to [ ] 
percent [ ] ). For example, [ ] . As used in this Section, Last Forecast shall mean the
forecast provided under Section 2.3(a) no later than [ ] months prior to the time that Gilead requests
delivery in its Firm Order. 

(c) Patheon
shall, at its expense, purchase from a third party designated by Gilead from
Patheon s preferred supplier list, or a supplier designated by Gilead, all
Excipients to be used in the Processing of the Drug Product. Gilead may designate an Excipient supplier
not on Patheon s preferred supplier list by written notice to Patheon, provided
that Gilead shall pay for any increase in costs for such Excipients resulting from
such purchase from a supplier not on Patheon s preferred supplier list. Each such notice shall specify either that
(a) an audit of such supplier is not required by Gilead in which case Gilead
will provide Patheon with all documentation required to support Gilead s
qualification of such supplier; or (b) Gilead shall conduct an audit of such
supplier at its own expense. All
Excipients shall be tested in accordance with procedures specified by Gilead in
the Excipient Specifications. If a
particular supplier (from Patheon s preferred supplier list or as so designated
by Gilead) is specified for a given Excipient in the applicable Specifications,
then Patheon shall obtain such Excipient from such supplier. In addition, the Parties may provide in the
relevant Product-Specific Appendix for Gilead to procure the required
quantities of any of the Excipients for the relevant Drug Product. 

(d) Patheon
shall, at its expense, purchase all Components necessary to complete the
Processing of Drug Products. All
Components shall meet the applicable Component Specifications as described in
Exhibit A of the Product-Specific Appendix for a given Drug Product, as amended
or supplemented from time to time under the terms and conditions
hereunder. In addition, the Parties may
provide in the relevant Product-Specific Appendix for Gilead to procure the
required quantities of any of the Component for the relevant Drug Product. 

3.2 Processing
Of Drug Product . 

(a) Patheon
will Process each Drug Product in accordance with the applicable Master Batch
Records and Specifications, the Quality Agreement and any applicable federal,
provincial and local laws and regulations, including without limitation cGMPs
(hereinafter collectively the Patheon Manufacturing Responsibilities ). Before, during and after each 

Processing of a Drug Product, Patheon shall monitor such Processing and
the Processing environment and keep such records of the foregoing as are
required by the applicable Master Batch Records and Specifications, and in
accordance with cGMPs. In accordance
with cGMPs and during the Term of this Agreement and as part of the Patheon
Manufacturing Responsibilities, Patheon shall (i) take all commercially
reasonable steps necessary to ensure that any Drug Product that may be
Processed by it pursuant to this Agreement shall be free of cross-contamination
from any fermentation, other manufacturing or similar activities and (ii) be
responsible for the performance of validated cleaning and changeover procedures
prior to Processing any Drug Product for Gilead. 

(b) Patheon
shall not manufacture or store any [ ] 
product (for example but without limitation, [ ] at, or otherwise introduce any of the foregoing to, any Facility where any API,
Component, Excipient, or Drug Product is Processed or stored without Gilead s
advance written consent. Gilead may
withhold such consent in its sole discretion. 

(c) Both
Parties shall promptly notify each other of any new material instructions or
specifications required by the Act and of other applicable laws, rules and
regulations, and shall confer with each other with respect to the best means to
comply with such requirements. The
Parties shall allocate any costs of implementing such changes on an equitable
basis in accordance with, and subject to the procedures set forth in, Section
4.5. If the proposed new instruction or
specification policy relates to the production of a Drug Product solely, then
any additional costs incurred by Patheon to produce such Drug Product shall be
passed on to Gilead in accordance with, and subject to the procedures set forth
in, Section 4.5. 

(d) Upon
prior written request, Patheon will permit duly authorized representatives of
Gilead and Gilead s licensee(s) or distributor(s) for any Drug Product to
observe the Processing of such Drug Product and to have access to any relevant
records in connection with such Processing as more fully provided in Section
3.4 below; provided that representatives from Gilead s licensee(s) or
distributor(s) for any Drug Product shall be granted access to Patheon s
Facility at the same time and to the same extent as Gilead s
representatives. Such representatives
shall be bound by an obligation of confidentiality (comparable to that of
Article VIII) with respect to information that such representatives may obtain
during such visit to observe the Processing of Drug Product and will comply
with all Patheon standard operating policies and procedures while within the
Facility or other Patheon premises. 

(e) Patheon
shall supply Gilead with copies of Processing records, including batch records,
as they relate to each Drug Product, for the purposes of assuring product
quality and compliance with agreed-upon Processing procedures. 

(f) All
Processing of each Drug Product to be performed by Patheon under this Agreement
shall be performed at the Facility(ies) for such Drug Product specified in the
applicable Product-Specific Appendix. 

3.3 FDA
And Regulatory Support . 

(a) Patheon
agrees to maintain a Site Master File SMF in accordance with the requirements
of the FDA, if any, as well as any comparable files required by other
Regulatory Authorities, and to provide Gilead with letters of access to such
SMF (to the extent that they are required by the FDA or other related
regulatory bodies) and comparable files and to further provide Gilead with all
documents regarding the Processing of such Drug Product. Gilead shall be responsible for all other
filings necessary for approval and export of each Drug Product. At Gilead s reasonable cost, Patheon further
agrees to assist Gilead, acting reasonably, in obtaining any government or
agency approval which may be required for the marketing of any Drug Product in
any country other than the United States. 
Gilead shall provide written notice of any additional regulatory
requirements of countries, in accordance with Section 4.6. 

(b) Patheon
agrees to cooperate with any inspection by the FDA or other Regulatory
Authority. Patheon specifically agrees
to meet and confer with Gilead representatives in advance of the pre-approval
inspections for any Drug Product and, at Gilead s request, any other inspection
of the Facility concerning any Drug Product, provided that Patheon receives
advance notice of such inspection, and will provide Gilead with all necessary
support in connection with each such inspection as may be reasonably required. 

(c) Each
Party shall notify the other Party immediately in writing in the event a Party
learns of any action that has been or will be taken by the FDA or other
Regulatory Authority which relates to the Facility and the Processing of any
Drug Product, or which may delay or impair the ability to Process any Drug
Product in accordance with this Agreement. 

3.4 cGMP
Compliance and QA Audits . Upon
prior written request, Gilead shall have the right [ ] per Year to have its representatives and representatives
from its licensee(s) and distributor(s) for any Drug Product visit the Facility
during normal business hours on business days to audit Patheon s manufacturing
process, assess Patheon s compliance with cGMPs and quality assurance
standards, review records relating to the Processing of such Drug Product and
discuss any related issues with manufacturing and management personnel as it
relates to such Drug Product (such activities collectively, a cGMP/QA
Audit ). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if Gilead s representatives and/or representatives from its
licensee(s) and distributor(s) for any Drug Product require cGMP/QA Audits in
addition to [ ] per Year, then
they shall have the right to conduct such additional cGMP/QA Audits, in the
presence of a Gilead representative, provided Gilead or such licensee(s) or
distributor(s) shall pay Patheon s reasonable costs for the conduct of such
cGMP/QA Audits. Gilead s
representatives and representatives from its licensee(s) and distributor(s) for
any Drug Product shall be bound by an obligation of confidentiality with
respect to information that such representatives may obtain during such visit
to inspect and audit Patheon s manufacturing process and the Processing of Drug
Product and will comply with all standard operating policies and procedures
while within the Facility or other Patheon premises. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Gilead (and its licensee(s) and distributor(s) for any Drug
Product) shall have the right to
conduct a For Cause audit at any time, when requested as a reasonable
response to a FDA or other regulatory agency audit notice or inquiry regarding
a Drug Product, an unresolved deviation in Processing of Drug Product by
Patheon, or customer complaints or adverse events regarding a Drug Product, and
Gilead (or such licensees or distributors) shall bear Patheon s expenses
therefore unless as a 

result of such For Cause audit it is determined that there was
non-compliance with the warranties in Section 6.2. 

3.5 Change
in Manufacturing Process . Patheon
shall notify Gilead if Patheon wishes to make, and obtain Gilead s prior
written approval before Patheon implements, any of the following: (a) a major change (as defined in applicable
regulations) including without limitation, major or regulatory changes relating
to (i) the Facility that would constitute a change under cGMPs, would impact
the validation status of the process, or would constitute noncompliance with
the Patheon Manufacturing Responsibilities, (ii) the Materials, (iii) the
Specifications, (iv) any quantitative formulae and any other aspect of Drug
Product Processing, or (v) testing methods with respect to the Drug Product;
and (b) changes that require regulatory submission, relating to the Materials,
Specifications, Facility, equipment, process, testing methods or other
procedures used to Process any Drug Product. 
Gilead s consent with respect to such changes shall not be unreasonably
withheld, or unduly delayed; provided, however, that with respect to such changes
affecting a particular Drug Product, Patheon acknowledges that Gilead may be
required to obtain its licensee s consent to such changes prior to providing
consent to Patheon. 

3.6 Compliance
with Laws . Patheon shall materially
comply with all applicable orders, regulations, requirements and laws of any
and all Regulatory Authorities including, without limitation, all laws and
regulations applicable to (a) the transportation, storage, use, handling and
disposal of hazardous materials, (b) the Processing of Drug Products and (c)
Patheon s performance of its obligations under this Agreement. Patheon specifically represents and warrants
that it does not and will not use, in any capacity, the services of any person
that is debarred under the provisions of the United States Generic Drug
Diversion Act or applicable FDA regulations. 
Patheon represents and warrants to Gilead that it has and will maintain
during the Term of this Agreement, all government permits, including without
limitation, health, safety and environmental permits, legally required for the
conduct of the actions and procedures that it undertakes pursuant to this
Agreement. Unless otherwise provided in
the Product-Specific Appendix for a given Drug Product, the Parties agree that
Patheon shall be the quality representative for purposes of [ ] release of all Drug Products. 

3.7 Documentation . Patheon shall keep complete, accurate and
authentic accounts, notes, data and records of the Processing services
performed under this Agreement including but not limited to all relevant
information and records relating to the Processing of Drug Products under this
Agreement which may be required from time to time to be provided to any
Regulatory Authority pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, and all Process
development information relating to the Drug Product (to the extent such
information is in Patheon s possession) Documentation ). Each Party shall maintain complete and adequate records in
accordance with and to the full extent required by cGMP and the applicable
Specifications pertaining to the methods and the Facility used for the
Processing, holding and distribution of Drug Product. Upon written request by Gilead with reasonable notice, Patheon
will provide to representatives of Gilead or its licensee(s) or distributor(s)
for Drug Products, during normal business hours, reasonable access to
Documentation, where such access is necessary or reasonably useful to permit
Gilead or such distributor(s) or licensee(s) to comply with applicable laws, rules
or 

regulations; subject to Section 3.4, the expense of such access shall
be at the expense of Gilead or such licensee(s) or distributor(s). Patheon shall maintain Documentation until
the later of (a) when such Documentation is no longer required by applicable
law, rule or obligation to be maintained by Gilead or Patheon, or (b) for Drug
Product supplied for (i) clinical trial supplies, the approval or withdrawal of
all applications for approval included within Regulatory Filings for such Drug
Product, or (ii) commercial supplies, one (1) year after expiration of the
shelf life for the applicable batch. 

3.8 Reprocess
and Rework . Patheon shall not
conduct any rework (meaning redressing or relabeling of Drug Product) or
reprocessing (meaning repetition of any step in the manufacture of unlabeled
Drug Product from API and Excipients) activities with respect to any Drug
Product without prior written permission from Gilead. Patheon shall document
appropriately all rework and reprocessing activities conducted under this
Agreement. 

3.9 Variances . Patheon shall notify Gilead within [ ] business days after its discovery of
any Drug Product lot failure, or significant deviation from or variance in
manufacturing procedures or standard operating procedures for such Drug
Product. The Parties shall promptly
discuss and mutually agree how to address any such deviation or variance. The Quality Agreement shall include a
requirement that any deviation or variance be resolved within [ ] days after discovery or such longer
period of time as may be agreed to between the Parties. 

3.10 Storage
and Handling . Patheon shall store
and handle API and Materials as set forth in the applicable Master Batch
Records and Specifications, and in accordance with cGMP, and shall conform to
established safety practices and procedures set forth in Gilead s then-current
material safety data sheet. In
addition, Patheon shall take such actions as are reasonably necessary to
protect API and Materials from damage and deterioration. If requested by Gilead
in writing, Patheon shall return or destroy, at Gilead cost and expense, any
unused API in accordance with Gilead s written instructions. 

3.11 Labels . Unless otherwise agreed, Gilead, or a third
party approved by Gilead, shall supply in a timely manner all necessary copy
and art work to allow Patheon to procure Components for a Drug Product in
accordance with the applicable Component Specifications. Patheon shall use such
copy and art work to procure all necessary Components in accordance with the
applicable Component Specifications and Gilead s written instructions, and in
compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Such Components shall be the only Components used for such Drug
Product. 

3.12 Performance
Indicators. Within [ ] months after the Effective Date, the
Parties shall confer to set a timeline for the development of a commercially
reasonable system of performance indicators to evaluate the performance of
Patheon in carrying out its obligations under this Agreement. Once the system
of performance indicators is developed, the Parties shall evaluate the
Processing of Drug Products by Patheon on a quarterly basis against such
performance indicators. 

ARTICLE IV 
 
 PRICES
AND PAYMENT 

4.1 Price . Prices for each Drug Product shall be as set
forth on Exhibit C of the Product-Specific Appendix for such Drug Product. Gilead shall be responsible for the payment
of any sales and use taxes on Drug Product delivered by Patheon to Gilead or on
API furnished by Gilead to Patheon. The
fees listed on Exhibit C of each Product-Specific Appendix shall not be subject
to change until the end of the first Year after the effective date of such
Product-Specific Appendix, subject to the amendments to such fees provided for
in Sections 4.3, 4.5 and 4.6. The
prices for each Drug Product during each additional Year that this Agreement
remains in force shall be agreed to between the Parties prior to the
commencement of each such Year, in accordance with Section 4.4. 

4.2 Payment
Terms . All payments due hereunder
to Patheon shall be paid not later than [ ] 
days following the date of the applicable invoice submitted by Patheon in
accordance with Section 5.2(a); provided that if such invoice is received by
Gilead more than [ ] business days
after such date, Patheon will make reasonable allowances for any payments that
are late due to such delay provided that Gilead uses commercially reasonable
efforts to pay such invoice by the end of such [ ] days. 

4.3 Adjustments
to Current Year s Pricing . During any
Year of this Agreement, the fees set out in Exhibit C of each Product-Specific
Appendix shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the following: 

(a) Minimum
Order Quantity . If at any time a
Firm Order is for less than the minimum order quantity of any Drug Product
specified in Exhibit C of the applicable Product-Specific Appendix (i.e., the
smallest campaign size so specified, as either by batch size or a minimum
number of batches or a combination of both of batch size and minimum number of batches)
then Patheon shall be entitled to request an adjustment to the fee for
Processing in respect of that Drug Product delivered under that Firm Order to
reflect the increased costs that Patheon will incur as a result of
manufacturing the lesser volume ordered by Gilead relative to the minimum order
quantity for that Drug Product. For
clarity, the minimum order quantity relates to the size of the manufacturing
runs that Patheon will undertake to fill Gilead s orders, and not to overall or
annual volume. 

(b) Materials
and Component Costs . If at any time
market conditions result in Patheon s cost of Materials being greater than
normal forecasted increases, then Patheon shall be entitled to request an
adjustment to the fee for Processing in respect of any affected Drug Product to
compensate it for such increased Materials costs. For the purposes of this Section 4.3(b), changes greater than
normal forecasted increases shall be considered to have occurred only if (i) the
cost of a Material for such Drug Product increases by [ ] percent [ ] of the cost for that Material upon which the fee quote
was based or (ii) the aggregate cost for all Materials required to Process a
Drug Product increases by [ ] 
percent [ ] of the total
Material costs for such Drug Product upon which the fee quote was based. To the extent that Processing fees have been
previously adjusted pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) to reflect an increase in
the cost of one 

(1) or more Materials, the adjustments provided for in (i) and (ii) above
shall operate based on the costs attributed to such Material (or Materials) at
the time the last of such adjustments were made. 

In connection with a fee adjustment request
pursuant to this Section 4.3, Patheon shall deliver to Gilead a revised Exhibit
C for each Drug Product for which it requests such fee adjustment and such
budgetary pricing information, adjusted Material costs or other documentation
sufficient to demonstrate that a fee adjustment is justified. Upon delivery of such request, each of
Gilead and Patheon shall forthwith use all reasonable efforts to agree on a
revised fee for the Processing in respect of each affected Drug Product. 

4.4 Adjustments
to Subsequent Year s Pricing . The
fees for the Processing provided pursuant to the terms of this Agreement for
any Drug Product during any Year after the first Year of this Agreement for
that Drug Product shall be determined in accordance with the following: 

(a) Manufacturing
Costs . No later than [ ] months prior to the end of each Year for
each Drug Product, Patheon shall be entitled to request an adjustment to the
fees for the applicable Component costs and Processing fees in respect of such
Drug Product for the increases in manufacturing costs based on the increase in
the [ ] for July of the then
current Year compared to the same month of the preceding Year, published by [ ] in respect of the immediately prior
Year. 

(b) Pricing
Basis . Gilead acknowledges that the
fee for the Processing in respect of a Drug Product in any Year is quoted based
upon the minimum order quantity per Drug Product specified in Exhibit C of each
Product-Specific Appendix for a given Drug Product and is subject to change as
set forth above if the quantity ordered by Gilead in any Firm Order falls below
the minimum order quantity for that Drug Product as specified in Exhibit C of
the applicable Product-Specific Appendix or, if applicable, any revised minimum
order quantity hereinafter agreed to by the Parties in writing; provided that
Gilead orders such Drug Product in the time period covered by such Firm
Order. For greater certainty, if
Patheon and Gilead agree that the minimum order quantity in respect of a Drug
Product shall be reduced and, as a result of such reduction, Patheon s costs
relating to such Drug Product increase on a per unit basis, then Patheon shall
be entitled to an increase in the fee for the Processing in respect of such
Drug Product by an amount sufficient to absorb such increase. In addition, if
Gilead will place orders for quantities permitting Patheon to manufacture in
larger production runs, the Parties shall review the fee for the Processing of
such Drug Product and shall reduce such fee on a per-unit basis by a reasonable
amount to reflect savings in Patheon s costs relating to such Drug Product as a
result of such increase if any. 

In connection with a fee adjustment request
pursuant to this Section 4.4, Patheon shall deliver to Gilead a revised Exhibit
C for such Drug Product and such budgetary pricing information, adjusted
Material costs for such Drug Product or other documentation sufficient to
demonstrate that a fee adjustment is justified for such Drug Product, no later
than [ ] prior to the end of the
Year. Upon receipt of such a request, each of Gilead and Patheon shall
forthwith use 

all reasonable efforts to agree on a revised fee for the Processing in
respect of each affected Drug Product. 

4.5 Adjustments
Due To Technical Changes . 
Amendments to the Specifications for a given Drug Product, the Quality
Agreement relating to Processing or the minimum order quantities for each Drug
Product requested by Gilead will only be implemented following a technical and
cost review by Patheon and are subject to Gilead and Patheon reaching agreement
as to revisions, if any, to the fees specified in Exhibit C of the
corresponding Product-Specific Appendix or otherwise necessitated by any such
amendment. If Gilead accepts a proposed
fee change, the proposed change in the Specifications, Quality Agreement or
minimum order quantities shall be implemented, and the fee change shall become
effective only with respect to those orders of such Drug Product that are
Processed in accordance with such revision(s). 
The Parties acknowledge in Sections 2.2, 2.6 and 2.8 the potential need
to refine or modify the Specifications, Quality Agreement or minimum order
quantities for Drug Products, respectively. 
Accordingly, the Parties will negotiate in good faith to modify the
applicable Specifications, Quality Agreement or minimum order quantities from
time to time if requested by Gilead. 
Patheon will facilitate appropriate changes to the Exhibits, and shall
implement any changes to the Specifications and/or Quality Agreement that are
required by applicable legal requirements; provided that Gilead bears the costs
of such changes to the extent relating solely to the Drug Product(s) or the
Parties reach written agreement as to a different allocation of such increased
costs. The Parties agree to allocate on
an equitable basis any special costs of developing and implementing revised
procedures, meaning that the cost of implementing any revised procedures shall
be borne in full by Gilead in such cases where the changes are made solely for
the benefit of Gilead, and the costs of other changes shall be allocated
between the Parties on the basis of the extent to which such Party will be
benefited by such change relative to the extent to which the other Party will
be benefited by such change. In any
event, Gilead agrees to purchase, at Patheon s cost, all Inventory for the relevant
Drug Product utilized under any of the old Specifications and/or Quality
Agreement and purchased or maintained by Patheon in order to fill Firm Orders
for such Drug Product or in accordance with Section 2.5, to the extent that
such Inventory can no longer be utilized under the revised Specifications
and/or Quality Agreement. Open purchase
orders for Materials no longer required under such revised Specifications
and/or Quality Agreement that were placed by Patheon with suppliers in order to
fill Firm Orders or in accordance with Section 2.5 shall be cancelled where
possible, and where such orders are not subject to cancellation without
penalty, shall be assigned to and satisfied by Gilead. 

4.6 Multi-Country
Pricing . If Gilead decides that it
wishes to have Patheon Process a Drug Product for any country in addition to
the Territory as stated in Exhibit C of the applicable Product-Specific
Appendix, then Gilead shall inform Patheon of the packaging requirements for
such Drug Product needed for this new country market and Patheon shall prepare
a quotation for consideration by Gilead of the additional Component costs, if
any, and the change over fees for such Drug Product destined for the new
country market. The agreed additional
packaging requirements and related packaging costs and change over fees shall
be set out in a written amendment to Exhibit C of the applicable
Product-Specific Appendix. 

4.7 API
Cost Adjustment . Each
Product-Specific Appendix when it is executed shall set forth Gilead s actual
standard costs to acquire or manufacture the relevant API Gilead s
Actual Standard API Costs in Exhibit C. The Parties recognize that such costs may fluctuate over
time. Therefore, at the time of annual
price adjustment pursuant to Section 4.4, Gilead shall determine an adjustment
to Gilead s Actual Standard API Costs to reflect such costs in the [ ] month period prior to such
adjustment. Such adjusted Gilead s
Actual Standard API Costs shall apply solely on a prospective basis. Patheon shall have the right to audit the
methodology employed by Gilead to determine an adjusted Gilead s Actual
Standard API Costs. 

ARTICLE V 
 
 DELIVERY
AND ACCEPTANCE 

5.1 Quality
Control Sample and Documentation . 
Prior to the delivery of any batch of Drug Product, Patheon shall
provide Gilead with a quality control sample of such batch for the purpose of
confirming that such batch meets the Specifications (unless Gilead consents in
writing that no such sample is required), and the Disposition Package for such
batch. The quality control sample shall
consist of Drug Product sampled so as to be representative of the batch.
Patheon shall not deliver a shipment of Drug Product until it has been released
by Gilead pursuant to Section 5.4(a) unless otherwise requested by Gilead in
writing. 

5.2 Delivery
and Title . 

(a) Unless
otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing, all shipments shall be shipped [ ] (as such term in defined in Incoterms
2000) [ ] ; provided, however, that
notwithstanding [ ] responsibility
for customs clearance in accordance with [ ] 
as so defined in Incoterms 2000, [ ] 
shall be responsible to arrange for customs clearance for each shipment
hereunder. The Parties shall reasonably
cooperate to share any information for [ ] 
to fulfill its responsibilities to arrange for customs clearance. In accordance with delivery [ ] , [ ] 
shall bear all risk of loss or damage after the Drug Product [ ] . 
Patheon shall package Drug Product in accordance with the applicable
Specifications. For each shipment of
Drug Product, Patheon shall submit to Gilead the applicable Disposition Package
pursuant to Section 5.1 together with an invoice for such shipment of Drug
Product. 

(b) Patheon
shall consistently fulfill Firm Orders submitted to Patheon pursuant to Section
2.3 by supplying Drug Product with at least [ ] 
percent [ ] of initial shelf
life remaining at the time of delivery, and Gilead shall have no obligation to
accept or pay for any shipment of Drug Product delivered to Gilead with less
than [ ] percent [ ] of initial shelf life remaining;
provided, however, that if there is a delay in delivery due to investigation
and resolution of a deviation that does not arise from Patheon s failure to
manufacture Drug Product in accordance with the Patheon Manufacturing Responsibilities,
then the deemed delivery date for purposes of calculating remaining shelf life
under this Section 5.2(b) shall be the date preceding the actual delivery date
by a number of days equal to the length of such delay, provided that Patheon
has carried out its responsibilities in such investigation and resolution using
commercially reasonable efforts, then Gilead shall be obligated to accept and
pay for any shipment of Drug Product delivered to Gilead, subject to Gilead s
rights pursuant to Section 5.4. 

In addition, Gilead may consent, in writing, to a shorter remaining
shelf life at delivery of any Drug Product as follows: (i) where release of such Drug Product was
delayed to enable a major deviation to be investigated and resolved; and (ii) provided
that any such acceptance and utilization shall be subject to the written
consent of any applicable third party purchasing Drug Product from Gilead,
acting in good faith. In the
circumstances outlined in the preceding sentence, Gilead shall be obligated to
accept and pay for such shipment of Drug Product, subject to Gilead s rights
pursuant to Section 5.4. Initial shelf
life shall be measured and begin to expire commencing on the date that API and
any Excipients are first combined. In
all circumstances, Gilead shall use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly
investigate and address any deviation or variance of the Drug Product. 

(c) In
the event of a deviation at any time during the Processing of a Drug Product,
the Parties shall mutually agree upon procedures to rework, to the extent
possible, such Drug Product in accordance with Section 3.8 so that such Drug
Product will meet the applicable Specifications. 

5.3 Late
Delivery. 

(a) Patheon
agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to deliver Drug Products
hereunder on the scheduled delivery dates as set forth in the relevant Firm
Orders. It shall not be considered a
breach of this Agreement if, for any batch for which Patheon has accepted a
Firm Order, at least [ ] percent [ ] of Drug Product which conforms to the
Specifications is made available for delivery within [ ] business days following the date originally agreed upon
for delivery in such Firm Order (the Scheduled Delivery Date ). However, it shall be deemed to be a late delivery
if Patheon delivers a shipment of Drug Products later than [ ] business days after the relevant
Scheduled Delivery Date (such date [ ] 
business days after the Scheduled Delivery Date, the Late Delivery Date ). 

(b) If
Patheon has learned that any delivery of Drug Product may be expected to: 

(i) have
less than [ ] percent [ ] of the quantity stated in the
relevant Firm Order; and/or 

(ii) be
delivered after the Late Delivery Date, according to Patheon s master delivery
plan, 

then Patheon shall: (1) as soon as practical,
notify Gilead; (2) ensure that [ ] 
of this issue; and (3) develop and implement a [ ] to the extent reasonably practicable or any [ ] thereof. 

(c) Notwithstanding
the previous paragraph, Patheon will notify Gilead as promptly as practicable
of such anticipated late or short delivery that is likely to occur despite
Patheon s efforts (the Notice ). 

(d) If,
to the extent not caused by any of the events set forth in Section 5.3(h),
during any period of [ ] , Patheon
delivers after the relevant Late Delivery Date [ ] (a Delivery Default ), then at Gilead s
option, Gilead may request a meeting [ ] . The request for the meeting shall be given
within [ ] from the date of
Notice, and the meeting shall be held within [ ] 
from the date of the request. 

(e) At
the meeting, the Parties will negotiate diligently and in good faith to
mutually agree upon [ ] for: (i)
any [ ] of Drug Product occurring
after [ ] ; or (ii) any delivery of
Drug Products having [ ] of the
quantity stated [ ] . The Parties
will, thereafter, enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect the
mutually agreed resolutions (the Amending Agreement ). 

(f) If
after entering the Amending Agreement and to the extent not caused by any of
the events set forth in Section 5.3(h), there is another Delivery Default, then
such default shall deemed to be a material breach of this Agreement and Gilead
may terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.3(e). 

(g) For
purposes of determining a Delivery Default pursuant to Section 5.3(d), a batch
shall not be counted as having been delivered after the Late Delivery Date if,
with respect to such batch: 

(i) the
period between the day that Patheon provides the relevant Disposition Package
to Gilead and the Scheduled Delivery Date is as long or longer than the release
review period, which shall be [ ] 
or such other period as mutually agreed; 

(ii) the
batch has no deviations from the applicable Specifications or cGMPs that
reasonably prevent Gilead from releasing such batch within the agreed release
review period, which shall be [ ] 
or such other period as mutually agreed; 

(iii) there
are no deviations in the shipment of such batch that would form the basis of a
Deficiency Notice pursuant to Section 5.4(b); and 

(iv) Patheon
actually makes such batch available for delivery within the agreed time frame
following release by Gilead. 

(h) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 5.3, Patheon shall not be responsible
for the failure to satisfy any Firm Order to the extent caused by any of the
following events: 

(i) Gilead s
failure to have delivered to Patheon adequate supplies of the applicable API; 

(ii) Gilead s
failure to deliver forecasts pursuant to Section 2.3; 

(iii) Gilead s
failure to timely deliver specifications or other technical information
necessary to perform the Processing services; 

(iv) a
Force Majeure event outlined in Section 10:10, provided that Patheon complies
with its obligations to address any such Force Majeure event in accordance with
Section 10.10; 

(v) Gilead s
failure to deliver the Firm Orders in accordance with Section 2.3(b); or 

(vi) Gilead s
changes to any Firm Orders. 

5.4 Product
Deficiencies . 

(a) Release. Gilead or its designee shall review the
Disposition Package for a potential shipment of Drug Product upon receipt of
such Disposition Package thereof and test any quality control sample in its
discretion and, within [ ] , shall
either release such shipment or shall give Patheon written notice (a Deficiency
Notice of all claims for Drug Product that deviates from the
applicable Specifications or cGMPs, as determined by Gilead based on testing of
any quality control sample or review of the Disposition Package. Any release by Gilead of a shipment of Drug
Product shall be deemed to be an acceptance thereof, subject to Sections 5.4(b)
and 5.4(f). Patheon shall have no
liability for any deviations for which it has not received notice within such [ ] day period that should reasonably have
been discovered within such time period by review of the Disposition Package of
such shipment. 

(b) Inspection . Gilead or its designee shall visually inspect
shipments of Drug Product Processed by Patheon upon receipt thereof and, within
 [ ] days, shall give Patheon a
Deficiency Notice of all claims for Drug Product that deviates from the
applicable Specifications or cGMPs, or does not contain ordered quantities, as
determined by Gilead based on such visual inspection. Such deviations may include, without limitation, Drug Product
that has been cross-contaminated during Processing. Should Gilead fail to provide Patheon with a Deficiency Notice
with respect to the delivery within [ ] 
days of receipt of a delivery of Drug Product, then the delivery shall be
deemed to have been accepted by Gilead on the [ ] 
day after delivery. Patheon shall have
no liability for any deviations for which it has not received notice within
such [ ] day period that should
reasonably have been discovered within such time period by inspection of such
shipment. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5.4(b), for
all shipments of Drug Product Processed by Patheon [ ] as specified in a Firm Order, the time period (i) for
Gilead to provide Patheon with a Deficiency Notice with respect to such
shipments, (ii) after which, if Gilead fails to provide Patheon with a
Deficiency Notice with respect to such shipment, such shipment will be deemed
accepted by Gilead, and (iii) after which, if Patheon has not received notice
from Gilead, Patheon shall have no liability for any deviations with respect to
such shipment that should reasonably have been discovered, shall be [ ] days [ ] 
days) of receipt of a delivery of such shipment. 

(c) Determination
of Deficiency . Upon receipt of a Deficiency Notice, Patheon shall have [ ] days to advise Gilead by notice in
writing whether it disagrees with the contents of such Deficiency Notice. If Gilead and Patheon fail to agree within [ ] days after 

Patheon s notice to Gilead as to whether any Drug Product identified in
the Deficiency Notice deviates from the applicable Specifications or cGMPs,
then the Parties shall mutually select an independent laboratory to evaluate if
such Drug Product deviates from the applicable Specifications or cGMPs. A sample of such Drug Product shall be
submitted to the independent laboratory and such independent laboratory shall
determine within [ ] days of
receipt of the relevant sample (to the extent within the control of the
Parties) whether such Drug Product meets the applicable Specifications and
cGMPs. Such evaluation shall be binding on the Parties and if such evaluation
certifies that any Drug Product deviates from the Specifications or cGMPs,
Gilead may reject that Drug Product in the manner contemplated by Section
5.4(d) and, at Gilead s option, receive either a credit or a refund (to the
extent previously paid by Gilead) for the amount that it was invoiced by
Patheon for such shipment. If such
evaluation does not so certify in respect of any such Drug Product, then Gilead
shall be deemed to have accepted delivery of such Drug Product upon receipt by
the Parties of the final determination in writing from the independent
laboratory. The Party against whom the independent laboratory rules shall bear
all costs of the testing. 

(d) Product
Rejection and Replacement . Subject
to the provisions of Sections 5.4(a), (b), (c) and (f), Gilead has the right to
reject and/or return, at the expense of Patheon, any portion of any shipment of
Drug Product that deviates from the applicable Specifications or cGMPs, without
invalidating any remainder of such shipment, to the extent that such deviation
arises from Patheon s failure to provide the Processing services in accordance
with Patheon Manufacturing Responsibilities. For such portion of any rejected
and/or returned shipment, to the extent requested by Gilead, Patheon shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to provide replacement quantities of the
applicable Drug Product(s) to Gilead or its designee as soon as possible, but
in any event, within [ ] days
after the receipt by Patheon of a Deficiency Notice, regardless of whether
Patheon agrees with the rejection. 
Subject to the provisions of Sections 7.3(a) and 7.3(b), Gilead shall
supply quantities of the relevant API to permit such replacement manufacture,
and shall bear the costs of replacement quantities of rejected Drug Product. 

(e) Disposition
of Rejected Batches . Gilead may
destroy any batch of Drug Product without Patheon s consent in those cases
where Patheon does not dispute that the batch fails to meet the applicable
Specifications or cGMPs. To the extent that any deviation arises from Patheon s
failure to Process the Drug Product in accordance with the Patheon
Manufacturing Responsibilities, destruction of the Drug Product shall be made
at Patheon s expense and Gilead shall provide evidence of such destruction. 

(f) Latent
Defects . Gilead shall notify
Patheon promptly in writing if Gilead discovers a latent defect in any quantity
of Drug Product resulting from nonconformance with the applicable
Specifications or cGMPs at any time after such quantity has been accepted in
accordance with this Section 5.4 and during its remaining shelf life, which
defect should not reasonably have been discovered during the Disposition
Package review conducted in accordance with Section 5.4(a) or the visual
inspection conducted in accordance with 5.4(b) (a Latent Defect ). Gilead s notice shall be deemed to be a
Deficiency Notice, and the Parties 

shall address the Latent Defect in accordance with the provisions of
Sections 5.4(c), 5.4(d) and 5.4(e). 

5.5 API
Yield . 

(a) Yield-Related
Reports . Patheon shall submit
yield-related reports for each Drug Product containing such information and at
such times as described in the Yield Calculation Schedule. 

(b) Setting
the [ ] Yield . The Parties shall determine [ ] (as [ ] 
defined in the Yield Calculation Schedule which is attached hereto as Schedule
B) for a particular Drug Product in accordance with the Yield Calculation
Schedule. The Parties may, upon written
agreement, adjust such [ ] on a
Yearly basis to reflect further experience with Actual Yields (as defined in
the Yield Calculation Schedule). 

5.6 Responsibility
for [ ] API in Non-Compliant
Deliveries . 

(a) If
(i) Patheon has failed to provide the Processing services in accordance with
the Patheon Manufacturing Responsibilities for a delivery of Drug Product, (ii)
the Drug Product in a delivery is not in compliance with the warranty made in
Section 6.2, (iii) a delivery of Drug Product is properly rejected by Gilead
pursuant to Section 5.4, or (iv) once a Target Yield has been set with respect
to a given Drug Product, the [ ] 
Yield for any delivery of that Drug Product [ ] 
the applicable [ ] Yield, then
subject to Section 7.3(a) Patheon shall [ ] 
the [ ] or the [ ] as calculated in accordance with the
Yield Calculation Schedule for item (iv), in each case as calculated on [ ] . 
Within [ ] days after the
end of each Year, the Parties shall determine whether Patheon is responsible
for [ ] pursuant to this Section
5.6(a), and, if Patheon is responsible for [ ] ,
within [ ] days after the end of
each Year, Gilead shall be [ ] 
either: (i) [ ] , or (ii) a [ ] of such [ ] . 

(b) Clarification
of Relationship [ ] . For clarity, the [ ] by Patheon to [ ] 
for a given Year that is [ ] the [ ] for such Year shall not in and of
itself constitute a [ ] of this
Agreement, however, whether a [ ] 
of this Agreement has occurred in any given instance shall depend on all
relevant facts and circumstances. For
example and without limitation, if the [ ] 
arises out of and is associated with a [ ] 
of Patheon to Process any Drug Product in accordance with the Specifications
therefor, then such [ ] to Process
in accordance with the Specifications may itself constitute [ ] of this Agreement, even though connected
to a [ ] that in and of itself
does not constitute [ ] . 

ARTICLE VI 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES 

6.1 Both
Parties . Each Party hereby
represents and warrants to the other Party as follows: 

(a) Existence
and Power . Such Party: (a) is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is organized; (b) has the power and authority and the
legal right to own and operate its property and assets, to lease the property
and assets it operates under lease and to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted; and (c) is in compliance with all requirements of applicable
law, except to the extent that any noncompliance would not materially adversely
affect such Party s ability to perform its obligations under the Agreement. 

(b) Authorization
and Enforcement of Obligations . 
Such Party: (a) has the power and authority and the legal right to enter
into the Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; and (b) has taken
all necessary action on its part to authorize the execution and delivery of the
Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder. The Agreement when duly executed and
delivered on behalf of each Party, shall constitute a legal, valid, and binding
obligation of the Parties. 

(c) No
Conflict . The execution and
delivery of the Agreement and the performance of such Party s obligations
hereunder: (a) do not materially conflict with or violate any requirement of
applicable laws or regulations; and (b) do not materially conflict with, or
constitute a material default or require any consent under, any material
contractual obligation of such Party. 

6.2 Limited
Warranty . Patheon warrants that
Drug Product delivered hereunder: (a)
will be Processed in accordance with the Patheon Manufacturing Responsibilities
and in material compliance with applicable rules and regulations, including,
but not limited to, any regulations regarding use of the services of debarred
persons; (b) will be Processed in accordance with the agreed-upon manufacturing
procedures described in the applicable Master Batch Records supplied to Gilead
and agreed upon by Gilead; and (c) will conform to the applicable
Specifications set forth on Exhibits A and B of the applicable Product-Specific
Appendix hereto at the time of delivery. 
The Parties agree that Sections 3.4 (with respect to For Cause audit
costs), 5.4(c), 7.1(b) and 7.3(b) set forth the sole and exclusive remedy for
Patheon s breach of the warranty in this Section 6.2. All other remedies that would otherwise be available at law or in
equity are hereby explicitly excluded. 
The express warranties in Section 3.6 and this Section 6.2 are in lieu
of all other warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, the
warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. 

6.3 Non-Infringement . Gilead covenants, represents and warrants
that: 

(a) the
Specifications for each of the Drug Products are its or its Affiliate s
property and that Gilead may lawfully disclose such Specifications to Patheon; 

(b) any
Intellectual Property embodied in the Specifications and which must be utilized
by Patheon in order to Process Drug Products may be lawfully used as directed
by Gilead without infringing any Third Party Rights; 

(c) there
are no actions or other legal proceedings, the subject of which is the
infringement of Third Party Rights related to any of: (i) the Specifications;
(ii) any of the API, 

and the Materials; or (iii) the sale, marketing, distribution and use
or other disposition of any Drug Product; and 

(d) the
Specifications for all Drug Products conform to all applicable cGMPs, laws and
regulations. 

The Parties agree that Article VII sets forth the sole and exclusive
remedy for Gilead s breach of any of the representations and warranties in this
Section 6.3. All other remedies
that would otherwise be available at law or in equity are hereby explicitly
excluded. 

ARTICLE VII 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION 

7.1 Indemnity . 

(a) Subject
to Sections 7.2 and 7.3, and except to the extent the losses, liabilities,
damages, costs, fees or expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees)
(collectively, Losses resulting from any claim, suit, action, demand or
cause of action brought by a third party (each a Third-Party Claim arise out
of or result from any negligent or wrongful act or omission of any of Patheon
and Patheon s directors, officers, employees, and agents, and the directors,
officers, employees, and agents of any Patheon parent, subsidiary or related
company (the Patheon Indemnitees ), Gilead agrees to indemnify, hold
harmless and defend the Patheon Indemnitees from and against any and all Losses
resulting from any Third-Party Claim that arises or results from: (i) the
possession or use of Drug Product by any person after delivery to Gilead or its
designee; or (ii) any claim of infringement or alleged infringement of any
Third Party Rights in respect of the Drug Product; or (iii) failure of Gilead
to perform its obligations under this Agreement, including without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, any Losses whatsoever with respect to death or
injury to person or damage to property, provided that Patheon provides Gilead
with prompt notice of any such Third-Party Claim and the exclusive ability to
defend (with the reasonable cooperation of Patheon) or settle any such
Third-Party Claim. 

(b) Subject
to Sections 7.2 and 7.3, and except to the extent the Losses resulting from any
Third-Party Claim arise or result from any negligent or wrongful act or
omission of any Gilead Indemnitee (defined below), Patheon agrees to indemnify,
hold harmless and defend Gilead and Gilead s directors, officers, employees and
agents, and the directors, officers, employees and agents of any Gilead parent,
subsidiary, related company (collectively the Gilead Indemnitees from and
against any and all Losses resulting from any Third Party Claim that results
from or arises out of (i) Patheon s failure to Process any Drug Product in
accordance with the Patheon Manufacturing Responsibilities, (ii) any injury to
a person or damage to the Facility occurring in the course of Patheon s
Processing hereunder, (iii) Patheon s breach of Section 6.2, (iv) Patheon s
negligence or wrongful misconduct or (v) transportation, storage, use, handling
and disposal of hazardous materials related to such Processing, including 

without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any Losses whatsoever
with respect to death or injury to person or damage to property, provided that
Gilead provides Patheon with prompt notice of any such Third Party Claim and
the exclusive ability to defend (with the reasonable cooperation of Gilead) or
settle any such Third Party Claim. 

(c) In
the event that the Parties cannot agree as to the application of Sections
7.1(a) and 7.1(b) above to any particular Third Party Claim, the Parties may
conduct separate defenses of such Third Party Claim. Each Party further reserves the right to claim indemnity from the
other in accordance with Sections 7.1(a) and 7.1(b) above upon resolution of
the underlying claim, notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 7.1(a) and
7.1(b) above requiring the indemnified Party to tender to the indemnifying
Party the exclusive ability to defend such Third Party Claim. The indemnified Party shall not compromise
or settle any such Third Party Claim without the indemnifying Party s prior
written consent. The indemnifying Party shall not compromise or settle any such
Third Party Claim for any damages other than monetary damages without the
indemnified Party s prior written consent. 
No such consent of an indemnified or indemnifying Party shall be
unreasonably withheld. 

7.2 Consequential
Damages . UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES
WHATSOEVER SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER IN CONTRACT, TORT,
NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY OR OTHERWISE FOR (A) ANY (DIRECT OR
INDIRECT) LOSS OF PROFITS, OF PRODUCTION, OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, OF BUSINESS
OR GOODWILL; OR (B) FOR ANY LIABILITY, DAMAGE, COSTS OR EXPENSE OF ANY KIND
INCURRED BY THE OTHER PARTY OF AN INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL NATURE, EXCEPT TO
THE EXTENT THAT A PARTY MAY BE REQUIRED TO INDEMNIFY THE OTHER PARTY UNDER
SECTION 7.1 FOR AMOUNTS PAID TO A THIRD PARTY. 

7.3 Limitation
Of Liability . 

(a) Active
Pharmaceutical Ingredients . 

(i) Patheon
shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to any quantity of API, except
where such loss or damage occurs while such materials are located on Patheon s
premises and results from Patheon s negligence or intentional misconduct or
failure by Patheon to provide the Processing services in accordance with the
Patheon Manufacturing Responsibilities, or where Patheon [ ] on a [ ] 
basis as provided in Section 5.6(a). In
such circumstances, Patheon s maximum liability shall be as outlined in Section
7.3(a)(iii). 

(ii) For
greater certainty, Gilead acknowledges that loss or damage of API in the course
of technology transfer from Gilead to Patheon, or as part of failed regulatory,
stability or test batches, shall not be regarded as lost due to the negligence
or intentional misconduct of Patheon unless and to the extent that Patheon did
not provide the Processing services in accordance with Patheon Manufacturing
Responsibilities. Further, Patheon
shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to any API where such loss or
damage occurs during a batch implementing a new process or procedure (a Development
Batch provided, however, that both Parties shall agree, prior to
commencement of manufacture of a batch, whether such 

batch shall be deemed a Development Batch. If the Parties do not agree in advance in writing that a given
batch is a Development batch, then such batch shall not be deemed to be a
Development Batch. 

(iii) Patheon s
maximum liability for loss or damage to any quantity of API for any reason
whatsoever including, without limitation, those referred to in Section 7.3(a)
(i) and (ii) shall be limited to the [ ] . 

(b) Drug
Products . Subject to Sections
5.4(c), 5.6 and 7.1(b), Patheon shall not be liable nor have any responsibility
for any deficiencies in, or other liabilities associated with, any Drug Product
manufactured by it, including, without limitation, any deficiencies or defects
with respect to an Excipient which were not ascertainable by Patheon pursuant
to Section 3.1(c); the Specifications; or the safety, efficacy or marketability
of such Drug Product or any distribution thereof. 

7.4 Expenses . No Party shall be required to pay over to
another amounts called for under this Article VII until the final resolution of
the claim, action, suit or proceeding from which the right to such payment
arose. 

ARTICLE VIII 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION 

8.1 Obligation . During the Term of this Agreement and for a
period of ten (10) years thereafter, the receiving Party (the Receiving
Party shall maintain in confidence all Confidential Information, as
defined in Section 8.2 below, and shall not use, disclose or grant use of such
Confidential Information except as expressly authorized by this Agreement. The Receiving Party may disclose
Confidential Information, as authorized hereunder, only to those employees or
consultants of the Receiving Party who agree to be bound by the terms of this
Article VIII. The Receiving Party shall
use the strictest standard of care which is practical to ensure that such
employees do not disclose or make any unauthorized use of Confidential
Information. The Receiving Party shall
promptly notify the Disclosing Party (as defined in Section 8.2) upon discovery
of any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information. 

8.2 Definition . As used in this Agreement, the term
 Confidential Information shall mean any information, either enabling or
disabling, including but not limited to the terms of this Agreement, any batch
record, any purchase order or other commercial relationship between the
Parties, know-how, trade secret, research, data, process, technique, algorithm,
program, design, drawing, formula, experimental design or test data relating to
any research project, work in process, future development, scientific,
manufacturing, marketing, business plan, financial or personnel matter relating
to the disclosing party (the Disclosing Party ), its present or future
products, sales, suppliers, customers, employees, investors or business, or to
any Invention that is the property of the Disclosing Party, whether in oral,
written, graphic or electronic form disclosed by or on behalf of the Disclosing
Party under this Agreement. The term
 Confidential Information shall include, without limitation: (i) the
information contained in the batch records 

delivered to Gilead; (ii) any cost information related to the
Processing of Drug Product, including the cost of the Materials or Processing;
and (iii) the Specifications for Drug Product. 
All Confidential Information (as such term is defined in the Viread
Agreement) disclosed pursuant to the Viread Agreement shall be deemed to be the
Confidential Information under this Agreement of the Disclosing Party or, in
the case of Gilead, of Gilead where the disclosing party was an Affiliate of
Gilead Sciences or Gilead World. 

8.3 Exceptions . Each of Patheon and Gilead shall be relieved
of any and all of the obligations under Section 8.1 regarding Confidential
Information which: (i) was known by the Receiving Party prior to receipt
hereunder (unless it became so known to the Receiving Party under a separate
agreement of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party in which case this
exception shall not apply); (ii) at the time of disclosure, was generally
available to the public, or which after disclosure hereunder becomes generally available
to the public through no fault attributable to the Receiving Party; or (iii) is
hereafter made available for use or disclosure from any third party having a
right to do so. 

8.4 Permitted
Disclosures . Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, each Party may disclose Confidential
Information of the other Party: 

(a) to
the extent and to the persons and entities required by an applicable
governmental law, rule, regulation or order; provided, however , that the
Party required to disclose Confidential Information shall first have given
prompt notice to the other Party hereto to enable it to seek any available
exemptions from or limitations on such disclosure requirement and shall
reasonably cooperate in such efforts by the other Party; 

(b) to
the extent and to the persons and entities required by rules of the National
Association of Securities Dealers or other applicable securities laws, rules or
regulations; 

(c) to
the extent and to the persons and entities required for purposes of making Regulatory
Filings for any Drug Product; 

(d) as
necessary to file or prosecute patent applications, prosecute or defend
litigation or otherwise establish rights or enforce obligations under this
Agreement, but only to the extent that any such disclosure is necessary; and 

(e) where
such Confidential Information consists of Patheon batch records, protocols,
validation reports or technical reports, to the extent and to the persons and
entities solely as necessary for the purpose of controlling and setting process
parameters relating to Drug Products, including but not limited to disclosure
by Gilead to its bona fide third-party supplier(s) of processing services for
Drug Products solely as necessary for such purpose, provided that any
disclosure under this Section 8.4(e) may be made only under an agreement of
confidentiality containing provisions as least as strict as those in this
Article 8. 

8.5 Trademarks
And Trade Names . 

(a) Each
Party hereby acknowledges that it does not have, and shall not acquire, any
interest in any of the other Party s trademarks or trade names unless otherwise
expressly agreed. 

(b) Each
Party agrees not to use any trade names or trademarks of the other Party,
except as specifically authorized by the other Party in writing both as to the
names or marks which may be used and as to the manner and prominence of use. 

8.6 Improvements . 

(a) Patheon
acknowledges and agrees that it has no proprietary Intellectual Property in the
current manufacturing process for any of the Drug Products, as set forth in the
Specifications. The Parties acknowledge
that Patheon, independently or jointly with Gilead, may develop improvements to
the Specifications, inventions and other know-how (including without limitation
data, information, processes, techniques, methods, and unpatentable inventions)
in the course of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement Improvements ).
Patheon shall reasonably cooperate with Gilead in identifying any potential
Improvements in the Processing of Drug Products and agrees to disclose any such
Improvements to Gilead prior to implementing such Improvements in the
Processing of the applicable Drug Product under this Agreement. 

(b) All
Improvements that relate solely to any API, any [ ] of an API, and/or Drug Product (or combination of any of
the foregoing) shall be and remain the exclusive property of Gilead
(collectively, the Product-Specific Improvements ). Patheon hereby assigns its entire right,
title and interest in the Product-Specific Inventions to Gilead. Patheon shall take all reasonable steps and
execute and deliver all documents reasonably required for Gilead to evidence or
record such assignment. Patheon shall
only use in its performance under this Agreement, employees or consultants of
Patheon who have agreed in writing to assign the Product-Specific Inventions to
Patheon. 

(c) All
Improvements that relate to any API, [ ] 
an API or Drug Product, but also have application [ ] the API, [ ] 
or Drug Product, (collectively, the Broader Improvements shall be and remain
the exclusive property of Patheon. 
Patheon hereby grants to Gilead an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide,
royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense (through one or more tiers
of sublicensees), under the Broader Improvements to research, develop, make,
have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise commercialize
Gilead s (and its Affiliates and licensees products throughout the world. 

(d) Patheon
shall not use any of Patheon s patented or trade secret technology in its
performance under this Agreement, without the prior written consent of Gilead,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or unduly delayed. The Parties shall agree, prior to the
addition of each subsequent Product-Specific Appendix, whether Patheon shall
use any such patented or trade secret technology in the Processing for the
given Drug Product, and will set forth their agreement in such Product-Specific
Appendix. 

ARTICLE IX 
 
 TERM;
TERMINATION 

9.1 Term . This Agreement shall commence on the
Effective Date and shall remain in effect until the termination of all
Product-Specific Appendices, unless terminated earlier by one of the Parties as
provided herein (the Term ). 
The initial term for each Product-Specific Appendix is set forth in Exhibit
C of such Product-Specific Appendix (the Initial Term and shall automatically
continue for successive one (1) calendar year terms, unless either Party gives
written notice to the other Party of its intention to terminate such
Product-Specific Appendix at least [ ] 
months prior to the end of the then-current term. 

9.2 Surviving
Obligations . Termination or
expiration of this Agreement shall not: (a) affect any other rights of either
Party which may have accrued up to the date of such termination or expiration;
or (b) relieve Gilead of its obligation to pay to Patheon sums due in respect
of Drug Product delivered prior to termination or expiration of this
Agreement. The provisions of Sections
3.6, 3.7, 6.2, 9.2, and 9.5, and Articles V, VI, VII, VIII, and X shall survive
the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 

9.3 Termination . 

(a) Either
Party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other Party if
the other Party commits any material breach of this Agreement which the breaching
Party fails to cure within [ ] 
days following written notice from the nonbreaching Party specifying such
breach. 

(b) Either
Party may terminate this Agreement, effective immediately upon the giving of
written notice, if the other Party shall file a petition for bankruptcy, or
shall be adjudicated bankrupt, or shall take advantage of the insolvency laws
of any state of the United States, or shall make an assignment for the benefit
of creditors, or shall have a receiver, whether appointed by private instrument
or court officer, appointed for its property. 

(c) Any
termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not affect any outstanding
obligations or payments due hereunder prior to such termination or expiration,
nor shall it prejudice any other remedies that the Parties may have under this
Agreement. 

(d) Patheon
may terminate this Agreement upon [ ] 
prior written notice if Gilead assigns pursuant to Section 10.9 any of its
rights under this Agreement to an assignee (excluding any Gilead Affiliates)
that is, in the opinion of Patheon acting reasonably, not a credit worthy
substitute for Gilead, is a competitor of Patheon within the field of
pharmaceutical contract manufacturing services or pharmaceutical contract
development services, or with whom Patheon has had prior materially negative
business relations (e.g., Patheon having encountered uncured instances of
non-payment of amounts due under a contract or other uncured material breaches)
and has good cause to believe that any future business relations with such
assignee will be similarly negative. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Patheon
shall continue to supply the Drug Products pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement until such time as Gilead is able to establish 

adequate alternative supply (i.e., its alternative supplier is
regulatorily approved); provided that (i) Gilead shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to promptly establish adequate alternative supply and (ii)
Gilead remains liable hereunder. 

(e) Further
Gilead Termination Rights. 

(i) If
a Delivery Default has occurred pursuant to Section 5.3(d) and Patheon and
Gilead cannot reach a satisfactory Amending Agreement pursuant to Section
5.3(e) within [ ] days, then
Gilead, at its option, may either terminate this Agreement upon [ ] days written notice to Patheon (in
which case Patheon shall have no right to cure the breach underlying such
conditions) or refer the issue of the terms of such Amending Agreement to
binding arbitration pursuant to Schedule D. 

(ii) If
a Delivery Default has occurred subsequent to an Amending Agreement being made
by Patheon and Gilead which includes [ ] ,
then Gilead may either terminate the Agreement or require Patheon to [ ] in accordance with the Amending
Agreement. These remedies are mutually
exclusive in respect to any Delivery Default and cannot be incurred
concurrently or sequentially in respect of the same Delivery Default. 

9.4 Product
Discontinuation/Withdrawal . During
the Term of this Agreement Gilead shall provide at least (a) [ ] advance notice if it intends to no
longer order a Drug Product due to that Drug Product s discontinuation in the
market and (b) [ ] advance notice
if a Drug Product is withdrawn from the market pursuant to an order by the
applicable Regulatory Authority. Upon the expiration of the applicable notice
period in this Section 9.4, this Agreement shall terminate solely with respect
to such Drug Product. 

9.5 Obligations
on Termination. 

(a) If
this Agreement expires or is terminated in whole or in part for any reason
other than a material default by Patheon of its obligations under this
Agreement, Gilead shall: 

(i) purchase
the Inventory, at such cost that Patheon had expended to acquire such
Inventory, applicable to the Drug Product which was purchased, produced or
maintained by Patheon in contemplation of filling Firm Orders or in accordance
with Section 2.3 prior to notice of termination being given; 

(ii) purchase
all undelivered Drug Product which were Processed and/or packaged pursuant to a
Firm Order, at the price in effect at the time the Firm Order was placed; and 

(iii) satisfy
the purchase price payable pursuant to Patheon s non-cancelable orders with
suppliers of Materials, provided such orders were made by Patheon in reliance
on Firm Orders or in accordance with Section 2.3. 

(b) If
this Agreement is terminated as a result of a material default by Patheon of
its obligations under this Agreement, Gilead agrees to purchase such of the
items referred to in (a), (b) and (c) above as it determines, acting
reasonably, that can be used by Gilead. 

(c) The
provisions of Article 5 will survive with respect to any purchases of Drug
Product pursuant to this Section 9.5. 

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS 

10.1 Recall . In the event that Drug Product is recalled
or that Gilead is required to disseminate information regarding such Drug
Products, Gilead shall so notify Patheon and, not later than may be required to
permit Gilead to meet such obligations, Patheon shall provide Gilead, at
Gilead s cost, with such assistance in connection with such recall as may
reasonably be requested by Gilead. If a
Drug Product is recalled due to Patheon s negligence or failure to perform in
accordance with the Patheon Manufacturing Responsibilities, Patheon shall be responsible
for the costs reasonably required to effect such recall. 

10.2 Insurance . Each Party shall maintain comprehensive
general liability insurance, including blanket contractual liability insurance
covering the obligations of that Party under this Agreement through the Term of
this Agreement and for [ ] years
thereafter, which insurance shall afford limits of not less than [ ] dollars [ ] ), for each occurrence, in the aggregate for bodily injury
liability, personal injury liability, products liability, property damage
liability, contractual liability and completed operations liability. Each Party will provide the other with a
certificate of insurance evidencing the above and showing the name of the
issuing company, the policy number, the effective date, the expiration date and
the limits of liability. Each Party
will provide at least [ ] days 
written notice to the other Party of a cancellation of, or a material change
in, the insurance of the first Party. 

10.3 Independent
Parties . The Parties are not
employees, partners, or legal representatives of the other Party for any
purpose. Neither Party shall have the
authority to enter into any contracts in the name of or on behalf of the other
Party. 

10.4 Governing
Law . This Agreement is made in
accordance with, and shall be governed and construed under the laws of, the
State of New York, excluding its choice of law rules. Both parties hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and
venue of the state and federal courts of competent subject matter jurisdiction
located within the State of New York, and waive any defenses they may have to
the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. 

10.5 Notice . Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement,
all notices, including notice of address change, required or permitted to be
given under this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to have been
received: (a) when received if hand delivered; (b) four (4) days after being
sent by first class U.S. mail, postage prepaid; (c) one (1) business day after
being sent by overnight courier; (d) one (1) business day after facsimile
transmission to the number(s) below, with receipt confirmed; or (e) one (1)
business day after electronic mail transmission to 

the email address(es) below, with receipt confirmed, in each case
addressed to the address set forth below. 

If to Gilead: 

Gilead Sciences, Inc. 

 333 Lakeside Drive 

 Foster City, CA 94044 

 Attention: 
Vice President and General Counsel 

 Facsimile: 
 [ ] 

 Email Address: [ ] 

With a copy to: 

Gilead Sciences, Inc. 

 333 Lakeside Drive 

 Foster City, CA 94044 

 Attention: 
Director, Manufacturing 

 Facsimile: 
 [ ] 

 Email Address: [ ] 

If to Patheon: 

Patheon Inc. 

 7070 Mississauga Road, Suite 350 

 Mississauga, Ontario L5N 7J8 

 Attention: 
President 

 Facsimile: 
 [ ] 

 Email Address: [ ] 

10.6 Severability . In the event any provision of this Agreement
is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the valid or enforceable portion
thereof and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full
force and effect. 

10.7 Waiver . Any waiver (express or implied) by either Party
of any breach of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of any other or
subsequent breach. 

10.8 Entire
Agreement . This Agreement
(including without limitation the schedules, appendices and the exhibits
attached hereto) and the Viread Agreement constitutes the entire, final,
complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties and supersedes all
previous agreements or representations, written or oral, with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement. This
Agreement may not be modified or amended except in writing signed by a duly
authorized representative of each Party. 
Any term or condition in any order, confirmation 

or other document furnished by Gilead or Patheon which is in any way
inconsistent with the terms set forth herein is hereby expressly rejected. 

10.9 Nonassignability: Binding on Successors . Except in connection with any sale of all or
substantially all of either Party s assets, whether by merger or otherwise, any
attempted assignment of the rights or delegation of the obligations under this
Agreement shall be void without the prior written consent of the nonassigning
Party. In the case of any permitted
assignment or transfer of or under this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding
upon, and inure to the benefit of, the successors, and permitted assigns of the
Parties hereto. 

10.10 Force
Majeure . Neither Party shall be
liable to the other for its failure to perform any of its obligations under
this Agreement, except for payment obligations, during any period in which such
performance is delayed or rendered impracticable or impossible due to
circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation
earthquakes, governmental regulations, riots, wars, acts of terrorism, fires,
floods, storms, interruption of supply of API (to the extent beyond such
Party s reasonable control), Excipients and Components, interruption of or
delay in transportation (to the extent beyond such Party s reasonable control),
civil disorder, acts of God, defective equipment (to the extent beyond such
Party s reasonable control), lack of or inability to obtain fuel, power or
Materials (to the extent beyond such Party s reasonable control), or compliance
with any order or regulation of any government entity acting within color of
right, provided that the Party experiencing the delay promptly notifies the
other Party of the delay. Specifically
excluded from this provision are the following circumstances that interfere,
delay or render impossible the ability of Patheon to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement: (a) strike, lockout, or work or labor
slowdowns at Patheon s Facility(ies), (b) governmental action to which
Patheon s response is not reasonable, and (c) shutdowns due to Patheon s
failure to make reasonable efforts to comply with government orders or
regulations. With respect to any of the
specifically excluded circumstances in the foregoing sentence, Patheon shall
promptly inform Gilead of any such circumstance, its extent and duration, and
any failure of Patheon to perform hereunder due to such an excluded
circumstance shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. 

10.11 Publicity . Neither Party will make any announcement nor
other public statement concerning the existence or terms of this Agreement
without the consent of the other Party, except as required by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence,
Patheon may, without Gilead s consent, disclose in presentations to groups
consisting only of current or good faith potential investors or in small group
meetings with groups consisting only of only current or good faith potential
inventors that Gilead is a client of Patheon, but Patheon may not disclose any
specific Drug Products or other products that are or are not manufactured for
or supplied to Gilead or any other specific services that are or are not
performed for Gilead. 

10.12 Captions . The Parties agree that the headings in the
Agreement are used for the convenience of the Parties only and are not intended
to be used in the interpretation of the Agreement. 

10.13 Reference
to Patheon . Drug Product shall be
marketed without label reference to Patheon except to the extent required by
law, in which case any label reference shall be to Patheon as a manufacturer
only. 

10.14 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts with the same force and effect as if each of the signatories had
executed the same instrument. 

10.15 Currency . Unless otherwise indicated, all monetary
amounts are expressed in this Agreement in the lawful currency of the United
States of America. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this
Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

GILEAD WORLD MARKETS, LIMITED 

PATHEON INC. 

By: 

By: 

Name: 

Name: 

Title: 

Title: 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE A 

YIELD CALCULATION SCHEDULE 

1. Yield-Related
Definitions: 

(a) Actual Yield 
shall mean, for a given API in each time period the [ ] . 

(b) [ ] Percentage shall mean the percentage of
the [ ] Yield set out in Exhibit C
of the Product-Specific Appendix hereto for the corresponding Drug Product. 

(c) [ ] Yield shall mean, for a given API, the [ ] Yield for such API, less the [ ] . 

(d) [ ] shall mean, for a given API in each
time period, the total amount of that API [ ] 
the relevant Drug Product during such time period. The [ ] excludes API
 [ ] in Drug Product that is
properly rejected under Section 5.4. 
For clarity, the [ ] of a
given API includes quantities of such API [ ] 
delivered during the applicable time period under Section 7.3(b). 

(e) [ ] shall mean, for a given API in each
time period, the total quantity of such API [ ] 
is calculated by adding the [ ] of
the applicable API [ ] during the
applicable time period to the [ ] 
API for such Drug Product held at the beginning of the such period, [ ] API held at the [ ] Yield shall mean, for a given API in each
time period, the end of such period. 

(f) [ ] Yield shall mean, for a given API in each
time period, the [ ] in Section 3
below in this Yield Calculation Schedule. 

2. Yield-Related
Reports: Within [ ] days
after the end of each calendar quarter during the Term of this Agreement,
Patheon will submit to Gilead a report showing for each Drug Product (a) all
API received during each calendar quarter, (b) the quantities of each API held
in inventory, (c) all API contained in work-in-process and incorporated in
finished Drug Product (including samples) as of the end of each month of such
quarter and (d) the quantities of each Drug Product shipped during each month
of such quarter. The report shall also
indicate the actual conversion ratios experienced during each calendar month of
such quarter. 

3. Setting
the [ ] Yield: Promptly after (and in any event, no more
than [ ] days after) Patheon has
completed a [ ] number of batches
of a particular Drug Product at a given Facility pursuant to this Agreement
(the Evaluation
Batches ), as set forth in the Product-Specific Appendix, the
Parties shall determine a [ ] 
Yield and the [ ] Percentage for
such Drug Product. Such [ ] Yield shall be (a) the [ ] Yield for the Evaluation Batches
(excluding any failed batches) divided by the number of Evaluation Batches [ ] , multiplied by (b) one hundred
(100). The [ ] Percentage shall be determined by [ ] . 

4. Calculation
of [ ] Yield for a given
Drug Product: 

[ ] Yield = [ ] 

x 100 

[ ] 

5. Calculation
of [ ] Yield for a Given
Drug Product: 

[ ] 
Yield = [ ] 

6. Patheon s
 [ ] Yield: Once a [ ] 
Yield has been set with respect to a given Drug Product, if the [ ] Yield for a delivery of Drug Product [ ] the applicable [ ] Yield for that Year, then Patheon shall
be [ ] for [ ] pursuant to Section 5.6(a) for the [ ] based on the following calculation: 

[ ] 
= [ ] 
 [ ] [ ] [ ] 

SCHEDULE B 

QUALITY AGREEMENT(S) 

QUALITY AGREEMENT ON THE TASKS AND DIVISION
OF RESPONSIBILITIES 

Defined roles and responsibilities of Patheon and Gilead are referenced
in the attached agreement, effective January 1, 2003, as may be amended thereto
from time to time through mutual written agreement of the Parties. 

SCHEDULE C-1 

FORM OF PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS 

EXHIBIT A to APPENDIX [ ] [DRUG NAME] 

DRUG SUBSTANCE, EXCIPIENT AND COMPONENT
SPECIFICATIONS AND TESTING for

All API, Excipient and Component testing shall be performed in
accordance with the following Specifications, as may be amended from time to
time by mutual written agreement of the Parties: 

DESCRIPTION 

SPECIFICATION 

API 

Excipients 

Components 

[ ] to any entity
other than Gilead without Gilead s prior written consent. ] 

1 

SCHEDULE C-2 

FORM OF FINISHED PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS AND
TESTING REQUIREMENTS 

EXHIBIT B TO APPENDIX [ ] [DRUG NAME] 

1 

SCHEDULE C-3 

FORM OF PRICING AND API SCHEDULE 

EXHIBIT C TO APPENDIX [ ] [DRUG NAME] 

1. Launch Supplies 

Pricing for packaged
 
prepared according to Kg batch sizes
in preparation for launch are established according to the schedule below. This pricing reflects initial packaging as
unlabeled bottles followed by subsequent labeling and cartoning with inserts. 

USA 
 Kg 
 Brite Stock 

USA 
 Kg 
 Brite Stock 

USA 
 Kg 
 Brite Stock 

30 s 
 Bottles [ ] 

30 s 
 Bottles [ ] 

30 s 
 Bottles [ ] 

Minimum Order Quantity (units) 

Run Quantity (units) 

Price p/unit 

Prices quoted in USD 

1 

2. [ ] Product Pricing and [ ] Product Pricing: 

Pricing for packaged
 
are established according to the schedule below. This pricing reflects all manufacturing, primary packaging and
secondary packaging as required for the [ ] . 

Price per 30 s 
 Bottle in USD 

Pricing for kg
 Batch Size 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Minimum
 order quantity (Batches) 

Pricing for kg
 Batch Size 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Minimum
 order quantity (Batches) 

Conditions: 

3. Gilead s
Actual Standard API Cost for 200( ): 

4. Patheon s
Annual API Cap: 

5. Territory: 

6. Facility(ies):

7. Yearly
Minimum Volume for 200( ): 

8. [ ] Percentage for 200( ): 

9. Number
of Evaluation Batches to Set [ ]
Yield: 

10. [ ] Yield for 200( ): 

11. [ ] Yield for 200( ): 

12. Appendix
Effective Date: 

13. Initial
Term: 

2 

SCHEDULE D 

ARBITRATION 

(a) Referable
Issue . Only the issue of the terms
of an Amending Agreement under Sections 5.3(e) and 9.3(e)(i) Referable
Issue may be submitted for resolution and finally determined under
Schedule D. No other issues or disputes
arising under this Agreement, shall be resolved as set forth in this Schedule
D. 

(b) Finality
of Decision . The resolution of a
Referable Issue made pursuant to this Schedule D shall be a final resolution
and shall not be subsequently reviewable or justiciable in a court of law. 

(c) Selection
of Industry Expert . Within [ ] days after Gilead refers a Referable
Issue for resolution under this Schedule D, each Party shall propose one (1)
individual (i) having at least ten (10) years of significant management level
experience with respect to manufacturing operations in the biopharmaceutical
industry, (ii) that is not directly or indirectly affiliated with either Party
or with either Party s Affiliates, sublicensees or business partners, and (iii)
that does not have any direct or indirect interest of any kind in the
resolution of the Referable Issue (a person having such characteristics, a Qualified
Individual ). If the Parties
are able to agree as to one of the Qualified Individuals proposed by a Party to
resolve the Referable Issue within [ ] 
days after the date by which the Parties notices to identify Qualified
Individuals are due, then that person shall be the Industry Expert . If the Parties are unable to agree as to
such a person within such [ ] day
period, then within [ ] days after
expiration of such [ ] day period,
the two (2) Qualified Individuals chosen by the Parties shall select another
Qualified Individual before whom such Referable Issue shall be resolved, and
that person shall be the Industry Expert . 

(d) Resolution
of Referable Issue . Within [ ] 
days after the selection of the Industry Expert pursuant to Section (c) of this
Schedule D, each Party shall submit to the other Party and to the Industry
Expert a single, comprehensive, written proposal for the Amending Agreement,
including without limitation the proposed Amending Agreement itself and any
written materials in support of such proposal, with the entire submission of a
Party not to exceed [ ] pages in a
format substantially similar to this Agreement. Within [ ] days of
the submission deadline for the proposals, the Industry Expert shall adopt in
its entirety the single proposal of one of the Parties that the Industry Expert
determines to be the more reasonable proposal. 
The Industry Expert shall have no authority to combine elements from one
Party s proposal with elements from the other Party s proposal or to alter the
terms of either Party s proposal. The
Industry Expert shall determine the reasonableness of the Parties proposals
with respect to their terms based upon how well they reflect the following
principles: (i) acceptability in the biopharmaceutical manufacturing sector as
a commercially reasonable solution to the specific issues between the Parties;
(ii) preservation of the Parties ongoing manufacture and supply relationship
for the Drug Products; (iii) ability under the proposal of each Party, through
the use of commercially reasonable efforts, to attain the same economic
profitability it could attain through performance in compliance with the
original agreement; (iv) likelihood that the proposal 

1 

will incentivize each Party to perform its obligations as reflected in
the original Agreement; (v) minimization of interruption of supply, prompt
correction of prior shortages in supply and consistency of supply; and (vi)
ease of administration and implementation. 
Promptly after selection of a proposal by the Industry Expert, the
Parties shall execute and deliver the Amending Agreement included in the
proposal selected by the Industry Expert. 
Such Amending Agreement shall have retroactive effect to the date of the
Notice given pursuant to Section 5.3(c). 

(e) Interim
Performance; Costs . Until execution
and delivery of an Amending Agreement pursuant to Section (d) of this Schedule
D, the Parties shall continue to perform their obligations under this Agreement
in good faith and make any applicable payments accordingly. The Parties shall bear all expenses and
costs of the Industry Expert incurred pursuant to this Schedule D equally. 

2 

APPENDIX 1 -
TENOFOVIR DISOPROXIL FUMARATE 

EXHIBIT A 

DRUG SUBSTANCE, EXCIPIENT AND COMPONENT
SPECIFICATIONS 

All API, Excipient and Component testing shall be performed in
accordance with the following Specifications, as may be amended from time to
time by mutual written agreement of the Parties: 

DESCRIPTION 

CURRENT 
 GILEAD PART 
 NUMBER 

CURRENT GILEAD 
 SPECIFICATION 

API 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Excipients 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Primary Components 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

i 

APPENDIX 1
 TENOFOVIR DISOPROXIL FUMARATE 

EXHIBIT B 

FINISHED PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS AND TESTING
REQUIREMENTS FOR 
TENOFOVIR DISOPROXIL FUMARATE TABLETS 

1. Specifications to conform with [ ] , effective [ ] and [ ] 
effective [ ] , as may be amended
from time to time through mutual written agreement of the parties. 

2. Testing to be performed by Patheon in
accordance with the testing referenced in the above specification, according to
the standard test methods listed or mutually qualified equivalent methods and
as may be amended thereto from time to time through mutual written agreement of
the parties. 

i 

APPENDIX 1
 TENOFOVIR DISOPROXIL FUMARATE 

EXHIBIT C 

PRICING AND API SCHEDULE 

 FOR 2003 

1. Launch
Supplies: [ ] 

2. Product
Pricing: 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

i 

Overall
Manufacturing and Packaging Assumptions 

a) Labeled packaging
configuration includes: [ ] 

 b) Unlabeled packaging
configuration includes: [ ] 

 c) Bulk packaging
configuration includes: [ ] 

 d) Unit pricing is based
on [ ] . A [ ] will apply if [ ] . 

 e) Unit pricing is
based on [ ] . A [ ] 
will apply if [ ] . 

 f) The minimum order quantity (Batches)
can be packaged in [ ] . The [ ] 
campaign can [ ] . 

 g) Conditions: 

 [ ] 

Sub Lot Packaging[ ] Market Assumptions 

a) Gilead is [ ] the packaging of a batch [ ] . 

 b) For markets using the same packaging
formats, the [ ] cost per unit
applies with [ ] as noted. This requires inserts, cartons and labels to
be essentially the same with text differences. 

 c) Order quantities [ ] for each label will apply. The costs associate with the extra plates
and dies are [ ] . 

 d) [ ] 
are applicable for each time that the [ ] . No more than [ ] per batch will be allowed. 

 e) For packaging configurations that
represent different label, carton, or insert sizes or physical configurations,
a separate quote will be issued. 

ii 

3. 

Gilead s Actual Standard API Cost for 2003: 

[ ] 

4. 

Patheon s Annual API Cap: 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

5. 

Territory: 

[ ] 

6. 

Facility(ies): 

[ ] 

[ ] 

7. Yearly
Minimum Volume: The Yearly
Minimum Volume for Tenofovir Disoproxil Fumarate shall be the lesser of: 

(a) [ ] ;
or 

(b) [ ] 

8. 

[ ] 
 Percentage for 2003: 

[ ] 

9. 

Number of Evaluation Batches to Set [ ] Yield: 

[ ] 

10. 

[ ] Yield
 for 2003: 

[ ] 

11. 

[ ] Yield
 for 2003: 

[ ] 

12. 

[ ] Yield: 

[ ] 

13. 

Appendix Effective Date: 

January 1, 2003 

14. 

Initial Term: 

January 1, 2003 to December 31, 2007 

iii 

APPENDIX 2 ADEFOVIR DIPIVOXIL 

EXHIBIT A 

DRUG SUBSTANCE, EXCIPIENT AND COMPONENT
SPECIFICATIONS 

All API, Excipient and Component testing shall be performed in
accordance with the following Specifications, as may be amended from time to
time by mutual written agreement of the Parties: 

DESCRIPTION 

SPECIFICATION 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Primary Components 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

i 

APPENDIX 2 ADEFOVIR DIPIVOXIL 

EXHIBIT B 

FINISHED PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS AND TESTING
REQUIREMENTS 

1. Specifications to conform with [ ] , effective [ ] , as may be amended from time to time through mutual
written agreement of the parties. 

2. Testing to be performed by Patheon in
accordance with the testing referenced in the above specification, according to
the standard test methods listed or mutually qualified equivalent methods and
as may be amended thereto from time to time through mutual written agreement of
the parties. 

ii 

APPENDIX 2 ADEFOVIR DIPIVOXIL 

EXHIBIT C 

PRICING AND API SCHEDULE 

FOR 2003 

1. Launch
Supplies: [ ] 

2. Pricing[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Pricing [ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Overall
Manufacturing and Packaging Assumptions 

a) Labeled packaging
configuration includes: [ ] 

 b) Unlabeled packaging
configuration includes: [ ] 

 c) Bulk packaging
configuration includes: [ ] 

 d) Unit pricing is based
on [ ] . A [ ] will apply if [ ] . 

 e) Unit pricing is
based on [ ] . A [ ] 
will apply if [ ] . 

 f) The minimum order quantity (Batches)
can be packaged in [ ] . The minimum order quantity (Batches) for [ ] . 

 g) Conditions: 

 [ ] 

Sub Lot Packaging- Market Assumptions 

a) . 

 a) Gilead is [ ] the packaging of a batch [ ] 

 b) For markets using the same packaging
formats, the [ ] cost per unit
applies with [ ] as noted. This requires inserts, cartons and labels to
be essentially the same with text differences. 

 c) Order quantities [ ] for each label will apply. The costs associate with the extra plates
and dies are [ ] . 

 d) [ ] 
are applicable for each time that the [ ] . No more than [ ] per batch will be allowed. 

 e) For packaging configurations that
represent different label, carton, or insert sizes or physical configurations,
a separate quote will be issued. 

ii 

3. 

Gilead s Actual Standard Cost for 2003: 

[ ] 

4. 

Annual API Cap [ ]: 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

5. 

Territory: 

[ ] 

6. 

Facility(ies): 

[ ] 

[ ] 

7. 

Yearly Minimum Volume 

[ ] 

8. 

[ ] 
 Percentage for 2003: 

[ ] 

9. 

Number of Evaluation Batches to Set Target Yield: 

[ ] 

10. 

[ ] Yield
 for 2003: 

[ ] 

11. 

[ ] Yield
 for 2003: 

[ ] 

12. 

[ ] Yield: 

[ ] 

13. 

Appendix Effective Date: 

January 1, 2003 

14. 

Initial Term: 

January 1, 2003 to December 31, 2007 

iii 

</EX-10.66>

<EX-10.67>
 4
 a04-3258_1ex10d67.htm
 EX-10.67

Exhibit
10.67 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN
THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

Toll Manufacturing Agreement 

by and among 

Gilead World
Markets, Ltd 

 Queensgate
House 

 South Church
Street 

 PO Box 1234 GT 

 Grand Cayman 

 Cayman Islands 

Gilead
Sciences, Inc. 

 333 Lakeside
Drive 

 Foster City,
CA 94404 

 USA 

and 

ALTANA Pharma Oranienburg GmbH 

 Lehnitzstr. 70-98 

 16515
Oranienburg 

 Germany 

1 

TOLL
MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT 

This Amended And Restated Clinical and
Commercial Supply Agreement (the Agreement made and effective as of the 01
day of August, 2003 (the Effective Date among, on the one hand, Gilead World
Markets, Ltd., a Cayman Company Gilead World ), whose registered address is
Queensgate House, South Church Street, P.O. Box 1234GT, Grand Cayman, Cayman
Islands, and Gilead Sciences, Inc, a Delaware corporation Gilead
Sciences with its principal office located at 333 Lakeside Drive,
Foster City, CA 94404, USA (Gilead World and Gilead Sciences collectively, GILEAD ),
and, on the other hand, Altana Pharma Oranienburg GmbH, a German corporation APO having its principal place of business at Lehnitzstrasse 70-98, 16515
Oranienburg, Germany. Gilead and APO are sometimes referred to herein
individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 

WHEREAS, Gilead Sciences will require the
manufacture and supply of Drug Products (as hereinafter defined) for clinical
use in the Territory and Gilead World will require the manufacture and supply
of Drug Products for commercial distribution and sale in the Territory; and 

WHEREAS, GILEAD is a US biopharmaceutical
company that discovers, develops and commercialises therapeutics to advance the
care of patients suffering from life threatening diseases worldwide. 

WHEREAS, GILEAD has developed the API
tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (API, as hereinafter defined) and has filed
patents thereto and commercializes the finished product under the trademark
Viread either by itself or through its Affiliates on a world-wide basis; 

WHEREAS, GILEAD presently supplies the Finished 
 Product 
(as hereinafter defined) produced by a Third Party manufacturer Third Party
Manufacturer and its UK located affiliate GILEAD Sciences
International Ltd. Cambridge is the holder of the Marketing Approval (Approval
No.: [ ] pursuant to EU
regulation 2309/93/EEC (as amended) or any implementation of it under the laws
of any relevant EU member state where GILEAD markets the Finished Product; 

WHEREAS, APO is the holder of the
Manufacturing authorization pursuant to Directive 75/319/EEC (as amended) and
any implementation of it under the laws of Germany for the manufacturing of
products at its site at [ ] and it
is interested in Manufacturing the Bulk Product (as hereinafter defined) for
GILEAD; 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties thereby agree as
follows: 

DEFINITIONS 

(A) Affiliate 
of a Party shall mean a corporation or other corporate entity that owns, is
owned by or is under common direct or indirect ownership with such Party, where
 own , owned and ownership refer to ownership of over fifty percent (50 of the voting shares or other voting interest of such entity or the ability to
control or direct management of such entity. 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN
THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

2 

(B) API 
shall mean the active pharmaceutical ingredient tenofovir disoproxil fumarate
to be used by APO in the Manufacture of the Bulk Product; 

(C) [ ] shall mean, for the API, the [ ] value identified as such in Schedule H 
that shall be subject to credit or reimbursement by APO pursuant to Section 2.7
 [ ] . 

(D) Bulk 
 Product(s) 
shall mean the API in its finished form as coated tablet(s) containing 300 mg
of API in bulk, unlabelled after completion of all processing stages up to, but
not including, final packaging as identified in Schedule A hereto, having
the Specifications contained in Schedule C attached hereto; 

(E) cGMPs 
shall mean current Good Manufacturing Practices regulations promulgated by the
EU Regulatory Agencies or the FDA, in respect of medicinal products as well as
by the Quality Agreement, each in their respective current versions; 

(F) Components 
means, collectively, raw materials, excipients and ingredients, required to be
used in order to produce the Bulk Product in accordance with the
Specifications, other than the API, as set forth in Schedule D ; 

(G) Confidential
Information shall have the meaning given such term in Section 15.1. 

(H) Controlled 
means, with respect to a patent, know-how or any other item of intellectual
property, owned by or licensed to a Party with the ability to sublicense it to
the other Party in accordance with this Agreement, without violating or
breaching any agreement with any third party. 

(I) EU
Regulatory Agency shall mean the Regulatory Agency of the European
Union or their national equivalents; 

(J) FDA shall
mean the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or any successor agency. 

(K) Finished
Product(s) shall mean the fully packaged Bulk Product
with all necessary product information leaflets, i.e. SPC in the saleable form
as approved by the relevant regulatory authority in the Territory 

(L) Know-how 
shall mean the information and know-how necessary for the Manufacturing of the
Bulk Product to the exclusion, however, of the manufacturing know-how for the
API; 

(M) Inventory 
means all inventories of Components and work-in-process produced or held by APO
in connection with the Manufacture of the Bulk Product in accordance with the
Specifications, but, for greater clarity, does not include the API; 

(N) Manufacture or Manufacturing shall
mean the converting of API supplied by GILEAD or its appointee into Bulk
Product by APO at the Manufacturing Location, including the required analyses
and testing of API and such Bulk Products, and the bulk packing and dispatch
labelling of such Bulk Product for shipment to GILEAD or its appointee, to the
exclusion of the manufacture of API by APO; 

3 

(O) Manufacturing
Location shall mean the Manufacturing location for the Bulk Product
of APO at [ ] ; 

(P) Marketing
Authorization means the authorization to market Finished Product in
a jurisdiction issued by the appropriate Regulatory Agency in such
jurisdiction. 

(Q) Release
Documents means the documentation specified pursuant to Sections
2.2.3 and 2.2.4 of the Quality Agreement that is required for GILEAD to release
a batch of Bulk Product and authorize shipment thereof. 

(R) Quality
Agreement shall mean the agreement on the pharmaceutical
responsibilities of the Parties attached to this Agreement as Schedule B ,
with Gilead Sciences performing responsibilities for itself and on behalf of
Gilead World. 

(S) Specification(s) 
shall mean all Manufacturing, (primary) packaging, quality assurance and
release specifications in regards to Bulk Products set forth in Schedule C 
 and in regards to API set forth in Schedule D attached hereto;
such Specifications shall be supplied by GILEAD at its sole responsibility; 

(T) Term 
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4; 

(U) Territory shall
mean all the countries of the world in which GILEAD has notified APO that
Finished Products shall be marketed; 

(V) Year 
shall meanthe twelve month period commencing, in the case of the first Year
(regarding the remaining months) of this Agreement, on the Effective Date, and
thereafter commencing upon completion of the immediately preceding Year; 

(W) Working
Day(s) shall mean any working day (with the
exclusion of Saturday and Sunday) on which banks are normally open in USA, and
in Germany for the transaction of business; 

SECTION 1 

 BULK PRODUCT SUPPLY COMMITMENTS 

1.1 General.
 During the term of this Agreement, APO shall
Manufacture and supply to GILEAD the Bulk Product at the prices (the Supply
Price(s) indicated in Schedule A hereto (such prices being
subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms hereof), and GILEAD agrees
to purchase from APO the Bulk Products, subject to all other terms and
conditions of this Agreement, at the Supply Prices provided for in Schedule A . 

1.2 Acceptance
of Manufacturing Location by Regulatory Agencies in General. Such supply and purchase obligations shall be conditional upon
acceptance of the Manufacturing Location by the regulatory authorities of the
Territory. With the effective date of [ ] ,
the EMEA has granted APO a manufacturing authorization to Manufacture the Bulk
Product. 

4 

1.3 Acceptance of Manufacturing Location by Regulatory Agencies of the
European Community. APO
represents and warrants that it is the holder of the Manufacturing
authorization pursuant to Directive 75/319/EEC (as amended) and any
implementation of it under the laws of Germany for the manufacturing of certain
solid pharmaceutical products at its Manufacturing Location. 

1.4 Manufacturing of Bulk Product for the
United States of America . GILEAD may elect to have
APO Manufacturing Bulk Product also for the United States, upon which terms and
conditions are to be agreed. In such case , GILEAD shall inform APO of such intention
in writing and duly in advance; the Parties shall determine the possible
consequences of the Manufacture of the Bulk Product for the US market, and they
shall initiate the necessary steps to apply to the FDA for approval of
Manufacture of the Bulk Product to be placed on the USA market and to comply
with the applicable laws and regulations. 

SECTION 2 

 SUPPLY OF API 

2.1 Supply of API by GILEAD. GILEAD or an
Affiliate of GILEAD shall supply, or arrange for the supply by their contract
manufacturers of, API to APO for the Manufacture of Bulk Product and APO shall
Manufacture Bulk Product exclusively from API supplied by GILEAD, an Affiliate
of GILEAD, or a contract manufacturer thereof. In respect of the supply of API,
the Parties agree as follows: 

2.2 Timely Supply. GILEAD undertakes by
itself or through an assignee to timely supply API directly to the
Manufacturing Location as further provided hereinafter. APO shall be under no
duty to Manufacture the Bulk Products (including validation batches), nor meet
delivery dates provided in the Binding Orders, to the extent that GILEAD does
not supply API in a timely fashion, whether said supply is provided by GILEAD
or a permitted appointee of GILEAD. 

2.3 Conditions of Supply and Delivery. GILEAD
undertakes to supply API to APO [ ] .
All the API provided by GILEAD shall be properly packed, marked, sealed and
air-shipped [ ] (Incoterms 2000)
in accordance with GILEAD s shipping and packing instructions and with APO s
instructions for delivery, provided that at GILEAD s request and expense, APO
will provide reasonable assistance in arranging for any necessary import
clearance and licenses. Delivery of API shall be made at the Manufacturing
Location between 9.00 a.m. and 4.00 p.m. during Working Days. 

2.4 Certification and Incoming Inspection of API. The API delivered by GILEAD or its permitted appointee shall be in
compliance with the Specifications and any other legal requirements and shall
be accompanied by a Certificate of Analysis and a Certificate of Compliance.
GILEAD will include the
information about gross weight, net weight and tara on the label of each barrel
of API. APO
agrees to inspect the API delivered and to check it solely for identity,
quantity and conformity with the bill of lading and, as far as reasonably
possible, any damages suffered during shipping and any other obvious defects of
the API delivered within [ ] 
following receipt. APO will check the
gross weight of each barrel within such [ ] 
period and will confirm the net weight of each barrel in the course of
performing the API weighing process for production orders. 

2.5. Failure of API to satisfy Incoming Inspection. If the API delivered by GILEAD or its 

5 

permitted appointee to APO fails the
inspections to be carried out during the [ ] 
following receipt as provided under Section 2.4 above, due to a discrepancy
from the bill of lading due to lack of identity or a difference in gross
weight, or to physical damages or other obvious defects, APO undertakes to
notify GILEAD without undue delay in writing. GILEAD shall, upon receiving such
written notice from APO, use commercially reasonable efforts to replace the
rejected API as soon as reasonably possible; in any event, the provisions of
Section 2.9 shall apply. 

2.6. Title to API. All API (whether being
held for Manufacture or in the process of Manufacture) supplied to APO by
GILEAD or by a permitted appointee of GILEAD in accordance with this Agreement
shall at all times be and remain the property of GILEAD, and shall be treated
by APO in all respects as such, and shall be stored and handled in a manner to
prevent contamination by other drugs and chemicals and in accordance with
GILEAD s instructions as set forth in Schedule D hereto, which GILEAD may
update from time to time with APO s approval, not to be unreasonably withheld. 

2.7 API Lost or Destroyed. APO shall
compensate GILEAD for any API lost or destroyed during the storage of API, or
during the Manufacture or storage of the Bulk Product, which in any Year [ ] which will be set forth in accordance
with Schedule
 H hereto, at the price as likewise set forth under such Schedule H ,
 [ ] . In any event, it remains understood and
agreed between the Parties that APO shall not be responsible for any loss or
damage to the API, except where such loss or damage [ ] provided under Section 1.1 or is otherwise due to [ ] ; and that APO s liability shall be
limited to [ ] as likewise set
forth under Schedule H . Upon a determination that API has been lost or
destroyed such that APO is required to compensate GILEAD, APO shall [ ] GILEAD for the compensable amount. 

2.8. Defects of Bulk Product attributable to Defective API. With respect to defects of the Bulk Product attributable to
defective API, the provisions of Section 8.5 of this Agreement shall apply. 

2.9. Delays in Delivery of API or Replacement Deliveries of API pursuant
to Section 2.4. If GILEAD should fail to make
timely delivery of API, or of a replacement delivery of API, to APO, the
provisions of Section 2.1 hereof shall apply and APO shall not be liable for
any breach of its obligations hereunder due to such events caused by GILEAD, provided,
however, that APO shall be liable for any breach of its obligations
due to failure to properly and timely inspect API pursuant to Section 2.4. 

2.10 Destruction of Defective API. If API in
the possession of APO is determined by the Parties to be defective, then APO
will destroy it in compliance with GILEAD s instructions and applicable laws,
rules and regulations, with GILEAD to bear the expenses thereof unless the
defect was introduced after delivery to APO pursuant to Section 2.3. 

SECTION 3 

 MANUFACTURING LICENSE; MANUFACTURING BULK PRODUCT
BY APO 

3.1 Manufacturing
License. In relation to the grant of the
Manufacturing license by GILEAD to APO for purposes of this Agreement, the
Parties agree as follows: 

3.1.1 Grant of
Manufacturing License. GILEAD grants APO a
non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license for
the entire term of this Agreement, under all 

6 

patents
Controlled by GILEAD that, but for the grant of this license, would be
infringed by the Manufacture by APO of Bulk Product in accordance with this
Agreement, and under all Know-how Controlled by GILEAD that is necessary or
reasonably useful to the Manufacture by APO of Bulk Product in accordance with
Agreement, to Manufacture the Bulk Product at the Manufacturing Location for
the sole purpose of supply for the Territory of the Bulk Product so
Manufactured to GILEAD, an Affiliate, or one of their contract manufacturers of
Finished Product, indicated to APO in writing duly in advance, in accordance
with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 

APO shall be responsible for the Manufacture
of Bulk Product. Accordingly, GILEAD shall be responsible for the finishing of
the Bulk Product into the Finished Product and, as holder of the Marketing
Authorizations for the Territory, GILEAD shall release and place the Finished
Product on the market. 

3.1.2 Transfer
of Manufacturing and Quality Control Procedures. To
the extent reasonably necessary for the exercise by APO of the rights granted
by GILEAD under Section 3.1.1 hereof and to the extent not already performed
pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof, GILEAD shall make available to APO all
Manufacturing and quality control procedures, including the related Know-How of
GILEAD and all the other information, necessary to carry out the contracted
operations correctly in accordance with the Marketing Authorisations and any
other legal requirements. 

3.2 Validation
and other Implementation Work Costs. The validation
of the manufacturing process of Bulk Product and of the analytical methods is
already performed. If further
validation work will be necessary, it will be charged to GILEAD based on the
then-current daily rates; the daily rates will be those generally offered to
APO s customers. 

3.3 Manufacturing Standards. In the
Manufacturing of the Bulk Product, APO agrees to adhere to (i) the quality standards and
testing methods of GILEAD indicated in the Specifications; (ii) the Quality Agreement; (iii) 
any other condition provided under the Manufacturing Authorisation and the
Marketing Authorisation; (iv) the cGMPs; as well as (v) 
any additional manufacturing standards agreed upon by the Parties in writing.
Subject to what is provided under Section 10.2 below , APO agrees not to
unreasonably withhold its consent to the implementation of any such additional
manufacturing standards to the extent that GILEAD reimburses APO s
out-of-pocket-costs, excluding overheads pertaining to the implementation of
any such additional manufacturing standards . 

3.4 Manufacturing Capacity. During the Term
of this Agreement, APO agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to
allocate sufficient Manufacturing resources in order to meet GILEAD s
requirements of the Bulk Product scheduled for delivery in accordance with
Section 5 and 6 hereof. Nothing in this
Section 3.4 is intended to negate APO s obligations to fulfil Binding Orders
accepted pursuant to Section 6.3 or to prevent GILEAD from submitting aggregate
Binding Orders that APO will accept, if otherwise properly submitted, for a
calendar year for the applicable Yearly Minimum Volume. 

3.5 Quality Agreement, Change Control. The
pharmaceutical responsibilities of APO and GILEAD, in particular the procedures
applicable in the event of any changes of the Specifications, and/or GILEAD s
instructions for the packing and dispatch labelling of the Bulk Product, are
set forth in the Quality Agreement attached hereto as Schedule B . 

7 

SECTION 4 
TERM AND RENEWAL 

4.1.Term. Subject to any
extension pursuant to Section 4.2. below, this Agreement shall commerce on the
Effective Date and shall run until [ ] 
(the Initial
Term ), unless it is terminated on an earlier date in accordance
with Section 17 hereof. 

4.2 Extension. GILEAD shall give written notice of its willingness to extend the
duration of this Agreement to APO at least [ ] 
months before expiry of the Initial Term. The Parties will negotiate in good
faith the conditions of the extension of the Agreement. Should the Parties not
reach an agreement on such conditions within [ ] 
months of receipt of said written notice, then this Agreement shall expire at
the end of its Initial Term. 

SECTION 5 
YEARLY MINIMUM VOLUMES OF PURCHASES 

 LONG TERM FORECASTS FOR BULK PRODUCT 

5.1. Minimum Volumes of Purchases. GILEAD
undertakes to guarantee the yearly minimum volumes of purchases of Bulk
Products to be Manufactured by APO as set forth in Schedule I attached hereto
(the Yearly
Minimum Volumes ). The Yearly Minimum Volumes shall be firm and
binding on GILEAD and shall not be subject to reduction, provided, however, that if
GILEAD orders an amount of Bulk Product for delivery in a calendar year that is
less than the applicable Yearly Minimum Volumes, GILEAD shall not be in breach
of this Section 5.1 if it exceeds the applicable Yearly Minimum Volume during
any of the following Years by an amount equal to the shortfall from the Yearly
Minimum Volume in the that prior calendar year. 

5.2. Long Term Rolling Forecast for Bulk Product. Subject to what is provided under Section 5.1, for the entire
term of the Agreement, within the first [ ] 
Working Days of each calendar month M ), GILEAD shall submit to APO its updated
written long term rolling forecast for Bulk Product, (hereinafter the Long Term
Rolling Forecast for Bulk Product showing GILEAD s estimated
requirements for the Bulk Product to be produced and delivered to GILEAD during
the following [ ] period beginning
with such month M. The forecast for
months M+ [ ] through M+ [ ] shall be non-binding. 

SECTION 6 
PURCHASE ORDERS 

6.1 Binding Orders for Bulk Product. Within
the first [ ] Working Days of each
month M, GILEAD shall submit to APO its written binding orders (the Binding
Orders for Bulk Product to be manufactured and delivered by APO in
month M+ [ ] . 

The Binding Orders submitted to APO shall
specify GILEAD s purchase order number, quantities of the Bulk Product, monthly
delivery schedule and any other elements necessary to ensure the timely
production and delivery of the Bulk Product by APO. The quantities of Bulk
Product ordered in such written orders shall be firm and binding on GILEAD and
shall not be subject to reduction. 

8 

6.2 Binding Orders for Bulk Product in batch size. Subject to what is provided under Section 3.4, GILEAD shall place
with APO Binding Orders for the Bulk Product for a full batch size or multiples
thereof, whereby it is understood that one (1) batch shall comprise
approximately [ ] of the Bulk
Product. It is furthermore understood by the Parties, that it is foreseen, that
APO shall Manufacture the Bulk Product batches in campaigns of at least [ ] batches preferably in not more than [ ] campaigns per year which should be
regularly distributed over the year. Therefore GILEAD shall consider this
opportunity in its production planning and the following submission of its
Binding Orders. 

6.3 Acceptance of Binding Orders for Bulk Product by APO. APO is obliged to accept the Binding Orders placed by GILEAD
pursuant to Sections 6.1 and 6.2 for as long as the quantities ordered do not
exceed applicable Yearly Minimum Volume. 

 APO shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to supply Bulk Product in excess of the applicable Yearly Minimum Volume
(subject to Section 3.4) and to supply Bulk Product in excess of [ ] of GILEAD s previous Long Term Rolling
Forecast for Bulk Product for the applicable calendar year, but shall not be
obligated to supply such quantities if it is not able to do so by use of
commercially reasonable efforts, and APO shall be allowed to take into
consideration in making its commercially reasonable decision to supply the
quantity of the excess amounts APO s Manufacturing capacity and other
manufacturing commitments. 

6.4 Addressee of Purchase Orders. All
purchase orders shall be sent by GILEAD with contemporaneous telephone
notification, by email or to APO to the email or fax number set forth below or
identified in writing by APO: 

ALTANA Pharma Oranienburg GmbH 

 Attention: [ ] 

 email: [ ] 

 Tel. No.: [ ] 

 Fax No .: 
 [ ] 

APO will acknowledge and either
accept or reject purchase orders within [ ] 

 [ ] business days of receipt to the email or
fax number set forth below: 

Attention: [ ] 

 Email: [ ] 

 Tel. No.: [ ] 

 Fax No.: [ ] 

6.5 Prevailing Terms. To the extent the
terms of any Binding Order or acknowledgement are inconsistent with the terms
of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control, and any
inconsistent terms are hereby expressly rejected. 

6.6 Reliance by APO. GILEAD understands and
acknowledges that APO will rely on the Binding Orders submitted pursuant to
this Section 6 in ordering the Components required to meet such Binding Orders.
In addition, GILEAD understands that to ensure an orderly supply of 

9 

such Components and to achieve economies of
scale in the costs thereof, it may be desirable for APO to purchase such
Components in sufficient volumes to meet the production requirements for the
Bulk Product during part or all of the forecasted periods referred to in
Section 5 or to meet the production requirements of any longer period as APO
and GILEAD may agree to. Accordingly, GILEAD agrees that purchases may be made
by APO in respect of the Components to satisfy the production requirements for
the Bulk Product for forecasted periods to meet production requirements during
such longer periods as may be agreed to in writing from time to time by GILEAD
at the request of APO. If such Components are not included in the Bulk Products
purchased by GILEAD within [ ] 
months after the forecasted month in respect of which such purchases have been
made (or such longer period as the Parties may agree), GILEAD will pay to APO
its costs thereof and, in the event such Components are incorporated into the
Bulk Products subsequently purchased by GILEAD, GILEAD will receive credit for
any costs of such Components previously paid to APO by GILEAD. 

SECTION 7 
DELIVERY 

7.1 Terms of Delivery of Bulk Product. Prior
to delivery and shipment of Bulk Product, APO will send the Release Documents
to GILEAD at the following email or, with prior notification by telephone by
fax, as follows: 

Attention: [ ] 

 Address: Unit 13, Stillorgan Industrial Park,
Blackrock, Co. Dublin, Ireland 

 email: [ ] 

 Fax no: [ ] 

 Tel. no: [ ] 

APO will not deliver or ship until GILEAD has
released the batch and authorized shipment. 
GILEAD will either release or reject a batch within [ ] business days of receipt of the Release
Documents. Bulk Product Deliveries of
the Bulk Product shall be made [ ] 
(as such term is defined in the Incoterms 2000) [ ] , provided that APO [ ] 
(except as otherwise set forth below). Such title as APO has in the Bulk
Products and risk of loss or of damage to the Bulk Products shall remain with
APO until the Bulk Products are [ ] 
at which time title and risk of loss or damage shall transfer to GILEAD in
accordance with the Incoterms 2000 [ ] 
clause. APO shall, in accordance with GILEAD s instructions, (i) arrange for
shipping and insurance, to be paid by [ ] 
and (ii) at [ ] risk and expense,
obtain any export licence or other official authorization and carry out all
customs formalities necessary to export the Bulk Products. GILEAD, at its election,
may select the freight carrier used by APO to ship the Bulk Products, informing
APO of the name thereof reasonably in advance, and may monitor APO s shipping
and freight practices as they pertain to this Agreement. 

Transport conditions shall be based upon
GILEAD s instructions for the transportation of the Bulk Products. 

7.2 Accompanying Documentation. With each
shipment of the Bulk Product, APO shall provide GILEAD with the appropriate
documentation, including but not limited to bills of lading, certificate of
analysis and certificate of compliance, and an invoice for such shipment. APO 

10 

undertakes, with prior notification by
telephone, to email or fax to GILEAD a copy of each bill of lading to the
attention of the following employee of GILEAD or as otherwise instructed by
GILEAD in writing duly in advance: 

Attention: [ ] 

 Address: Unit 13, Stillorgan Industrial Park,
Blackrock, Co. Dublin, Ireland 

 email: [ ] 

 Fax no: [ ] 

 Tel. no: [ ] 

7.3 Short Deliveries. Subject to
what is
provided under Section 8.2.4 below, acceptance by GILEAD of deliveries falling
short of the quantities ordered and confirmed by APO shall be without prejudice
to GILEAD s rights in relation to any such shortage. 

SECTION 8 
DEFECTIVE BULK PRODUCT 

8.1 Defective Bulk Products. Quantities of
the Bulk Product shall be deemed to be defective if such quantities do not
comply with APO s warranties under Section 13.1 hereof (the Defective
Bulk Product(s) and, in relation to any such non-compliance with
APO s warranties under Section 13.1 (the Defect(s) ). 

8.2 GILEAD s Duties to inspect and confirm; Implied Waiver. GILEAD agrees to inspect and confirm incoming shipments of Bulk
Product as follows: 

8.2.1 Incoming Inspection. GILEAD shall
inspect, or cause its Affiliates or manufacturers to inspect, Bulk Product
supplied by APO for transport damages, completeness, compliance as to quantity
or timing as stated in the Binding Orders and, as far as reasonably possible,
any other obvious defects within [ ] 
following receipt; GILEAD shall give APO written notice of all claims for any
such obvious defect within such [ ] 
period. 

8.2.2 Additional Quality Control Procedures. Thereafter,
GILEAD may perform quality control procedures to be agreed between the Parties
in writing with respect to Bulk Products supplied by APO no later than [ ] after receipt of the delivered Bulk
Products in order to check if the delivered Bulk Product meet the
Specifications. 

8.2.3 Notification of Defects. GILEAD shall
inform APO by prompt written communication (telex, fax) of any Defect as
hereinafter defined, in any event such notice to be received by APO in case of
defects due to a discrepancy from the bill of lading due to lack of identity or
a difference in gross weight, or to physical damages, other obvious defects, or
defects that reasonably should be detected by any additional quality control
procedures that GILEAD may perform under Section 8.2.2 Detectable Defects ), within [ ] of receipt of the Bulk Product, and, in
case of other Defects, i.e. those not reasonably detectable by the inspections
in Section 8.2.1 or the procedures carried out pursuant to Section 8.2.2 Non-Detectable
Defects ), within [ ] 
of discovery by GILEAD. 

11 

Any such notification of defects shall be
made by notice given by courier under the following address, or, with
contemporaneous telephone notification, by either fax to the number given below
or email to the address below: 

ALTANA Pharma Oranienburg GmbH 

 Quality Control Dept. 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 Germany 

Attention: 

[ ] 

Tel. No.: 

[ ] 

Fax No.: 

[ ] 

email: 

[ ] 

8.2.4 Implied Waiver. Failure of GILEAD to
inspect or to perform agreed quality control procedures, and to notify in
writing APO in the relevant time periods specified in Sections 8.2.1, 8.2.2 and
8.2.3 above of any Detectable Defect, or to notify in writing APO within the
pertaining time period specified in Section 8.2.3 above of any Non-Detectable
Defect after its discovery, shall constitute a waiver of any rights relating to
such Defects, unless otherwise agreed in writing. 

8.3 Disagreement as to Defects. In the event
of a disagreement between APO and GILEAD in respect of any Defects of the Bulk
Product, GILEAD and APO shall conduct a joint investigation in accordance with
GILEAD s and APO s quality control procedures governing the re-testing of the
Bulk Product, in order to determine if any Bulk Product has a Defect. Should
the Parties fail to agree within [ ] 
days after receipt of GILEAD s deficiency notice delivered to APO pursuant to
Section 8.2.1 and/or Section 8.2.3 above as to whether any Bulk Product
identified in such GILEAD s notice has a Defect, the Parties shall submit a
representative sample of the rejected Bulk Product to an independent laboratory
acceptable to both Parties for testing under GILEAD s quality control
procedures. The findings of such third party laboratory shall be binding upon
the Parties, and if such evaluation certifies that any Bulk Product is
Defective, Sections 8.4, 8.5 and 8.6 below shall apply. The fees and expenses
of such Third Party laboratory shall be borne by the Party against whom the
finding is made. 

8.4 Remedies in relation to Defective Bulk Products. Subject to Section 8.5 and subject to appropriate notification of
GILEAD of potential Defects in Bulk Products in accordance with Section 8.2
above and to a confirmation of any such Defects in accordance with Section 8.3
above due to APO s failure to produce the Bulk Products in compliance with the
Specifications and with any other warranties as specified in Section 13.1
below, APO shall forthwith after receiving written request thereof from GILEAD
(i) in case of a visible Defect, sort the rejected Bulk Product from any
non-rejected Bulk Product (ii) in case of any Defect, whether visible or not,
replace the rejected Bulk Product in the next available campaign. GILEAD shall supply APO with the additional
API for new batches at no additional costs for APO, provided that API
quantities used to Manufacture such Defective Bulk Product shall be subject as
applicable to the compensation provisions of Section 2.7. If GILEAD reasonably
determines after consultation with APO that the timing of any projected
replacement by APO of rejected Bulk Product during the next available campaign
may cause GILEAD to have insufficient inventories of Finished 

12 

Product to meet its requirements for Finished
Product, GILEAD shall have the right to have another supplier provide such
replacement batch of Bulk Product. 
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, GILEAD s remedies
under this Section 8.4 shall be cumulative with other remedies it may have
under this Agreement. 

8.5 Defects of Bulk Product attributable to Deficiencies of API. Subject to what is provided under Section 2 above, APO shall have
no responsibility for any Defects in the Bulk Products which are due to
deficiencies of API provided that such Defects are not attributable to APO s
breach of its obligations to inspect the API delivered in accordance with
Section 2.4 above. 

8.6 Limitation of Liability. Except in the
circumstances where APO has failed to comply with the Specifications and any
other warranties as specified in Section 13.1 above, APO shall not be liable or
have any responsibility for any deficiencies in, or other liabilities
associated with, any Bulk Product manufactured by it, including, without
limitation, any deficiencies contained in the formulae and procedures specified
by GILEAD in the Specifications and effects deriving from compliance with legal
requirements as specified in Section 13.1, or which are connected to the
safety, efficacy or marketability of the Bulk Products or any distribution
risk. 

8.7 Consequential Damages. Neither Party
shall be liable to the other for any consequential damages, except in the case
of Party s gross negligence or intentional misconduct . 

SECTION 9 
API OR BULK PRODUCT SHORTFALLS 

If at any time during the Initial Term and
any extension of this Agreement, APO is or expects that it will be unable to
satisfy GILEAD requirements of Bulk Product, in full or in part, or GILEAD is
or expects that it will be unable to satisfy APO s requirements of API, then
that Party shall promptly notify the other Party, detailing the extent to which
it will not meet such requirements. 
Nothing in this Section 9 is intended to relieve a Party of its other
obligations under this Agreement. 

SECTION 10 
PRICING AND CHANGES 

10.1 Supply Price . APO shall Manufacture and
supply the Bulk Product to GILEAD at the Supply Price set forth in Schedule A .
Subject to Section 10.2, the Supply Price shall be in force during the Initial
Term of this Agreement. 

10.2 Changes in Manufacturing, Quality Control and Packaging of the Bulk
Product. With respect to any changes of the
Manufacturing, quality control and packaging of the Bulk Product (hereinafter
collectively referred to as Change(s) ), the Parties agree with respect
to the implication on the Supply Price as follows: 

10.2.1 Changes requested by GILEAD . If GILEAD
requests a Change which would result in an increase in APO s costs for
Components or for manufacturing, controlling or packaging the Bulk Product, the
Parties shall discuss in good faith what impact, if any, such Change will have on
the Supply Price of the Bulk Product, and APO shall propose in good faith a
proposal that 

13 

states the price change due to implementation
of such a Change. If GILEAD should
accept a proposed price change, the proposed Change shall be implemented, and
the price change shall become effective only with respect to those orders of
the Bulk Product which are manufactured in accordance with the revised
Specifications. Unless a proposed
Change would cause extreme disruption to APO s other operations at the
Manufacturing Facility, APO will be obligated to implement such Change if
GILEAD accepts APO s good faith proposal for a price change. 

Notwithstanding any Change in the
Specifications implemented in accordance with the terms of Art. 10.2.1 above,
GILEAD agrees to purchase all the Bulk Product manufactured by APO based upon
any Binding Order relying on old Specification at the old price for those
Bulk Product. In addition, GILEAD agrees to purchase all Components and
Inventory utilised under the old Specifications and purchased or maintained
by APO in order to fulfil Binding Orders in accordance with Section 6 of the
Agreement, to the extent that such Components and Inventory can no longer be
utilised under the revised Specifications. Open purchase orders for Components
no longer required under any revised Specification which were placed by APO
with suppliers in order to fulfil Binding Orders in accordance with Section 6
of the Agreement shall be cancelled where possible, and where such orders are
not subject to cancellation without penalty, shall be assigned to and satisfied
by GILEAD. 

10.2.2 Other Required Changes. In any event , should
a Change become necessary in order to allow APO to guarantee the performance of
the activities in a state of the art way or to comply with new provisions or
compulsory requests of the regulatory authorities or, in any event, with APO s
obligations under this Agreement, APO shall immediately inform GILEAD
accordingly and the provisions set forth in Art. 10.2.1 above shall apply, provided,
however, that if such Change is not specific to the Bulk Product but
instead relates to compliance of the Manufacturing Facility or APO s general
procedures with GMP, any increased costs to APO would be allocated equitably
and consistently across all products manufactured by APO at the Manufacturing
Facility. 

SECTION 11 
PAYMENT 

11.1 Invoicing. APO shall issue invoices for
the payment due from GILEAD for Bulk Product shipped to GILEAD, and all invoice
amounts shall be expressed, and all payments made in Euros. 

11.2 Payment. Payment shall be made by GILEAD
to APO within [ ] days of the date
of each invoice sent pursuant to Section 7.2. 

11.3 Currency. Unless otherwise agreed , all
monetary amounts are expressed in this Agreement in Euros. 

SECTION 12 
GENERAL INFORMATION DUTIES 

General Duties to inform. Each
Party to this Agreement shall keep the other Party fully informed of any
notification or other information, whether received directly or indirectly
which 

14 

might affect the marketability, safety or
effectiveness of the finished drug product or which might result in the recall
or seizure of the registration / market validation lots. 

SECTION 13 
WARRANTIES 

13.1 Representations and Warranties of APO. APO
makes the following representations and warranties with respect to the Bulk
Product sold hereunder: (i) the Bulk Product shall be of
merchantable quality and shall fully comply with all Specifications; (ii) 
In Manufacturing the Bulk Product, APO shall adhere to (a) the quality standards and
testing methods of GILEAD set forth in the Specifications; (b) the Quality Agreement; (c) 
any other condition provided under the Manufacturing Authorisation and the
Marketing Authorisation; (d) the cGMPs; (e) any other applicable
laws, rules and regulations applicable to manufacture of Bulk Product in
territories where Finished Product is to be marketed, as notified by GILEAD; (f) any
additional manufacturing standards agreed upon by the Parties; as well as (g) 
the Binding Orders. 

13.2 Limitation of Warranty. The above stated
warranty does not apply in the event of improper storage and/or improper
handling of the Bulk Product by GILEAD or by any third party. 

13.3 Authority. Each Party represents and
warrants that it has the full right and authority to enter into this Agreement,
and that it is not aware of any impediment that would inhibit its ability to
perform its obligations hereunder. 

13.4 Formulae. GILEAD represents and warrants
that the Specifications for the Bulk Product are its property and that GILEAD
may lawfully disclose such Specifications to APO. GILEAD further represents and
warrants that any trademarks utilized by APO in connection with the Bulk
Product are its property and may be lawfully used as directed by GILEAD. GILEAD
further represents and warrants that the Specifications for the Bulk Product
conform to all applicable laws and regulations, and that the Bulk Product if
labelled and formulated in accordance with such Specifications and Manufactured
in compliance with this Agreement (i) may be lawfully sold and distributed in
every jurisdiction in which GILEAD markets the Bulk Product, (ii) will be fit
for the purpose intended, and (iii) subject to labelling and application in
accordance with applicable laws will be safe for human consumption. 

SECTION 14 

 INDEMNIFICATION 

14.1 Indemnification by APO. APO shall
indemnify, defend and hold harmless GILEAD, its officers, directors, agents,
servants, and employees harmless against all losses, damages, judgments,
liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal expenses) Losses resulting from third party claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings Third Party
Claims ), arising out of APO s breach of this Agreement (including
breaches of its warranties in Section 13.1) or APO s negligence or willful
misconduct in activities under this Agreement, except in each case to the
extent GILEAD has an obligation of defense or indemnity with respect to such
Loss or Third Party Claim pursuant to Section 14.2.. 

GILEAD shall not settle any such Third Party
Claim without the prior written approval of APO, and APO shall have the right,
if it so wishes, to conduct negotiations to settle, settle or to conduct any
litigation arising out of, any such Third Party Claim. GILEAD shall provide
prompt written notice of 

15 

any such Third Party Claim to APO and shall
reasonably co-operate in the defence and/or settlement of any such Third Party
Claim at APO s request and expense. 

14.2 Indemnification by GILEAD. GILEAD shall
indemnify, defend and hold harmless APO, its officers, directors, agents,
servants, and employees harmless against all Losses resulting from Third Party
Claims arising out of (i) GILEAD s breach of this Agreement (including breaches
of its warranties in Section 13.4), (ii) for shipments of Bulk Product, the
manufacture, use, import, offer for sale, sale, distribution, testing,
handling, transport or disposal of Bulk Product or Finished Product following
delivery of the relevant Bulk Product pursuant to this Agreement, or (iii)
GILEAD s negligence or willful misconduct in activities under this Agreement,
except in each case to the extent APO has an obligation of defense or indemnity
with respect to such Loss or Third Party Claim pursuant to Section 14.1.. 

APO shall not settle any such Third Party
Claim without the prior written approval of GILEAD, and GILEAD shall have the
right, if it so wishes, to conduct negotiations to settle, settle or to conduct
any litigation arising out of, any such Third Party Claim APO shall provide
prompt written notice of any such Third Party Claim to GILEAD and shall
reasonably co-operate in the defence and/or settlement of any such Third Party
Claim at GILEAD s request and expense. 

14.3 Survival of Indemnification Obligations. The indemnification obligations set forth in this Section 14 shall
survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 

SECTION 15 

 CONFIDENTIALITY 

15.1 General Principle. Confidential Information shall mean confidential or
proprietary information of a Party either disclosed orally or in writing to or
otherwise learned by the other Party that should reasonably be known to be
confidential or proprietary to the disclosing Party, including but not limited
to such Party s: research, development, preclinical and clinical programs, data
and results; pharmaceutical or biologic candidates and products; inventions,
works of authorship, trade secrets, processes, conceptions, formulas, patents,
patent applications, and licenses; business, product, marketing, sales,
scientific and technical strategies, programs and results, including costs and
prices; suppliers, manufacturers, customers, market data, personnel, and
consultants. Each Party agrees to hold in strict confidence any and all
Confidential Information of the other Party disclosed to it, to use such
Confidential Information only for the purposes of this Agreement, and to
restrict access to such Confidential Information to those persons entrusted to
carry out the activities provided for hereunder and who are subject to the same
secrecy obligation. Each Party will protect the confidentiality of Confidential
Information of the other Party using use the same level of effort it uses to
protect its own confidential or proprietary information of a similar nature but
in no event less than a commercially reasonable level of effort. 

15.2 Exceptions. Excepted from the secrecy
obligations in Section 15.1 shall be any Confidential Information: (i) 
which is in public domain at the time of disclosure; (ii) which is published or
otherwise becomes part of the public domain through no fault of the receiving
Party; (iii) 
which was in the possession of the receiving Party at the time of disclosure as
shown by prior written records; (iv) which becomes available to the
receiving Party without secrecy obligations from a third party 

16 

who has the right to disclose it without
breach of any obligation to the other Party; (v) or, of which the
receiving Party can clearly and convincingly prove that it was independently
developed by employees of the receiving Party who had no access to the
Confidential Information disclosed. 

15.3 Required Disclosure. Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, each Party may disclose Confidential
Information of the other Party to the extent and to the persons or entities as
required by applicable governmental law, rule, regulation or order (including
to Regulatory Agencies for the purposes of this Agreement), provided that it
first notifies the other Party of such disclosure requirement to enable it to
seek any available Excepted from this secrecy obligation shall further be Information
or Know-How which has to be disclosed to the EU Regulatory Agencies for the
purposes of this Agreement or which GILEAD is entitled to disclose according to
this Agreement. 

15.4 Duration of Confidentiality Obligations. The confidentiality obligations of the Parties shall survive this
Agreement for a period of ten (10) years. 

15.5 Improvements 

15.5.1 APO acknowledges and agrees that it has no proprietary intellectual
property rights in or to the current manufacturing process for the Finished
Product, as set forth in the Specifications. 
APO shall not perform any Manufacturing other than for Manufacture of
Finished Product for supply to Gilead pursuant to this Agreement, and APO shall
not perform any process development or otherwise attempt to modify the
Manufacturing process without Gilead s prior written consent. 

15.5.2 The Parties acknowledge that they, independently or jointly, may
develop improvements to the Specifications, inventions and other know-how
(including without limitation data, information, processes, techniques,
methods, and unpatentable inventions) in the course of fulfilling their
obligations under this Agreement Improvements ). Subject to Section 15.5.3, (i) APO shall own all right, title and
interest in and to Improvements that are general manufacturing Improvements
that have application beyond manufacture and processing of [ ] (including Finished Product and finished
products incorporating [ ] to the [ ] ( APO Improvements ), and (ii) Gilead shall
own all, right, title and interest in and to all other Improvements Gilead
Improvements ). Each Party hereby assigns its entire right, title
and interest in Improvements that are to be owned by the other Party pursuant
to this Section 15.5.2, and all patents and copyrights that may be obtained
thereon and trade secrets and other intellectual property rights therein Improvements
IP ), to the other Party, and each Party will take all reasonable
steps and execute and deliver all documents reasonably required for the other
Party to evidence or record such assignment as applicable. Each Party shall only use in its performance
under this Agreement, its employees or consultants who have agreed in writing
to assign Improvements to it. 

15.5.3 APO hereby grants to Gilead an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide,
royalty-free license under the APO Improvements and the APO Improvements IP to
research, develop, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and
otherwise commercialize Gilead s (and its Affiliates and licensees products
throughout the world, with the right to sublicense (through one or more tiers
of sublicensees to Affiliates of Gilead, licensees with exclusive or
co-exclusive commercialization rights to such products to in one or more
countries, and contract manufacturers). 

17 

SECTION 16 
TERMINATION 

16.1 Either Party s Right to terminate for Cause. Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement for
cause in any of the following events: 

16.1.1 Termination for Material Breach. Without
prejudice to any remedy or claim it may have against the other Party for
material breach or non-performance of this Agreement, either Party shall have
the right to terminate this Agreement for cause in the event that the other Party
fails to materially comply with or perform any material provision of this
Agreement (the Breach in accordance with the following provisions: 

16.1.1.1 The terminating Party shall notify
the terminated Party of any such Breach in writing, specifying such Breach in
reasonable detail and stating its intention to terminate this Agreement for
cause (the Reminder ). 

16.1.1.2 In the event that the terminated
Party either (i) if the Breach is of such a nature that it can be
reasonably expected to be cured within a [ ] 
day period (for example, as with an obligation to make payment of monies),
fails to cure such Breach within a period of [ ] 
days following receipt by the terminated Party of such Reminder (the Remedy
Period ), or (ii) if the Breach is of such a nature that
it cannot be reasonably expected to be cured within a [ ] day period, if the terminated Party
fails to establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the terminating Party that
it is diligently and actively pursuing a cure at the expiration of such Remedy
Period, , the terminating Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement
within a period of [ ] following
the expiry of such Remedy Period with immediate effect by giving the terminated
Party related written notice. 

16.1.1.3 In the event that the terminated Party, under the circumstances
referred to under (ii) of Section 16.1.1.2 above, can establish to the
reasonable satisfaction of the terminating Party that it is diligently and
actively pursuing a cure at the expiration of the Remedy Period, then such Remedy
Period shall be extended for so long as a cure is being diligently and actively
pursued, such extension not to exceed [ ] 
days in the aggregate (the Extended Remedy Period ). For clarity, the Remedy Period and the
Extended Remedy Period together shall not exceed [ ] days. 

16.1.1.4 In the event that the terminated
Party shall not have cured the Breach pursuant to Section 16.1.1.3 above at the
end of such Extended Remedy Period, the terminating Party may exercise its
termination right for Breach within a period of [ ] following the expiry of such Extended Remedy Period by
giving the terminated Party related written notice. 

16.1.2 Termination for Reasons of Insolvency or Termination of Business
Activities. Either Party shall be entitled to
terminate this Agreement if the other Party becomes insolvent or is subject of
a petition in bankruptcy whether voluntary or involuntary or of any other
proceeding under bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws, or if this Agreement
is assigned by such other Party for the benefit of creditors. Such termination
right may be exercised within a term of [ ] 
following the date as of which the Party entitled to terminate receives
knowledge of such insolvency or termination of business activities by the other
Party, by giving the terminated Party 

18 

related written notice 

16.1.3 Termination for Medical or Regulatory Reasons. GILEAD shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement in case of
medical or regulatory reasons which prevent the use of Finished Product in
humans or in case approval of Finished Product is rejected or withdrawn by EU
or foreign Regulatory Agencies or in case of other serious safety reasons and
GILEAD has undertaken serious attempts to remove the reasons therefore. 

16.2 Financial Consequences in Case of Termination. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement GILEAD shall, to
the exclusion of other financial obligations of GILEAD except as specifically
provided for herein: (i) purchase, at APO s cost, the Inventory
applicable to the Bulk Product which was purchased, produced or maintained by
APO in contemplation of filling Binding Orders and that is suitable for
production of Bulk Product; (ii) purchase from APO all undelivered Bulk
Products already firmly ordered in accordance with the ordering terms of
Section 5.2, at the price in effect at the time the Binding Order was placed;
and (iii)
 satisfy the purchase price payable pursuant to APO s orders with
suppliers of Components, provided such orders were made by APO in reliance on
Binding Orders. The provisions of this
Agreement relating to delivery, acceptance, rejection and payment or and for
Bulk Product shall govern delivery and purchase of such Bulk Product under (ii)
and (iii). 

If the Agreement is terminated by
GILEAD pursuant to Section 16.1.1 as a result of a Breach by APO or pursuant to
Section 16.1.3, GILEAD agrees to purchase such of the items referred to in (i),
(ii) and (ii) above as it determines, acting reasonably, can be used by it. 

16.3 Return of Stocks of API. In case of the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any
reason whatsoever, APO shall, at GILEAD s request and option, return to GILEAD
or its designee or destroy all stocks of API remaining at APO, the costs of
transportation or destruction to be borne by GILEAD, or, in the case of a
termination of this Agreement by GILEAD pursuant to Section 16.1.1 as a result
of a Breach by APO or pursuant to Section 16.1.3, by APO. 

16.4 Termination of Manufacturing License. Effective
upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever,
the Manufacturing license granted by GILEAD to APO under Section 3.1 shall
terminate, and the rights of each Party to Information and Know-How of the
other Party shall expire with immediate effect. APO shall either, at GILEAD s option, return or destroy all
Information and Know-How of GILEAD and all copies, extracts, summaries and
derivatives thereof, in its possession and shall certify to GILEAD the completion
thereof. 

SECTION 17 
NOTICES 

Unless otherwise specified herein, any notice
or other communication required or permitted to be given under this Agreement
may be delivered personally or be sent by prepaid certified or registered post,
courier or facsimile transmission (with receipt acknowledged or confirmed)
addressed to the Party addressed as follows: 

If to GILEAD: [ ] 

19 

Gilead Sciences Inc. 

 333 Lakeside Drive 

 Foster City, CA 94404 

 USA 

 Fax No.: [ ] 

 Tel. No.: [ ] 

 Email: [ ] 

with a copy to: Gilead
Sciences, Inc. 

 333 Lakeside Drive 

 Foster City, CA 94404 

 USA 

 Attention: Vice President and General Counsel 

 Fax No.: [ ] 

and 

if to APO: [ ] 

Tel. No.: [ ] 

 Fax No.: [ ] 

 Email: [ ] 

and any such notice or other communication
shall be deemed to be effective upon receipt by the Party to which it is
addressed if received during a Working Day or otherwise at the start of the
next Working Day. Any Party may change the address to which notice is to be
given as provided herein by giving the other Party related written
notification. 

SECTION 18 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND GOVERNING LAW 

18.1 Disputes. In the event of any dispute,
claim, question or disagreement arising out of or relating to this Agreement (a
 Dispute ),
the Parties shall use all reasonable efforts to settle such Dispute by amicable
negotiations within a period of [ ] 
days of one Party giving notice of the Dispute to the other Party. 

18.2 Arbitration. Should the Parties not
manage to settle the dispute by amicable negotiations within the such period of
 [ ] days, all disputes shall be
finally settled under the rules of conciliation and arbitration of the
International Chamber of Commerce (the Rules by three arbitrators,
reasonably fluent in English, one appointed by each of the Parties and the
third one, who shall act as Chairman, by the other two arbitrators, or, in the
event of their failure to reach agreement within [ ] days of the appointment, in accordance with the Rules. 

The arbitration procedure will take place in
Geneva and
will be conducted in the English language. 

The decision of the arbitrators will be final
and binding upon the Parties. 

20 

18.3 Governing law. This Agreement shall be
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Switzerland. 

SECTION 19 
ASSIGNMENT AND SUBCONTRACT 

19.1 Assignment. This Agreement may be
assigned by GILEAD provided that: 

(i) GILEAD shall inform APO of said
assignment in writing and in advance; and (ii) any assignee shall covenant in
writing with APO to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 

APO may assign this Agreement to subsidiaries
of APO only with prior written agreement by GILEAD which agreement shall not be
unreasonably withheld. 

19.2 Subcontract. APO may subcontract, in
whole or in part, to third parties the performance of the activities
contemplated under Section 3 above entrusted to it by this Agreement, provided
that APO shall bear any additional costs possibly related to this appointment. In
any event, before subcontracting the performance of the aforesaid activities to
third parties, APO must first receive written consent from GILEAD. 

19.3 [ ] shall be APO s counterparty to for [ ] supplies of Bulk Product, and [ ] will have the rights and obligations of GILEAD
hereunder to the extent pertaining to [ ] supplies of Bulk Products. [ ] shall be APO s counterparty to for [ ] supplies of Bulk Product and will have the
rights and obligations of GILEAD hereunder to the extent pertaining to [ ] supplies of Bulk Products. 

SECTION 20 
FORCE MAJEURE 

20.1 Force Majeure. Neither Party
shall be liable for the failure to perform its obligations under this Agreement
if such failure is occasioned by a cause or contingency beyond such party s
reasonable control, including, but not limited to riots, wars, fires, floods,
storms, strikes (excluding strikes and work slow-downs that affect APO but not
the German pharmaceutical manufacturing sector generally), interruption of
energy supply, or compliance with any order or regulation of any government
entity which is not due to any failure or non-compliance of the Party affected.
A Party claiming a right to excused performance under this Section 21 shall
immediately notify the other Party in writing of the extent of its inability to
perform, which notice shall specify the occurrence beyond its reasonable
control that prevents such performance and shall indicate its consequences from
the stand point of the fulfilment of contractual obligations. 

The Party affected by an event of force
majeure must use and continue to use every effort in order to continue to
perform this Agreement and, subject to the following paragraph, if absolutely
necessary the Parties shall co-operate in order to agree upon terms and
conditions different from those contained herein, for the continuance of the
Agreement itself for the entire period of time the event of force majeure
continues. 

21 

Should the event of force majeure extend for
more than [ ] months, each of the
Parties shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement by giving [ ] days written notice thereof to the
other Party. Such notice shall indicate, inter alia, the date provided for the
termination of the Agreement. 

SECTION 21 
WAIVER 

A waiver of any breach of any provision of
this Agreement shall not be construed as a continuing waiver of other breaches
of the same or other provisions of this Agreement. 

The tolerance by either of the Parties, even
if continued or repeated, of breaches by the other Party of provisions
contained in any clause of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver nor it
may in any way affect the validity of the clause being breached, so long as the
breach is contested within [ ] 
days of the date of the event by way of registered letter with return receipt. 

SECTION 22 
NO PARTNERSHIP 

The relationship established hereby between
GILEAD and APO is in all respects a commercial relationship. Nothing herein
shall be construed as imposing any fiduciary obligations on either Party, or as
establishing any partnership or joint venture between the Parties, or as
rendering one Party an agent of the other. 

SECTION 23 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT 

This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the Parties with reference to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes any prior agreements with respect to such subject matter. 

Any modification, amendment or supplement to
this Agreement must be in writing and signed by authorised representatives. 

The WHEREAS and the documents attached
as Schedules to this Agreement form an integral and substantial part of this
Agreement. The headings to the Sections
of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall be disregarded in
interpreting and construing this Agreement. 

SECTION 24 
SEVERABILITY 

In the event of the invalidity of any
provisions of this Agreement or of this Agreement containing any gaps, the
Parties agree that such invalidity or gap shall not affect the validity of the
remaining provisions of this Agreement. The Parties will in good faith replace
an invalid provision or fill any gap with valid provisions, which most closely
approximate the purpose and economic effect of the invalid provision or, in
case of a gap, the Parties presumable intentions. In the event that the terms
and conditions of this Agreement are materially altered as a result of 

22 

the preceding sentences, the Parties shall
renegotiate the terms and conditions of this Agreement in order to resolve any
inequities. 

SECTION 25 
SURVIVAL 

The termination or expiration of this
Agreement for any reason whatsoever shall be without prejudice to any
obligations or rights on the part of either Party which have accrued prior to
such termination, and shall not affect or prejudice the following provisions of
this Agreement which shall survive such termination or expiration: Title to
API, Section 2.6; Destruction of Defective API, Section 2.10; Defective Bulk
Product, Section 8; General Information Duties, Section 12; Warranties, Section
13; Indemnification, Section 14; Confidentiality, Section 15; Financial
Consequences in Case of Termination, Section 16.2; Return of Stocks of API,
Section 16.3; Termination of Manufacturing License, Section 16.4; Notices,
Section 17; Dispute Resolution and Governing Law, Section 18; Waiver, Section
21; Entire Agreement, Section 23; Severability Section 24; and Survival,
Section 25. 

23 

SECTION 26 
EXECUTION BY COUNTERPART 

This Agreement may be executed by the Parties
in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of
which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been
executed as of the date first above written by the parties respective duly
authorized representatives. 

Gilead World Markets, Ltd. 

ALTANA Pharma Oranienburg GmbH 

Mark L. Perry, Director 

Hans-Joachim Kaatz, General Manager 

Gilead Sciences, Inc. 

Mark L. Perry, Executive Vice President, 
 Operations 

Dr. Hans-Christian Meyer, Senior Director 

Schedules to this Agreement: 

Schedule
 A : 

Supply Price 

Schedule
 B : 

Quality Agreement 

Schedule
 C : 

Bulk Product Specifications 

Schedule
 D : 

API and Excipient Specifications; Handling and Storage of API 

Schedule
 E : 

Batch Coding System 

Schedule
 F : 

Dispatch Labelling of APO 

Schedule
 G : 

Shipment Instructions 

Schedule
 H : 

Manufacturing Line [ ] 
 of API [ ] 

Schedule
 I : 

Yearly Minimum Volumes of Purchases 

24 

Schedule A 

 Toll Manufacturing Agreement 

Supply Price 

1. Supply
Price coated tablets 

The Supply Price for [ ] shall correspond to [ ] . This price will be fixed till [ ] . 

No later than [ ] the end of each year APO shall be entitled to request an
adjustment to the fees for the applicable component costs and processing fees
in respect of such drug product for increases in manufacturing costs based on
the increases in the official index [ ] . 

25 

Schedule B 

 Toll Manufacturing Agreement 

Quality
Agreement 
for 
the Manufacturing and Supply of 
Products for Gilead Sciences, Inc. 

between 

Gilead
Sciences, Inc. 

 650 Cliffside Drive 

 San Dimas, CA 91773 

 and 

 335 Lakeside Drive 

 Foster City, CA 94404-1147 

 and 

 Gilead
Sciences Ltd. 

 Unit 13, Stillorgan Industrial Park, 

 Blackrock, Co., Dublin, Ireland 

 as contract giver 

and 

Altana Pharma Oranienburg GmbH 

 [ ] 

 Germany 

 as contract acceptor 

26 

Table of Contents 

Introduction 

1. 

Manufacturing of PRODUCT 

1.1. Manufacturing Procedures 

1.2. Deviations 

1.3. Rejection of Product 

1.4. Compendial Compliance 

1.5. Materials 

1.6. 
 Labeling 

1.7. Distribution 

1.8. Qualification/Validation 

1.9. Reprocessing and Rework 

2. 

Testing of PRODUCT 

2.1. 
 Sampling, Inspection, and Testing of PRODUCT 

2.2. Batch Release 

2.3. Stability Program 

2.4. Annual Quality Review 

3. 

Retention of Samples 

4. 

Documentation 

4.1. Batch Records 

4.2. Records Retention 

4.3. Change Control 

5. 

Information
 Flow 

5.1. Communication 

5.2. 
 Regulatory Inspections of Facilities and PRODUCT 

5.3. Access to Facility 

5.4. Product Complaints 

5.5. Product Recall 

6. 

Duration 

7. 

Modifications to the AGREEMENT 

8. 

Approval Signatures 

Attachment A: PRODUCTS for MANUFACTURING 

Attachment B: Contact Information 

Attachment C: Responsibilities Matrix 

27 

Introduction 

This Quality Agreement (hereinafter
 AGREEMENT is a required and integral part of the Toll Manufacturing
Agreement (hereinafter Manufacturing Agreement between Gilead World Markets,
Ltd. and Altana Pharma Oranienburg GmbH (hereinafter APO ). This AGREEMENT
defines the cooperation between Gilead Sciences, Inc., with offices in Foster
City, California, and San Dimas, California, and Gilead Sciences Ltd., with
offices in Dublin, Ireland, (hereinafter GILEAD and APO with respect to
Quality Assurance issues related to all such activities as may be required for
the manufacture of those drug products set forth in Attachment A (hereinafter
 PRODUCT ), including (as appropriate) the planning, purchasing, manufacture,
processing, compounding, storage, filling, packaging, labeling, testing, sample
retention, stability testing, release, and dispatch (hereinafter MANUFACTURE 
or MANUFACTURING ). 

Description of Roles between GILEAD sites: 

GILEAD Foster City: [ ] 

GILEAD San Dimas: [ ] 

GILEAD Dublin: [ ] 

In the event that there is a discrepancy
between the provisions of the Manufacturing Agreement and the provisions of
this AGREEMENT, the provisions of this AGREEMENT shall control with respect to
terms governing the quality of the PRODUCT and the provisions of the
Manufacturing Agreement shall control with respect to all other terms. 

In all instances, written authorization 
shall mean communication written on official letterhead or other official forms
of written correspondence and signed by the authoring party s QA representative
(as listed in Attachment A). In all instances, procedures shall mean company
standard operating procedures approved through the change control process. 

GILEAD and APO agree as follows: 

1. Manufacturing of PRODUCT 

1.1. Manufacturing Procedures 

1.1.1 APO shall
manufacture the PRODUCT in accordance with principles of current Good
Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) as described in the United States Code of
Federal Regulations (CFR), Title 21, Part 211 and the most current
edition of the Rules Governing Medicinal Products in the European Community,
Volume IV, Good Manufacturing Practices for Medicinal Products. 

1.1.2 GILEAD shall
provide APO with all the information necessary to carry out the contracted
operations correctly in accordance with the marketing authorizations,
regulatory filings, and any other legal requirements via a PRODUCT-specific
Contractor Manual. GILEAD shall ensure that APO is fully aware of any problems
associated with the PRODUCT or the work that might pose a hazard to APO s
premises, equipment, personnel, and/or other materials and products. 

1.1.3 APO shall
manufacture the PRODUCT only in sites registered and/or approved by the US FDA
and other applicable regulatory authorities for the manufacture of the PRODUCT. 

28 

1.1.4 APO shall not
subcontract to a third party any part of the MANUFACTURING of the PRODUCT
without GILEAD s prior evaluation and written authorization of the
arrangements. 

1.1.5 APO shall
assure that the PRODUCT is manufactured, packaged, held, labeled, and tested
according to approved procedures and specifications. APO is responsible for
shipment of the PRODUCT to GILEAD (or designee) upon written authorization by
GILEAD. 

1.1.6 APO shall
advise GILEAD Quality Assurance (QA) prior to implementing any Major change to
the approved method of manufacture or specifications. Major has the same
meaning as set forth in Section 506A (21 U.S.C. 356a) of the US Federal Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act. 

1.1.7 Where control
of [ ] levels is required and
included in the PRODUCT specifications, material specifications, and/or
component specifications, APO shall control and monitor the facility
environment, utilities and equipment used for the MANUFACTURING of the PRODUCT
as per APO procedures. 

1.1.8 APO shall
refrain from any activity that may adversely affect the quality of the PRODUCT
manufactured and/or analyzed for GILEAD. 

1.2. Deviations 

1.2.1 APO shall
document, justify, and, when appropriate, investigate whenever there is a
manufacturing deviation (as defined in APO procedures) from approved procedures
or specifications. Included is any suspect and confirmed out-of-specification
(OOS) result for GILEAD-related raw material, components, intermediate,
in-process specification or finished PRODUCT specification. This documentation
shall be retained as part of the batch record(s) for the batch(es) affected. 

1.2.2 APO shall notify GILEAD of a manufacturing
deviation with influence on the quality of the PRODUCT as defined in APO
procedures within [ ] business days. 

1.2.3 Reprocessing
shall be considered a deviation. 

1.3. Rejection of Product 

1.3.1 APO shall
include appropriate GILEAD personnel in any investigation concerning PRODUCT
MANUFACTURING. 

1.3.2 In the event
of rejection of PRODUCT, GILEAD and APO shall proceed per the Manufacturing
Agreement. 

1.4. Compendial Compliance 

1.4.1 APO is
responsible for compliance to the Compendial methods, specifications, and
testing of Compendial articles in the MANUFACTURING of PRODUCT and for control
of the environment wherein MANUFACTURING occurs. 

1.4.2 GILEAD is
responsible for compliance to the Compendial methods, specifications, and
testing under its direct control and responsibility. 

1.5. Materials 

1.5.1 APO shall
purchase and receive from mutually agreed upon suppliers, inspect, test, release,
store, and/or handle materials related to the MANUFACTURING of the PRODUCT,
including components and excipients, in accordance with APO procedures and
consistent with cGMPs. 

29 

1.5.2 GILEAD shall
provide Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) to APO with a GILEAD Certificate
of Analysis. 

1.5.3 APO shall
receive, inspect, and test API from GILEAD. 

1.5.4 APO shall
audit and approve preferred suppliers of materials per APO procedures. GILEAD
shall audit and approve GILEAD-specified suppliers, including suppliers of API,
per GILEAD procedures. 

1.5.5 APO shall
maintain an approved GILEAD suppliers list in accordance with APO procedures
for controlled materials purchased by APO for use in the PRODUCT. 

1.5.6 APO shall
store controlled materials according to specified storage requirements per APO
procedures. APO shall have a system in place that ensures that stored material
is re-sampled and tested according to specified re-test dates and discarded by
specified expiration dates, as applicable. 

1.5.7 APO shall
assure that the potential for cross-contamination from any compound used at the
APO facility is satisfactorily controlled via adequate cleaning procedures,
dedicated equipment, and/or cleaning validation as appropriate. 

1.6. Labeling 

GILEAD shall be responsible
for, and provide APO with, copy content and artwork for all printed materials
associated with the PRODUCT. This includes, but is not limited to, shipping
container labels, cartons and inserts. GILEAD shall be responsible for
compliance with federal, state, and local regulations and for obtaining
regulatory approval for the PRODUCT labeling. 

1.7. Distribution 

1.7.1 APO shall
prepare orders and ship PRODUCT by appropriate freight forwarders to arrive in
suitable condition at the premises designated by GILEAD. 

1.7.2 Shipment of
PRODUCT shall be conducted upon and according to GILEAD authorization, which
shall include quantities and locations for shipment and all other pertinent
information. 

1.7.3 APO shall
forward to GILEAD the following Inventory/Shipping documentation: 

1.7.3.1. API
withdrawals and finished product completion from batch records (every
transaction) 

1.7.3.2. Shipping
Activity (every transaction) 

1.7.3.3. [ ] 

1.8. Qualification/Validation 

1.8.1 APO shall
qualify and maintain, consistent with cGMP according to APO protocols and
procedures, the facilities, utilities, and equipment required to support the
MANUFACTURING of the PRODUCT. 

1.8.2 APO shall
qualify cleaning processes for shared equipment in the facility for
MANUFACTURING the PRODUCT as per APO protocols and procedures. 

1.8.3 As
specifically contracted by GILEAD (i.e., under separate purchase orders),
related APO PRODUCT qualification/validation results shall be assembled in a
validation report(s) and provided to GILEAD for review and approval. APO shall
maintain original documentation in its site files and provide GILEAD with
copies of the approved protocol(s) and report(s). 

30 

1.9. Reprocessing and Rework 

APO shall obtain GILEAD
approval prior to performing reprocessing and/or rework of the PRODUCT. 

2. Testing of PRODUCT 

2.1. Sampling , Inspection, and Testing of
PRODUCT 

2.1.1 The sampling,
inspection, and testing of in-process material related to the PRODUCT shall be
carried out by APO according to the product specifications and shall be
appropriately documented. 

2.1.2 APO shall
sample the PRODUCT per APO procedures. 

2.1.3 APO is
responsible for quality control (QC) testing of the PRODUCT. 

2.1.4 APO shall
perform final PRODUCT testing per the test methods and specifications agreed
upon between APO and GILEAD. 

2.2. Batch Release 

2.2.1 APO shall be
responsible for release of PRODUCT [ ] . 

2.2.2 Final release
of the PRODUCT for clinical or commercial use shall be [ ] . GILEAD shall provide written [ ] to APO prior to [ ] of the PRODUCT to any [ ] . 

2.2.2.1. Final release
of PRODUCT for distribution in the EU is the sole responsibility of the
Qualified Person at [ ] . 

2.2.3 Subsequent to the successful completion of a
mutually agreeable qualification exercise, APO shall
forward to GILEAD the following documentation for each batch of the PRODUCT: 

2.2.3.1. [ ] 

2.2.3.2. [ ] 

2.2.3.3. [ ] 

2.2.3.4. [ ] 

2.2.3.5. [ ] 

2.2.3.6. [ ] 

2.2.4 GILEAD may
reduce the above requirements via written authorization to APO. 

2.3. Stability Program 

GILEAD is responsible for
stability testing, primary data interpretation and reporting. 

2.4. Annual Product Review 

2.4.1 GILEAD shall
perform PRODUCT annual product review per GILEAD procedures. 

2.4.2 APO shall
provide an annual product review summary to GILEAD per APO procedures. 

2.4.3 GILEAD and APO
shall periodically discuss quality issues related to the past MANUFACTURING of
the PRODUCT with regards to the obligations and responsibilities as described
in this AGREEMENT. 

3. Retention of Samples 

3.1. APO shall retain samples of raw
materials (including API) per APO procedures. 

3.2. GILEAD shall retain samples of PRODUCT
according to GILEAD procedures. 

31 

4. Documentation 

4.1. Manufacturing Records 

4.1.1 Records
related to the MANUFACTURING of the PRODUCT and/or materials used for the
MANUFACTURING of the PRODUCT shall be mutually approved by APO and GILEAD prior
to implementation. 

4.1.2 Original Batch
Records (i.e., MPRs) shall be made available for inspection and review by
regulatory authorities at mutually agreeable times. 

4.2. Records Retention 

APO shall retain documentation
specifically associated with the PRODUCT per APO procedures. 

4.3. Change Control 

4.3.1 APO shall
process changes to documentation associated with the PRODUCT per APO
procedures. 

4.3.2 Upon approval and issuance, APO shall distribute
copies of documentation associated with the MANUFACTURING of the PRODUCT to
GILEAD. 

4.3.3 Prior to
manufacture of the next batch of the PRODUCT, APO shall notify GILEAD of any
planned changes that have [ ] , as
defined in the US FDA Guidance for Industry Changes to an Approved NDA or
ANDA . This includes changes to the [ ] 
to MANUFACTURE the PRODUCT. 

4.4. Contractor Manual 

4.4.1 GILEAD shall
provide a current, controlled copy of each PRODUCT-specific Contractor Manual
that includes GILEAD controlled documents critical to the MANUFACTURING of the
PRODUCT. 

4.4.2 APO shall
distribute internally updated copies of documents contained in the Contractor
Manual within an appropriate timeframe. 

32 

5. Information Flow 

5.1. Communication 

5.1.1 APO and GILEAD
shall each employ a QA representative who shall be responsible for: 

5.1.1.1. Approving the
AGREEMENT 

5.1.1.2. Ensuring that
the terms of this AGREEMENT are complied with. 

5.1.1.3. Ensuring that
the terms of this AGREEMENT are performed in strict accordance with cGMPs. 

5.1.1.4. Ensuring that
the terms of this AGREEMENT are conducted in accordance with the regulatory
filing(s) for the PRODUCT specified. 

5.1.2 Attachment B
identifies the contact individual(s) and areas of responsibility for APO and
GILEAD. The parties may modify the individuals listed in Attachment B by notice
in writing to the other parties. 

5.2. Regulatory
Inspections of Facilities and PRODUCT 

5.2.1 APO shall
notify GILEAD [ ] of any
inspections or actions by regulatory agencies that [ ] the PRODUCT. 

5.2.2 Prior to [ ] with regards to the PRODUCT, APO shall
discuss the [ ] with GILEAD. 

5.2.3 Prior to [ ] with regards to the MANUFACTURING of
the PRODUCT, GILEAD shall discuss the [ ] 
with APO. 

5.3. Access to Facility 

GILEAD shall have the right to
visit APO PRODUCT manufacturing and quality control testing site after
reasonable notice and during normal business hours to review manufacturing
operations and assess its compliance with cGMP and quality assurance standards
and to discuss any related issues with manufacturing and management personnel
as it relates to the MANUFACTURING of the PRODUCT. 

5.4. Product Complaints 

5.4.1 GILEAD shall
provide a system to allow for the receipt of complaints associated with the PRODUCT
(PRODUCT complaints). GILEAD shall receive, log, evaluate, and categorize each
complaint received in accordance with GILEAD procedures. 

5.4.2 As soon as
possible, but not more than [ ] 
business days (unless a more urgent need is recognized) after receipt of a
PRODUCT complaint from a source other than APO, GILEAD shall report the
complaint in writing to APO QA (as required as a function of the complaint).
GILEAD shall provide all information relative to the PRODUCT complaint to APO,
including a description of the complaint and associated lot number(s) as stated
from complainant. GILEAD shall forward to APO digital pictures of complaint
subject and returned goods, as available. GILEAD shall send APO updates to the
complaint as needed. 

33 

5.4.3 APO shall
perform a thorough investigation of each PRODUCT complaint, and shall make
every effort to provide GILEAD with appropriate written correspondence and/or
final report documents for each PRODUCT complaint received within [ ] business days unless a more (or less)
urgent need is recognized and mutually agreed to. 

5.4.4 GILEAD shall
maintain communication with the complainant to include the initial
acknowledgement of the complaint received and the final results of the
investigation conducted by APO. 

5.4.5 GILEAD shall
communicate to the complainants and/or regulatory authorities the results of
the complaint investigation, if necessary. GILEAD shall notify APO of any
regulatory action related to the MANUFACTURING of the PRODUCT taken by a
regulatory authority. 

5.5. Product Recall 

5.5.1 GILEAD shall
have responsibility for initiating a PRODUCT recall or field corrections of the
PRODUCT if the PRODUCT violates applicable laws, regulations or agreed
specifications, or is deemed unacceptable for some other reason whether or not
such action is requested by any government agency. 

5.5.2 GILEAD shall
notify APO of GILEAD s intent to initiate a PRODUCT recall in order to meet the
standards of the US FDA and other regulatory authorities and shall review any
potential PRODUCT recall with APO prior to taking any action. 

5.5.3 During a
PRODUCT recall, withdrawal, or field correction, APO shall fully cooperate with
GILEAD to conduct necessary activities. 

6. Duration 

The term of this AGREEMENT
shall be in force for a term to coincide with the Manufacturing Agreement and
can be modified at anytime by agreement of the Parties. This AGREEMENT shall
survive the expiration or termination of the Manufacturing Agreement until [ ] year after the expiration date of the
last batch of PRODUCT manufactured hereunder. 

7. Modifications to the
AGREEMENT 

Any modification to this
AGREEMENT must be in writing and approved by both parties in order to be valid.
Any such modifications shall form part of this AGREEMENT and shall be attached
to this AGREEMENT. Attachments may be updated separately and appended to this
AGREEMENT upon notice in writing to the other parties and mutual approval. 

8. Approval Signatures 

For and on behalf of Gilead Sciences, Inc. 

For and on behalf of APO 

Signed: 

Signed: 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Signed: 

Signed: 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Signed: 

Signed: 

[ ] 

[ ] 

34 

Signed: 

Signed: 

[ ] 

35 

Attachment A , Quality Agreement: PRODUCTS for MANUFACTURING 

PRODUCT 

TRADENAME 

PRESENTATION 

GILEAD CODE NO. 

APO CODE NO. 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

36 

Attachment B , Quality Agreement: Contact Information 

Gilead
Sciences, Inc. 

Area
 of Responsibility 

Name 

Address 

Telephone 

FAX 

Quality Assurance/ Product Complaints 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Quality
 Control 

[ ] 

Materials/Planning 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Pharmaceutical
 Manufacturing 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Qualified
 Person, European Testing Site 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

APO, Inc. 

Area
 of Responsibility 

Name 

Address 

Telephone 

FAX 

Management 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Quality
 Assurance 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Quality
 Management 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Manufacturing 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

37 

Attachment C , Quality Agreement: Responsibilities Matrix 

Contract 
 Giver 

Contract 
 Acceptor 

Agreement
 with registration documents 

[ ] 

[ o ] 

Active
 ingredients(s) 

Specification 

[ ] 

[ o ] 

Supply/procurement 

[ ] 

[ o ] 

Testing
 (Full specification) 

[ ] 

[ o ] 

Testing
 (Identity on receipt of each container) 

[ o ] 

[ ] 

Reserve
 samples 

[ o ] 

[ ] 

Other
 starting materials 

Non-compendial
 material specifications 

[ ] 

[ o ] 

Compendial
 material specifications 

[ o ] 

[ ] 

Supply/procurement 

[ o ] 

[ ] 

Testing(1) 

[ o ] 

[ ] 

Reserve
 samples 

[ o ] 

[ ] 

Bulk product 

Specification 

[ ] 

[ o ] 

Manufacturing
 directions 

[ ] 

[ o ] 

In-process
 control requirements 

[ ] 

[ o ] 

Testing
 directions 

[ ] 

[ o ] 

Manufacture/manufacturing
 record 

[ o ] 

[ ] 

Quality
 control/testing record 

[ o ] 

[ ] 

Certificate
 of analysis 

[ o ] 

[ ] 

(1) Testing is performed per the complete
specification unless otherwise specified. 

38 

Schedule C 

 Toll Manufacturing Agreement 

Bulk Product Specifications 

APO has to test and release the Bulk Product
in accordance to GILEAD test procedure No.: [ ] 
and [ ] (for clinical batches) in
its current version. 

The current versions are [ ] (effective date [ ] and [ ] 
(effective date [ ] ). 

39 

Schedule
 D 

 Toll Manufacturing Agreement 

API and Excipient Specifications;
Handling and Storage of API 

Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient provided by
Gilead 

 Starting materials (excipients) provided APO: 

All API, Excipient and Component testing
shall be performed in accordance with the following Specifications, as may be
amended from time to time by mutual written agreement of the Parties: 

DESCRIPTION 

SPECIFICATION 

API 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Excipients 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

40 

Schedule
 E 

 Toll Manufacturing Agreement 

Batch Coding System 

Batch coding will consist of a unique
alpha-numeric code of not more than 8 characters. APO will assign each lot number prior to manufacturing and
reflect that number on the purchase order confirmation sent to Gilead for the
batches requested at that time. 

41 

Schedule
 F 

 Toll Manufacturing Agreement 

Dispatch Labelling of APO 

The labelling of the shipping carton of
Products shall include the following information: 

[ ] 

42 

Schedule
 G 

 Toll Manufacturing Agreement 

Shipment Instructions 

[ ] 

43 

Schedule H 

 Toll Manufacturing Agreement 

Manufacturing
Line [ ] 

[ ] of API [ ] 

1. Manufacturing
Line Loss (Yield) 

The Parties shall set forth and indicate in
an addendum 
to this Schedule
 H the total [ ] of
API allowable per [ ] period under
the Manufacturing line [ ] after
completion of the production of [ ] 
bulk. Other than in cases where APO has failed to comply with Section 3.3, APO
shall not be required to [ ] 
GILEAD based on [ ] or API
Manufacturing line [ ] for the
first [ ] batches. 

In addition, the following aspects have to be
considered: 

Given
that the API source might have an impact on the production process, no [ ] will be [ ] by APO for a special API-source before [ ] with the API-source were produced at
APO. 

 Each
change of the manufacturing process, which requires a new validation and is of
a nature that it is likely to change the Manufacturing line [ ] will lead to the same procedure and a
new agreement concerning the acceptable [ ] 
as described in the addendum to Schedule D . In such event, the schedule of [ ] periods section (a) of the addendum
shall not be changed unless it this would cause an inequitable result, in which
case the parties will agree in good faith upon an equitable schedule. If the parties disagree as to whether a
change is likely to change the Manufacturing line [ ] , they will agree in good faith as to whether to reach a
new agreement regarding acceptable line [ ] 
pursuant to Schedule D . 

Addendum to Schedule H 

(a) 
Initial Allowable Manufacturing Line [ ] 
per [ ] period: the initial allowable Manufacturing line [ ] shall be equal to [ ] not subject to deviation that are
produced under this Agreement, minus the allowing [ ] : 

 [ ] 

 [ ] , then 

 [ ] Manufacturing Line [ ] : At the end of every [ ] period, the allowable manufacturing
line [ ] shall be adjusted to be
equal to [ ] not subject to
deviation that are produced under this Agreement [ ] , minus the [ ] 
applicable at that time according to section (a). 

(c) [ ] Arrangement: the [ ] arrangement
will start with the first batch, that is produced after the allowable
manufacturing line [ ] has been
determined based on the [ ] 
initial batches pursuant to section (a). 

(d) [ ] Procedure: the [ ] calculation
will consider a period of time of up to [ ] 
months by the following procedure, using the allowable Manufacturing line [ ] determined pursuant to sections (a) or
(b) as applicable: 

 i. If
the actual Manufacturing line [ ] 
for batches Manufactured during an initial [ ] 
month period is less than the allowed Manufacturing line [ ] , this period will [ ] . 

44 

ii. If
the actual Manufacturing line [ ] 
for batches manufactured during a [ ] 
month period is greater than allowed Manufacturing line [ ] , [ ] 
will be due at that time. [ ] at the end of the next [ ] month period, the actual Manufacturing
line [ ] shall be determined for
batches Manufactured during the [ ] 
month period. 

 iii. If
the actual Manufacturing line [ ] 
for batches Manufactured during the [ ] 
month period is less than the allowed Manufacturing line [ ] , [ ] 
for [ ] Manufacturing line [ ] will be [ ] pursuant to Section 2.7 for such [ ] month period. 

 iv. If
the actual Manufacturing line [ ] 
for batches Manufactured during the [ ] 
month period is [ ] the allowed
Manufacturing line [ ] , [ ] pursuant to Section 2.7 for the [ ] between the [ ] Manufacturing line [ ] . With [ ] 
for such [ ] , a new period of time
with reference to a [ ] will
start. 

 v. For
every [ ] , this [ ] is [ ] 
initially, based on an initial [ ] 
for [ ] API. 

 vi. As
the [ ] for API may fluctuate over
time, on an annual basis GILEAD may determine an adjustment to the API [ ] to reflect such [ ] in the [ ] month period prior to such adjustment. Such adjusted API [ ] shall apply under this Schedule D solely on a prospective
basis. APO shall have the right to
audit the methodology employed by GILEAD to determine an adjusted [ ] for API. 

45 

Schedule I 

Toll
Manufacturing Agreement 

Yearly Minimum
Volumes of Purchases 

Pursuant to what is provided under Section
5.1 and 3.7 of the Agreement, GILEAD undertakes to guarantee the following
yearly minimum volumes of purchases of Bulk Products: 

For the
Year 2003, GILEAD shall guarantee a minimum volume of purchase of [ ] of Bulk Product . 

For the
Year 2004, GILEAD shall guarantee a minimum volume of purchase of [ ] 
of Bulk Product. 

For the
Year 2005, GILEAD shall guarantee a minimum volume of purchase of [ ] of Bulk Product. 

It is agreed by APO that the specified minimum volume of purchases
above are subject to a potential [ ] volume
demand [ ] from GILEAD in a
given year. APO hereby confirms that GILEAD has the potential to discuss with
APO additional volume requirements. 

46 

</EX-10.67>

<EX-10.68>
 5
 a04-3258_1ex10d68.htm
 EX-10.68

Exhibit 10.68 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY
BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED. 

LICENSING
AGREEMENT 

This LICENSING AGREEMENT Agreement ), effective as
of March 31, 2000 (the Effective Date ), by and among GILEAD SCIENCES, INC., a
Delaware corporation with its principal office located at 333 Lakeside Drive,
Foster City, CA 94404 Gilead Sciences ), and its wholly-owned subsidiary,
NEXSTAR PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware corporation (collectively with Gilead
Sciences, Gilead ), and EYETECH PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware corporation
with its principal offices located at 300 East 42nd Street, Third Floor, New
York, New York 10017 EyeTech ). 
Unless otherwise defined in this Agreement, all capitalized terms shall
have the meanings given to them in Section 1.1 of this Agreement. 

RECITALS 

1. WHEREAS,
Gilead owns certain patents and patent applications and related know-how for
NX1838, and has made certain filings for regulatory approvals with respect to
NX1838; and 

2. WHEREAS,
Gilead and EyeTech desire to enter into this Agreement and certain other
agreements, including an agreement providing for the fill-and-finish
manufacture of quantities of Product sufficient for the completion of Phase Ib
clinical trials; and 

3. WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Gilead wishes
to license to EyeTech and EyeTech wishes to license from Gilead all of Gilead s
rights under patents, patent applications and know-how related to NX1838, and
have access to all regulatory approvals with respect to NX1838; and 

4. WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Gilead also
wishes to sell to EyeTech and EyeTech wishes to purchase from Gilead its
inventory of NX1838. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereto, intending to be
legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

SECTION 1 
DEFINITIONS 

1.1 Definitions . For
purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set
forth below: 

Affiliate shall mean any Person that,
directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Owns, is Owned by
or is under common Ownership with, a Party, where Own or Ownership means
(a) direct or indirect possession of at least fifty percent (50 of the
outstanding voting securities of a corporation or a comparable ownership in any
other type of Person, provided, however, that if the law of the
jurisdiction in which such entity operates does not allow fifty percent (50 or greater ownership by a Party, such ownership interest shall be at 

1 

least forty percent (40 or (b) that a Person or group of Persons
otherwise has the unilateral ability to control and direct the management of
the entity, whether by contract or otherwise. 

Business Day shall mean any day other than a
Saturday, Sunday or banking holiday in New York City or San Francisco, California. 

Calendar Quarter shall mean a calendar
quarter (i.e., period of three (3) consecutive months) ending on March 31, June
30, September 30 or December 31. 

Calendar Year shall mean any period of twelve
(12) consecutive months ending on December 31. 

Competitive Product shall mean a product
competitive with a Product. 

Compulsory License means a compulsory license
under the Licensed Patents obtained by a Third Party through the order, decree,
or grant of a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction, authorizing
such Third Party to manufacture, use, sell, offer for sale or import a
Competitive Product in one or more countries within the Territory. 

Control , Controls , and Controlled 
shall mean, with respect to a particular item of information or intellectual
property right, that the applicable Party owns or has a license to such item or
right and has the ability to grant to the other Party access to and a license
or sublicense (as applicable) under such item or rights as provided for in this
Agreement without violating the terms of any agreement or other arrangement
with any Third Party. 

Damages shall mean any and all costs, losses,
claims, liabilities, fines, penalties, damages and expenses, court costs, and
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, consultants and expert witnesses
incurred by a Party hereto (including any interest payments which may be
imposed in connection therewith). 

Delivery Date shall mean the date that is ten
(10) days after the Effective Date. 

Effective Date shall have the meaning given
such term in the first sentence of this Agreement. 

EU shall mean Austria, Belgium, Denmark,
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands,
Portugal, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom, and future members of the
European Union (or its successor), upon their admission for full membership
(with commercial rights and privileges substantially comparable to those of the
foregoing countries). 

EyeTech Rights shall mean any invention or
inventions, patentable or not, know-how, information and/or data relating to
the Product, including, without limitation, pre-clinical studies and clinical
trial information, manufacturing processes, formulations, modes of delivery
and/or data necessary for the manufacture, use or sale of the Product, which
are Controlled by EyeTech during the term of this Agreement, and all Patents
covering any of the foregoing which are Controlled by EyeTech during the term
of this Agreement. 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY
BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED. 

2 

FDA shall mean the United States Food and
Drug Administration, or any successor thereto. 

Field shall mean the prevention and treatment
of all human and other animal diseases and conditions, and expressly excluding
in vivo and in vitro diagnostic applications. 

First Commercial Sale shall mean, with
respect to any particular country, the first sale of a Product in such country
by EyeTech, or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees, after Regulatory
Approvals in such country have been granted from the relevant Regulatory
Authority in such country for such Product. 

GAAP shall mean United States generally
accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. 

Indemnified Party shall have the meaning
given in Section 7.2 hereof. 

Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning
given in Section 7.2 hereof. 

Know-How shall mean all ideas, materials,
inventions (whether patentable or not), trade secrets, data, instructions,
processes, formulas, expert opinion and information, including, without
limitation, the Manufacturing Information and biological, chemical,
pharmacological, toxicological, physical and analytical, safety, manufacturing
and quality control data and information, in each case within the Field, that,
as of the Effective Date are (i) existing, and (ii) Controlled by Gilead as of
the Effective Date, in each case which is necessary or useful for the
development, manufacture, use, sale or commercialization of the Product in the
Field. Excluded from Know-How are any
Patents, the Licensed Patents and the Transferred Assets. 

License shall mean the license granted by
Gilead to EyeTech pursuant to Section 2.1. 

Licensed Patents shall mean any Patents
listed in Exhibit D (as updated from time to time pursuant to Section 5.6)
which claim the manufacture, use, import, offer for sale or sale of Products in
accordance with this Agreement and which now or at any time during the term of
this Agreement are Controlled by Gilead or any Affiliate of Gilead. 

Major Countries shall mean Canada, France,
Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, United Kingdom and the United States. 

Manufacturing Information shall mean copies
of all existing information in written and electronic form in Gilead s
possession or control as of the Effective Date, with respect to any Product existing
as of the Effective Date, that relates to, in the Field: (1) processes for the production of NX1838,
and intermediates in the preparation of a Product; (2) the in-process
analytical controls for production of each of: 
(a) NX1838; and (b) a Product; (3) the process, formulation and
development reports generated for the preparation of a Product; (4) the
analytical methods and validation for the quality control release of each
of: (a) NX1838; and (b) a Product; and
(5) the stability protocols, stability indicating methods and stability data
for each of: (a) NX1838; and (b) a
Product. 

3 

NDA shall mean a New Drug Application filed
with the FDA requesting market approval for a new drug product. 

Net Sales shall mean, with respect to the
Product, the gross amount billed or invoiced by EyeTech, its Affiliates or
sublicensees, to unrelated Third Parties for the Products in finished product
form, less the following deductions: 

(a) trade,
quantity and cash discounts allowed, but expressly excluding discounts or
allowances offered as part of a package of products that includes a Product
sold by EyeTech, its Affiliates or sublicensees; 

(b) refunds,
chargebacks and any other allowances which effectively reduce the net selling
price; 

(c) actual
product returns, credits and allowances; 

(d) rebates
actually paid or credited to any governmental agency (or branch thereof) or to
any Third Party payor, administrator or contractee; 

(e) discounts
mandated by, or granted to meet the requirements of, applicable state,
provincial or federal law, wholesaler, including required chargebacks and
retroactive price reductions; 

(f) transportation,
freight, postage charges and other charges such as insurance, relating thereto,
in each case included as a specific line item on an invoice to such Third
Parties; and 

(g) taxes,
excises or other governmental charges upon or measured by the production, sale,
transportation, delivery or use of goods, in each case included as a specific
line item on an invoice to such Third Parties. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts received by EyeTech, or its
Affiliates or sublicensees, for the sale of Products among EyeTech and its
Affiliates or sublicensees for resale shall not be included in the computation
of Net Sales hereunder. Net Sales shall
be determined from books and records maintained in accordance with GAAP. In the event the Product is sold as part of
a combination product, or as part of bundled products or as part of a delivery
system, the Net Sales from the combination product, bundled product or delivery
system, for the purposes of determining royalty payments, shall be determined
by multiplying the Net Sales (as defined without regard to this paragraph) of
the combination product by the fraction, A/(A+B) where A is the average sale
price of the Product when sold separately in finished form and B is the average
sale price of the other product(s) or system sold separately in finished form,
or, only if the value of B cannot be determined, where A+B is the average sales
price of the product(s) and the delivery system together. If the value of B can be determined, in no
event will the sales price of any combination product, bundled product or
delivery system product be less than the sum of A and B. In the event that such average sale price
cannot be determined for both the Product and such other product(s) or system
in combination, the following calculation shall be substituted for the calculation
recited in (ii) of the preceding sentence: the Net Sales (as defined without
regard 

4 

to this paragraph) of the combination products shall be multiplied by
the fraction C/(C+D) where C is EyeTech s cost of goods of the Product and D is
EyeTech s cost of goods for the other product(s) or system, determined in
accordance with the method of accounting normally employed by EyeTech in
computing cost of goods, provided, however, that the minimum value
of such fraction as used in the calculation of Net Sales shall be 0.9. 

NX1838 shall mean Gilead s proprietary
compound known as NX1838, as described in Exhibit A. 

Party shall mean either Gilead or EyeTech,
and Parties shall mean both of Gilead and EyeTech. 

Patents shall mean patents and patent
applications, both foreign and domestic, including without limitation, all
extensions, reissues, renewals, reexaminations, patents of addition,
supplementary protection certificates and inventors certificates thereof,
substitutions, provisionals, divisionals, continuations and
continuations-in-part. 

Person shall mean a natural person, a
corporation, a partnership, a trust, a joint venture, a limited liability
company, any governmental authority or any other entity or organization. 

Pivotal Clinical Trial shall mean either (a)
a trial on sufficient numbers of patients that is designed to establish that a
pharmaceutical product is safe and efficacious for its intended use, and to
define warnings, precautions and adverse reactions that are associated with the
pharmaceutical product in the dosage range to be prescribed, and to support
Regulatory Approval of such pharmaceutical product or label expansion of such
pharmaceutical product, or (b) a clinical trial that began as a trial on
sufficient numbers of patients that is designed to establish the safety and
biological activity of a pharmaceutical product for its intended use, and to
define warnings, precautions and adverse reactions that are associated with the
pharmaceutical product in the dosage range to be prescribed, after such date as
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or its successor (or equivalent
regulatory authority) has indicated that the applicable Party may reasonably
continue such trials with the intention to establish that a pharmaceutical
product is safe and efficacious for its intended use, and to define warnings,
precautions and adverse reactions that are associated with the pharmaceutical
product in the dosage range to be prescribed, and to support Regulatory
Approval of such pharmaceutical product or label expansion of such
pharmaceutical product. 

Product shall mean any pharmaceutical
composition containing NX1838 in any formulation, dosage concentration or
volume, together with all label expansions, line extensions and improvements
thereon, which may be included in any supplement, modification or addition to
the filings for Regulatory Approval of the foregoing compound. 

Product Data Package shall include the
following information and data related to the Product in the possession or
control of Gilead as of the Effective Date: 
(a) the Regulatory Documents; (b) pre-clinical and clinical development
protocols, data, and reports; (c) manufacturing development technical reports;
(d) toxicology reports; and (e) such other information and data specifically
identified in Exhibit B attached hereto. 

5 

Product Inventory shall mean the NX1838 and
Product inventory, in bulk or finished form, which Gilead Controls as of the
Effective Date, as identified in Exhibit C attached hereto. 

Reasonable Diligence shall mean commercially
reasonable efforts to develop, obtain Regulatory Approval, and/or
commercialize, as applicable, a Product in a country in the Territory,
consistent with accepted business practices and legal requirements, and
comparable to efforts in the pharmaceutical industry applicable to development,
obtaining of Regulatory Approval for, or commercialization of human
pharmaceutical products at an equivalent stage of development and similar
market potential, profit potential and strategic value in view of conditions
then prevailing. 

Regulatory
Approval shall mean (a) in the United States, approval by the FDA of an
NDA, or equivalent application, for marketing approval and satisfaction of any
related applicable FDA registration and notification requirements (if any) and
(b) in any country other than the United States, all approvals (including any
required marketing, pricing and reimbursement approvals) by the Regulatory
Authority in such country of a single application or set of applications
comparable to an NDA, enabling legal sale of a product in such country. 

Regulatory Authority shall mean the FDA in
the United States or the equivalent governmental agency having jurisdiction in
any other country in the Territory. 

Regulatory Documents shall mean the (a)
United States investigational new drug application (the IND #56503 (dated
July 12, 1998), and all amendments and annual reports to same; (b) any pediatric data package or other
exclusivity extensions relating to Products; and (c) any other regulatory
filings with Regulatory Authorities relating to the Product. 

Royalty Term shall mean, with respect to each
country in which Product is sold, the period of time equal to the longer of (i)
 [ ] years from the date of First
Commercial Sale of the Product in such country, or (ii) the expiration of the
last-to-expire Licensed Patent in such country that claims the manufacture,
use, and or sale of such Product as such activities are carried out pursuant to
this Agreement. 

Territory shall mean the world, unless the
License terminates with respect to a country pursuant to Section 6.7, in which
case the Territory shall exclude any country in which the License has so
terminated. 

Third Party shall mean a Person other than
EyeTech, Gilead or their Affiliates. 

Transferred Assets shall mean the Product
Inventory and the Product Data Package. 

6 

SECTION 2 
GRANT OF LICENSES AND TRANSFER AND DELIVERY OF TRANSFERRED 
ASSETS AND MANUFACTURING INFORMATION 

2.1 Grant
of License . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during
the term of this Agreement, Gilead hereby grants to EyeTech an exclusive
license under the Licensed Patents and Know How to make, have made, use, sell,
offer to sell, import and export the Product within the Field throughout the
Territory, with a right to sublicense to its Affiliates or (subject to Section
2.4) to any other Person. 

2.2 Transferred
Assets . As of the Effective Date,
Gilead hereby assigns, transfers and conveys to EyeTech all of Gilead s right,
title and interest in and to the Transferred Assets (subject to Section
4.5(c)), and EyeTech hereby accepts such assignment, transfer and conveyance. On or before the Delivery Date, Gilead shall
have delivered to EyeTech all of the Transferred Assets and the Manufacturing
Information. EyeTech shall have up to
ten (10) days after such delivery to inventory the delivered Transferred Assets
and Manufacturing Information and to give notice to Gilead of any Transferred
Assets and Manufacturing Information that were not so delivered. If Gilead receives notice or otherwise
learns after the Delivery Date that it has failed to deliver any Transferred
Assets or Manufacturing Information to EyeTech, Gilead shall provide to EyeTech
any such Transferred Assets or Manufacturing Information no later than five (5)
Business Days after receipt of such notice or knowledge (or within such longer
time as is mutually agreed by EyeTech and Gilead). The clinical data portion of the Product Data Package shall be
provided to EyeTech in computer-readable format, where available, and otherwise
in printed format. Gilead shall be
under no obligation to convert to electronic format any portion of the Product
Data Package that currently is available only in printed format. In the event that EyeTech is unwilling or
unable to assume physical possession of the Transferred Assets and Manufacturing
Information by the Effective Date, Gilead shall be entitled to charge EyeTech a
reasonable fee for storage of the Transferred Assets and Manufacturing
Information beyond the Effective Date. 
Gilead shall ship the Transferred Assets to EyeTech F.O.B. to EyeTech s
designated facilities. For a period of
90 days following the receipt by EyeTech of the Transferred Assets and
Manufacturing Information, Gilead personnel shall be reasonably available
during Gilead s normal business hours to respond to technical inquiries of
EyeTech regarding Products as is reasonably requested by EyeTech. EyeTech acknowledges that Gilead makes no
representations or warranties with respect to the Transferred Assets or
Manufacturing Information (other than as expressly set forth in Section 5
below) and that it accepts such Transferred Assets and Manufacturing
Information as is. 

2.3 Negative
Covenant of EyeTech . EyeTech shall
not use or practice Licensed Patents or Know-How outside the Field or outside
the Territory or for any other purpose except activities that it conducts in
compliance with this Agreement. 

2.4 Sublicenses . EyeTech shall have the right to sublicense
the licenses granted to it by Gilead under this Agreement without the consent
of Gilead; provided 
that (i) prompt notice and a copy of such sublicense shall be given by EyeTech
to Gilead pursuant to Section 8.2 of this Agreement; (ii) EyeTech shall remain
obligated at all times under this Agreement without regard to whether it has
sublicensed its rights or whether EyeTech s sublicensee has performed; (iii)
such sublicense shall name Gilead as a third party beneficiary of such
sublicense; and (iv) any such sublicenses granted by EyeTech shall contain
provisions providing for its termination or assignment to Gilead, at the option
of Gilead, of EyeTech s interest therein upon termination of this Agreement,
and shall further contain provisions which obligate such sublicensee to comply 

7 

with such terms, conditions, agreements and obligations that are
consistent with the terms, conditions, agreements and obligations to which
EyeTech is subject under this Agreement. 

2.5 Gilead
Right of First Negotiation . Except as otherwise provided in this Section
2.5, Gilead shall have a right of first negotiation with respect obtaining all
rights with respect to any Product which is, or which can reasonably be
expected to be, [ ] (a Reversion
Product as follows: Eyetech shall
notify Gilead in writing if Eyetech intends to seek, negotiate, or solicit
offers to license a Third Party to commercialize the Reversion Product for the
treatment or prevention [ ] (the
 Reversion Field and a specific territory (the Reversion Territory ), prior
to contacting any such potential Third Party licensees. Such written notice shall include sufficient
detailed technical information concerning the Reversion Product as Gilead may
reasonably require to evaluate its interest in such Reversion Product. Within
thirty (30) days after receiving Eyetech s notice as to the Reversion Product,
Gilead shall notify Eyetech whether it is interested in negotiating with
Eyetech the terms under which Gilead shall obtain a license from Eyetech to
research, develop and commercialize Reversion Products as described herein. If
Gilead provides such notice, the Parties shall negotiate exclusively and in
good faith for a period of up to ninety (90) days after Eyetech receives
Gilead s notice of interest (the Negotiation Period the terms of an
agreement pursuant to which Eyetech will grant to Gilead and its Affiliates an
exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable license, under all Eyetech Know-How
and Eyetech Patents relating to such Reversion Product, to research, develop,
make, have made, use, import, offer for sale, sell and otherwise commercialize
such Reversion Product within the Reversion Field within the Reversion
Territory, and which agreement shall include commercially reasonable provisions
for transfer of or access to relevant regulatory filings and technology to
Gilead. Neither Gilead nor Eyetech shall have any obligation to actually enter
into a license agreement with respect to such Reversion Product. If either
Gilead does not respond to Eyetech s notice of intent to license the Reversion
Product within thirty (30) days after Gilead s receipt thereof, or Gilead and
Eyetech fail to agree upon the terms of a license under rights to the Reversion
Product during the Negotiation Period, Eyetech shall be free to commercialize
such Reversion Product by itself or through its Affiliates or Third Parties
without further obligation to Gilead. 

SECTION 3 
PAYMENTS AND DELIVERIES 

In consideration of the exclusive license granted
herein and the transfer of ownership of the Transferred Assets, EyeTech shall
pay the following amounts to Gilead: 

3.1 Initial
Payments and Deliveries . 

(a) On
or before Tuesday, April 4, 2000, EyeTech shall pay to Gilead the sum of [ ] United States Dollars (US [ ] by Federal Reserve electronic wire
transfer in immediately available funds to an account designated by
Gilead. Such amount shall be
non-refundable and non-creditable, and shall not be subject to any counterclaim
or set-off. 

(b) On
or before the Effective Date, EyeTech and Gilead Sciences shall enter into a
Warrant Agreement (the Warrant Agreement mutually satisfactory to both Parties 

8 

pursuant to which EyeTech shall issue to Gilead Sciences a warrant to
purchase EyeTech Series B Preferred Stock. 

(c) On
or before the Delivery Date, Gilead shall deliver to EyeTech (i) all of the Transferred
Assets pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Agreement; (ii) all of the Manufacturing
Information pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Agreement; and (iii) a schedule Schedule of Transferred Assets and Manufacturing Information setting forth
each of the Transferred Assets and Manufacturing Information being delivered to
EyeTech at such time. 

(d) Within
ten (10) days of delivery of the Transferred Assets and the Manufacturing
Information and of the Schedule of Transferred Assets and Manufacturing Information
pursuant to Section 3.1(c) above, EyeTech shall inventory the delivered
Transferred Assets and Manufacturing Information pursuant to Section 2.2 and
shall either (i) deliver to Gilead a receipt acknowledging the receipt of each
of the Transferred Assets and the Manufacturing Information set forth on the
Schedule of Transferred Assets and Manufacturing Information or (ii) notify
Gilead of any Transferred Assets or Manufacturing Information that Gilead did
not deliver. If Gilead receives notice or otherwise learns after the Delivery
Date that it has failed to deliver any Transferred Assets or Manufacturing
Information to EyeTech, Gilead shall provide to EyeTech any such Transferred
Assets or Manufacturing Information no later than five (5) Business Days after
receipt of such notice or knowledge (or within such longer time as is mutually
agreed by EyeTech and Gilead). Within
ten (10) days of Gilead delivering such missing items to EyeTech following
notice given by EyeTech pursuant to clause (ii) of this Section 3.1(d), EyeTech
shall deliver the receipt described in clause (i) of this Section 3.1(d). 

3.2 Milestone
Payments . Within five (5) Business
Days of EyeTech and/or its Affiliates or sublicensees achieving the first
occurrence of each of the milestone events listed below with respect to any
Product, EyeTech shall notify Gilead of such achievement and the date thereof,
and within thirty (30) days of the date of such achievement, pay the one-time
non-refundable fees specified below to Gilead by Federal Reserve electronic
wire transfer in immediately available funds to an account designated by
Gilead; provided, however, that in no event shall the following fees be payable
more than once with respect to Products for any particular geographical area or
Milestone: 

Milestone 

Fee 

First [ ] with respect to a Product 

[ ] 

First [ ] with respect to a Product 

[ ] 

First [ ] with respect to a Product 

[ ] 

First [ ] with respect to a Product 

[ ] 

First [ ] with respect to a Product 

[ ] 

First [ ] with respect to a Product 

[ ] 

9 

3.3 Royalties . 

(a) Royalty
on Products . EyeTech shall pay
Gilead a royalty payment on Net Sales of Products that are made or sold during
the Royalty Term and that are sold by EyeTech, its Affiliates or sublicensees
(the Royalty according to the following rates, as adjusted in accordance
with Sections 3.3(b) below: 

(i) [ ] percent [ ] of Net Sales in the United States for the first [ ] dollars [ ] in Net Sales in the United States in a given Calendar
Year; 

(ii) [ ] percent [ ] of Net Sales in the United States for the next [ ] dollars [ ] ), up to and including, [ ] 
dollars [ ] in Net Sales during
the same Calendar Year; 

(iii) [ ] percent [ ] of Net Sales in the United States in excess of [ ] dollars [ ] during the same Calendar Year; and 

(iv) [ ] percent [ ] of Net Sales outside the United States in the same
Calendar Year. 

By way of example, if, in the year 2005, EyeTech Net
Sales in the United States were equal to [ ] 
dollars [ ] ), and [ ] dollars [ ] outside the United States, then the Royalty payable to
Gilead hereunder would equal [ ] 
dollars [ ] ), calculated in the
following manner: 

Amount of Net Sales 

Royalty Rate 

Royalty 

First [ ] (United States) 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Next [ ] (United States) 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Next [ ] (United States) 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] (outside United
 States) 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Total Royalty 

[ ] 

By way of further
example, if, through the second Calendar Quarter in the year 2005, EyeTech Net
Sales in the United States were equal to [ ] 
dollars [ ] ), and [ ] dollars [ ] outside the United States, then the Royalty payable to
Gilead hereunder after such Calendar Quarter would equal [ ] dollars [ ] ), calculated in the following manner: 

Amount of Net Sales 

Royalty Rate 

Royalty 

First [ ] (United States) 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Next [ ] (United States) 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] (outside United
 States) 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Total Royalty 

[ ] 

(b) Offset . Notwithstanding the forgoing, on a country
by country and Product by Product basis, EyeTech may credit against Net Sales [ ] percent [ ] of any royalties it must pay to any Third Party on any
Product: (1) pursuant to any licenses
necessary to practice the License; or (2) resulting from any litigation
(including settlement thereof) under 

10 

Section 6.16; provided, however , for purposes of this
Section 3.3(b) that the applicable royalty rates used for calculation of
Royalties payable to Gilead shall not be reduced to less than [ ] percent [ ] of the royalty rates(s) otherwise applicable pursuant to
Section 3.3(a). 

3.4 Payment;
Report . All Royalties payable to
Gilead under this Agreement shall be paid in U.S. dollars within sixty (60)
days of the end of each Calendar Quarter or as otherwise specifically provided
herein by Federal Reserve electronic wire transfer in immediately available
funds to an account designated by Gilead. 
At the time of payment of Royalties, EyeTech shall send to Gilead a
statement with respect to the applicable Calendar Quarter, country by country
and Product by Product, for EyeTech, its Affiliates and sublicensees, of the
amount of aggregate worldwide gross sales and Net Sales, the amount of gross
sales during such Calendar Quarter, an itemized calculation of Net Sales
showing deductions provided for in the definition of Net Sales and in Section
3.3(b), and, on a cumulative basis for the current Calendar Year, the amount of
Royalties or other payments due on such sales. 

3.5 Exchange
Rate; Manner and Place of Payment . 

(a) All
payments due hereunder from time to time shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. For purposes of computing such payments, the
Net Sales of Product in countries other than the United States shall be
converted into U.S. Dollars as computed using the average monthly rate of
exchange at the time for such currencies as the rate applicable to the transfer
of funds arising from payments as published in the Wall Street Journal (New
York edition). The currency conversion system used by EyeTech shall be subject
to audit by Gilead as described in Section 3.6 and, if not determined to be a
system reflecting the fair market value of the currencies in question, shall be
modified as necessary to effect currency conversion at fair market value. 

(b) Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 3.5(a), if by reason of any restrictive exchange laws
or regulations, EyeTech shall be unable to convert to U.S. Dollars the amount,
determined as above, equivalent to the amount due by EyeTech hereunder, then
EyeTech shall so notify Gilead promptly and provide an explanation of the
circumstances. In such event, EyeTech
shall make all such payments or the balance thereof due hereunder and which is
not paid in foreign currency as provided below, in U.S. Dollars as soon as
reasonably possible after and to the extent that such restrictive exchange laws
or regulations are lifted so as to permit EyeTech to pay amounts due under this
Section 3.5 in U.S. Dollars. EyeTech
shall promptly notify Gilead if such restrictions are so lifted. At its option Gilead shall meanwhile have
the right to request the payment (to it or to its nominee), and, upon request,
EyeTech shall pay or cause to be paid amounts due (or such portions thereof as
are specified by Gilead) in the currency of any other country designated by
Gilead and legally available to EyeTech under the then-existing laws of
regulations. Any payments shall be
payable to Gilead by wire transfer at such bank in the United States as Gilead
Sciences shall specify from time to time. 
Not less than one (1) Business Day prior to such wire transfer, the
remitting party shall telefax the receiving party advising it of the amount and
of the payment to be made. 

3.6 Audits . EyeTech and its Affiliates and sublicensees
shall keep full and accurate books and records relating to the financial
performance of the Product. During the
term of this 

11 

Agreement plus four (4) years after termination or expiration of this
Agreement, Gilead shall have the right, during regular business hours and upon
reasonable advance notice, to have such books and records audited by an
independent certified accountant so as to verify the accuracy of the
information previously reported to Gilead. 
Such information shall be deemed to be Proprietary Information of
EyeTech and, as such, subject to confidentiality obligations pursuant to
Section 6.3. The independent certified
account shall keep confidential any Proprietary Information obtained during
such audit and shall report to Gilead only the amounts of Royalties due and
payable. The cost of such audit shall
be borne by Gilead; however, in the event such audit reveals that the Royalties
to Gilead constitute an underpayment of five percent (5 or more from that
revealed by the audit to be actually owed, the cost of the audit shall be borne
by EyeTech. EyeTech shall include in
all sublicenses granted as permitted under Section 2.4 an audit provision
substantially similar to the foregoing requiring the sublicensee to keep full
and accurate books and records relating to the Product and granting Gilead the
right to audit the accuracy of the information reported by the sublicensee in
connection therewith on the same terms as apply to an audit of EyeTech s
records hereunder. The terms of this
Section 3.6 shall survive any termination or expiration or termination of this
Agreement for a period of four (4) years. 

3.7 Withholding
Taxes . Any and all taxes levied on
account of royalty payments paid or owed from a country in which provision is
made in the law or by regulation for withholding will be deducted from royalty
payments paid Gilead hereunder. EyeTech
shall cooperate with Gilead to claim exemption from such deductions or
withholdings under any double taxation or similar agreement in force from time
to time. 

3.8 Sublicensee
Obligations . In the event EyeTech
sublicenses its right to sell a Product, such sublicense shall include an
obligation for the sublicensee to account for and report its Net Sales of
Products and provide that Gilead shall have audit rights therefor pursuant to
this Section 3 on the same basis as if such sales were Net Sales of Products by
EyeTech, and EyeTech shall pay royalty payments to Gilead as if the Net Sales
of the sublicensee were Net Sales of EyeTech. 

3.9 Late
Payments . Any amounts not paid by
EyeTech when due under this Agreement shall be subject to interest from and
including the date payment is due through and including the date upon which
Gilead has collected immediately available funds in an account designated by
Gilead at a rate equal to the sum of two percent (2 plus the prime rate of
interest quoted in the Money Rates section of The Wall Street Journal,
calculated daily on the basis of a 360-day year, or similar reputable data
source. No special notice by Gilead to
EyeTech of such interest due shall be required. 

3.10 Compulsory
License . If either Party learns that a Third Party has obtained a
Compulsory License in any country in the Territory, such Party shall promptly
notify the other Party of such occurrence. 
If the royalty rate payable by the grantee of the Compulsory License is
less than the royalty rates applicable in such country set forth in Section 3.3
of this Agreement, then the applicable royalty rates set forth in Section 3.3
of this Agreement shall be reduced to the lower royalty rates applicable in
such country pursuant to such Compulsory License for so long 

12 

as sales of a Competitive Product are made by any Third Party pursuant
to the Compulsory License. 

SECTION 4 
TERM OF AGREEMENT; TERMINATION 

4.1 Term . The term of this Agreement shall commence upon
the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated as provided in this Section 4,
expire on the expiration of all Royalty Terms for all Products. 

4.2 Licenses
upon Expiration . In the event that
the Agreement expires as set forth in Section 4.1 above without early
termination, the License shall automatically become, at EyeTech s election made
at least 90 days prior to such expiration, either (i) an exclusive,
irrevocable, royalty-bearing license, subject to the surviving provisions of
the Agreement, to use and/or sublicense the use of Know How to make, have made,
use, import, have imported, offer for sale, sell, and have sold Product(s) in
the Field in the Territory as it exists at the time of such expiration, subject
to payment by EyeTech to Gilead of a royalty equal to [ ] percent [ ] of Net Sales of Products made pursuant to the license
under this Section 4.2(i) after the expiration of this Agreement, or (ii) a
non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, paid-up license, subject to the
surviving provisions of this Agreement, to use and/or sublicense the use of
Know How to make, have made, use, import, have imported, offer for sale, sell,
and have sold Product(s) in the Field in the Territory as it exists at the time
of such expiration. 

4.3 Termination
for Breach . Each Party shall have
the right to terminate this Agreement and its obligations hereunder for
material breach by the other Party, which breach remains uncured for sixty (60)
days after written notice is provided to the breaching Party, or in the case of
an obligation to pay royalty payments or other amounts owing under this
Agreement, which breach remains uncured for thirty (30) days after written
notice to the breaching Party; provided, however, that non-payment of any
royalty amounts or other payments owing under this Agreement, for which the
non-paying Party reasonably disputes the obligation or amounts not paid, shall
not be deemed a breach of an obligation to pay royalty payments or other
amounts owing under this Agreement, provided that the non-paying Party has paid
all such amounts not in reasonable dispute. 

4.4 Termination
in Event of Patent Challenge . Gilead shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement if EyeTech challenges the validity of the Licensed Patents within any
country in the Territory, effective thirty (30) days after EyeTech s receipt of
written notice of such termination by Gilead. 

4.5 Reversion
of Product Rights . 

(a) Termination
of Agreement . In the event that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to
Sections 4.3 or 4.4 above, other than for Gilead s material breach of this
Agreement, the License shall terminate immediately upon such termination. 

13 

(b) Loss
of License Rights in Country . In
the event that EyeTech permanently loses its right to use and sell Products in
any country other than by reason of any action or failure to act on the part of
Gilead or any party acting on behalf of Gilead, the License shall terminate
with respect to such country. 

(c) Transfer
of Rights . With respect to any and
all countries in which EyeTech s license rights are terminated pursuant to
Sections 4.5(a), 4.5(b), or 6.7(b): (i) such country(ies) shall automatically
be removed from the Territory; (ii) EyeTech hereby grants to Gilead an
exclusive, freely sublicensable license under the EyeTech Rights, which license
shall be royalty-free and paid-up, subject to Section 4.5(d), to make, have
made, use, import, offer for sale, sell and otherwise research, develop and
commercialize formulations of the NX1838 in such countries, and Gilead
covenants not to practice such license until the actual termination of
EyeTech s license rights as to such countries pursuant to Sections 4.5(a) or
(b); (iii) EyeTech shall assign all of its right, title and interest in and to,
and shall cooperate in the transfer of all of, the following related to
Products to the extent that EyeTech Controlled such during the term of this
Agreement: (A) INDs and Regulatory Approvals, (B) all pre-clinical and clinical
development protocols, data, and reports and other information and data (with
any clinical data to be in computer-readable format, where available, and
otherwise in printed format, with no obligation of EyeTech to convert to
electronic format any portion of such clinical data that currently is available
only in printed format), (C) manufacturing development technical reports, (D)
toxicology reports, and (E) such other information and data specifically
identified in Exhibit B or of such type (the preceding (A), (B), (C), (D) and
(E) constituting the Updated Product Data Package ), (iv) EyeTech shall
deliver to Gilead copies of all information, records and data that it Controls
that are reasonably necessary for the research, development and
commercialization of Products, including without limitation all clinical data
relating to Products, forward to Gilead samples of all chemical and biological
materials acquired, made, cloned, synthesized, first discovered or collected as
a result of research development or commercialization of Products and
reasonable necessary to continue the research, development and
commercialization of Products, and take such other actions and execute such
other instruments, assignments and documents as may be necessary to effect the
transfer of rights and materials hereunder to Gilead; and (v) EyeTech shall
provide assistance reasonably requested by Gilead for a period of ninety (90)
days following the date of notice of termination to facilitate the exercise of
the license granted to Gilead in Section 4.5(c)(ii). 

(d) Royalties .
Any license granted to Gilead pursuant to Section 4.5(c) shall be subject to
payment of a royalty to EyeTech on a country-by-country basis at a rate equal
to: (i) if such license is granted after initiation of Pivotal Clinical Trials
for a Product applicable to such country, [ ] 
percent [ ] of Gilead s net
sales of Products in such country, or (ii) if such license is granted on or
after the first Regulatory Approval of Product in such country, [ ] percent [ ] of Gilead s net sales of Products in such country. 

4.6 Accrued
Rights and Obligations; Survival . 
Termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason shall be
without prejudice to any rights which shall have accrued to the benefit of
either Party prior to such termination or expiration, including damages arising
from any breach hereunder. The
following provisions of this Agreement shall survive the expiration or
termination of this Agreement: Sections
2.3, 4.2, 4.6, 5, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 6.9, 6.11(a), 6.12, 6.18, 

14 

7, 8. The following provisions
of this Agreement shall survive the expiration of this Agreement to the extent
that the license granted to EyeTech pursuant to Section 4.2 is in effect:
Sections 3.4 through 3.9, 4.3, 4.5,
6.2, 6.7(d), 6.7(f), 6.8, 6.11(b),
6.11(c), 6.11(d), 6.13, 6.16 and 6.17(a). 

SECTION 5 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

5.1 Corporate
Existence and Power . As of the Effective Date, each Party represents and
warrants to the other that it (a) is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the state in which it is
incorporated, and (b) has full corporate power and authority and the legal
right to own and operate its property and assets and to carry on its business
as it is now being conducted and as contemplated in this Agreement, including,
without limitation, the right to grant the licenses granted hereunder. 

5.2 Authority
and Binding Agreement . As of the Effective Date, each Party represents and
warrants to the other that it (a) has the corporate power and authority and the
legal right to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder,
(b) has taken all necessary corporate action on its part required to authorize
the execution and delivery of the Agreement and the performance of its
obligations hereunder, and (c) the Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered on behalf of such Party, and constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of such Party and is enforceable against it in accordance with its
terms. 

5.3 Title .
As of the Effective Date, each Party represents and warrants to the other that
it has sufficient legal and/or beneficial title under its intellectual property
rights necessary to perform activities contemplated under this Agreement and to
grant the licenses contained in this Agreement and other ownership rights
conveyed pursuant to this Agreement 

5.4 No
Conflict . Each Party represents and warrants to the other that it has not
entered, and will not enter, into any agreement with any Third Party which is
in conflict with the rights granted to the other Party under this Agreement,
and has not taken and will not take any action that would in any way prevent it
from granting the rights granted to the other Party under this Agreement, or
that would otherwise materially conflict with or adversely affect the rights
granted to the other Party under this Agreement. 

5.5 No
Approvals or Consents Required . 
Each Party represents and warrants to the other that all necessary
consents, approvals and authorizations of all governmental authorities and
other persons or entities required to be obtained by such Party in order to
enter into this Agreement have been obtained. 

5.6 Patents .
Gilead represents and warrants to EyeTech that in Exhibit D, Gilead has in good
faith supplied a complete list of all Patents it Controls as of the Effective
Date, that, but for the grant of the License, would be infringed by the
manufacture, use or sale of Products in the Field. If EyeTech reasonably determines that any Patent Controlled by
Gilead or any Affiliate of Gilead as of the Effective Date should be added to
Exhibit D because EyeTech s manufacture, use or sale of Products would infringe
such Patent, then there shall be no deemed breach of Gilead s representations
and warranties in this Section 5.6 until after the parties negotiate in 

15 

good faith regarding the addition of any such Patent to Exhibit D
without any additional financial obligation and are unable to reach agreement
on such addition of such Patent. 

5.7 No
Conflict . Each Party represents and
warrants to the other that the execution and delivery of the Agreement by such
Party and the performance of such Party s obligations hereunder (a) do not
conflict with or violate any requirement of applicable law or regulation or any
provision of articles of incorporation or bylaws of such Party in any material
way, and (b) do not conflict with, violate or breach or constitute a default or
require any consent under, any contractual obligation or court or
administrative order by which such Party is bound. 

5.8 Regulatory
Documents . Gilead represents and
warrants to EyeTech that: 

(a) Gilead
has furnished EyeTech with access to a complete copy of the United States
Regulatory Documents for the Product, including all material amendments and
supplements thereto; 

(b) the
Regulatory Documents have been accepted by, and Gilead has received no notice
that the Regulatory Documents are not in good standing with, the relevant
Regulatory Authorities; 

(c) to
its knowledge, Gilead has filed with the relevant Regulatory Authorities all
required notices, supplemental applications and annual or other reports,
including adverse experience reports, with respect to the Regulatory Documents
which are material; 

(d) Gilead
has received no written notice of any regulatory action by the relevant
Regulatory Authorities which may reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the ability of a Party to obtain Regulatory Approval for
Products based upon the Regulatory Documents. 

5.9 Manufacturing
Information . Gilead represents and
warrants that, it has delivered or shall by the Delivery Date deliver to
EyeTech all of the Transferred Assets and the Manufacturing Information. 

5.10 Product
Quality . Gilead hereby represents
and warrants that all Product Inventory that is provided to EyeTech pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement has been manufactured in compliance with all laws,
rules and regulations (including without limitation, all applicable IND
applications) applicable to the conduct of Gilead s Phase I clinical trial for
a Product. 

5.11 Implied
Warranties . EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY
PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION 5, GILEAD MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO
THE PATENTS, LICENSED PATENTS, KNOW-HOW, THE TRANSFERRED ASSETS, PRODUCTS, ITS
INVENTORY OF PRODUCTS OR NX1838, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EITHER IN FACT OR BY
OPERATION OF LAW, BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, OR OTHERWISE, AND GILEAD SPECIFICALLY
DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES. 

16 

Without limiting the foregoing, EyeTech acknowledges that it has not
and is not relying upon any implied warranty, including without limitation
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
non-infringement of third party rights, or upon any representation or warranty
whatsoever as to the prospects (financial, regulatory or otherwise), or the
validity or likelihood of success, of any Product after the Effective Date. 

SECTION 6 
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

6.1 Governmental
Filings . Gilead and EyeTech each
agree to prepare and file whatever filings, requests or applications are
required to be filed with any governmental authority in connection with this
Agreement and to cooperate with one another as reasonably necessary to accomplish
the foregoing. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, prior to, or within five (5) Business Days
following, the assignment, transfer and conveyance by Gilead to EyeTech of the
Transferred Assets pursuant to Section 2.2, Gilead shall have submitted to the
relevant Regulatory Authorities the information required of a former owner of
regulatory filings with respect to the Product, and EyeTech shall submit to the
relevant Regulatory Authorities the information required of a new owner of regulatory
filings with respect to the Product. 

6.2 Compliance
with Law . EyeTech shall comply with
all supranational, national, federal, state, provincial and other local laws
and regulations applicable to EyeTech s manufacture, use, development,
marketing and sale of the Product. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, EyeTech shall
not promote the Product in any manner in conflict with any applicable laws or
regulations. 

6.3 Proprietary
Information; Exceptions . Each Party
will maintain all Proprietary Information received by it under this Agreement
in trust and confidence and will not disclose any such Proprietary Information
to any Third Party or use any such Proprietary Information for any purposes
other than those necessary or permitted for performance under this
Agreement. In particular, EyeTech shall
not use any Know How for the manufacture or sale of any product other than a
Product in the Field. Each Party may
use such Proprietary Information only to the extent required to accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement. Proprietary
Information shall not be used for any purpose or in any manner that would
constitute a violation of any laws or regulations, including without limitation
the export control laws of the United States. 
Proprietary Information shall not be reproduced in any form except as
required to accomplish the intent of this Agreement. No Proprietary Information shall be disclosed to any employee,
agent, consultant, Affiliate, or sublicensee who does not have a need for such
information. To the extent that
disclosure is authorized by this Agreement, the disclosing Party will obtain
prior agreement, from its employees, directors, agents, consultants,
Affiliates, sublicensees or clinical investigators to whom disclosure is permitted
to be made, to obligations to hold in confidence and not make use of such
information for any purpose other than those permitted by this Agreement, that
are at least as restrictive as those of this Section 6.3. Each Party will use at least the same
standard of care as it uses to protect its own Proprietary Information of a
similar nature to ensure that such employees, agents, consultants and clinical
investigators do not disclose or make any unauthorized use of such Proprietary
Information, but no less than reasonable care. 

17 

Each Party will notify the other within two (2) Business Days upon
discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Proprietary Information. 

Proprietary Information shall not include any
information which, as shown by competent proof: 

(a) is
now, or hereafter becomes, through no act or failure to act on the part of the
receiving Party, its employees or contractors in breach hereof, generally known
or available; 

(b) is
known by the receiving Party at the time of receiving such information, as
evidenced by its contemporaneous written records; 

(c) is
hereafter furnished to the receiving Party by a Third Party, as a matter of
right and without restriction on disclosure; 

(d) is
independently developed by the receiving Party without any breach of this
Agreement, as shown by independent, contemporaneous, written records; or 

(e) is
the subject of a prior, express, written permission to disclose provided by the
disclosing Party. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section
6.3, (i) the Parties agree that they shall issue a press release promptly after
close of NASDAQ trading on Monday, April 3, 2000, which shall include key
financial terms for this Licensing Agreement and the Warrant Agreement,
including the initial payment under Section 3.1(a), the aggregate milestone
payments under Section 3.2, the number and class of shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrant pursuant to the Warrant Agreement and the price per share
of such shares, but excluding the royalty rates in Section 3.3 and elsewhere in
this Agreement, and (ii) either Party may disclose such terms to bona fide
potential corporate partners, to the extent required or contemplated by this
Agreement, and to financial underwriters and other Third Parties with a need to
know such information, provided that all such disclosures shall be made only to
such Third Parties under an obligation of confidentiality and appropriately
limited use. 

6.4 Authorized
Disclosure . Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, each Party may disclose Proprietary
Information if such disclosure: 

(a) is
in response to a valid order of a court or other governmental body of the
United States or a foreign country, or any political subdivision thereof;
provided, however, that the receiving Party shall first have given notice to
the other Party hereto and shall have made a reasonable effort to obtain a
protective order requiring that the Proprietary Information so disclosed be used
only for the purposes for which the order was issued; 

(b) is
otherwise required by governmental law, rule or regulation, including without
limitation rules or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
or by rules of the National Association of Securities Dealers; or 

18 

(c) is
otherwise necessary to file or prosecute patent applications, prosecute or
defend litigation or comply with applicable governmental regulations or
otherwise establish rights or enforce obligations under this Agreement, but
only to the extent that any such disclosure is necessary. Under no circumstances will EyeTech disclose
publicly proprietary features of Gilead manufacturing technology for NX1838;
provided, however, that Gilead shall cooperate with EyeTech to disclose such
information to the extent required to provide EyeTech with reasonable
protection from liability by reason of this prohibition on disclosure. 

6.5 Return
of Proprietary Information . In the
event that the License terminates or expires, EyeTech shall promptly return all
Proprietary Information received by it from Gilead. 

6.6 Expenses . Gilead and EyeTech shall each bear their own
direct and indirect expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation and
preparation of this Agreement and, except as set forth in this Agreement, the
performance of the obligations contemplated hereby. 

6.7 Efforts . 

(a) EyeTech
shall use Reasonable Diligence to develop, obtain Regulatory Approval for, and
commercialize Product(s) in the Territory and shall be solely responsible for
all related development, regulatory and commercialization efforts and costs; provided,
however, with respect to countries in the Territory that are not
Major Countries (such countries, Non-Major Countries ), EyeTech shall have the
right to determine, on a country by country basis using its reasonable
discretion not to pursue Regulatory Approval in such Non-Major Country because
commercialization of the Product is not economically feasible for EyeTech.
EyeTech shall provide Gilead with written notice of all decisions by EyeTech to
not pursue development, Regulatory Approval or commercialization in a country
in the Territory for a Product in the Field for any reason within thirty (30)
days of such decision. 

(b) In
the event EyeTech or its sublicensees fail to undertake Reasonable Diligence in
developing, obtaining Regulatory Approval of, and/or commercializing Products
in one or more Major Countries in the Territory, such failure shall (i) automatically
cause the License to terminate with respect to such Major Country(ies) and have
the consequences set forth in Section 4.5(c) with respect to any such Major
Country(ies); and (ii) shall entitle Gilead to terminate this Agreement for
material breach under Section 4.3 if there have been such failures of diligence
applying to four (4) or more Major Countries, with the consequences set forth
in Section 4.5(c); provided in each case that EyeTech (or its
sublicensee) does not cure such failure within ninety (90) days of written
notice from Gilead specifying its belief that such failure has occurred and the
reasons therefor. Gilead shall not be
entitled to exercise the foregoing termination rights if EyeTech reasonably
disputes Gilead s contention that EyeTech has failed in such Reasonable
Diligence until after the Parties have first completed dispute resolution
procedures pursuant to Section 8.9. 

(c) EyeTech s
Responsibilities . EyeTech shall be
responsible, at its sole expense, for all development of, regulatory activities
relating to, and commercialization of Products in the Territory beginning on
the Effective Date, including performing clinical development of Products
within the Territory using standard pharmaceutical industry practices, 

19 

and making all regulatory filings necessary to obtain Regulatory
Approvals of Products in the Territory. 
Within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, EyeTech shall provide to
Gilead a formal clinical development plan for Products in the Field in the
Territory (the Development Plan ), pursuant to which EyeTech will carry out
development of Products under this Agreement, which shall be reasonably
satisfactory to Gilead. The Development
Plan shall be subject to amendment by EyeTech from time to time, with notice
and copy of such amended Development Plan to Gilead; provided, however, (i)
Gilead shall have the right to review such proposed amendment prior to its
adoption; (ii) EyeTech shall in good faith consider any reasonable comments and
considerations raised by Gilead within five (5) Business Days of Gilead s
receipt of such proposed amendment; and (iii) such proposed amendment is
consistent with EyeTech s obligations of Reasonable Diligence pursuant to
Sections 6.7(a) and (b). 

(d) Regulatory
Filings and Matters . EyeTech will
file such regulatory filings as may be necessary to obtain Regulatory Approvals
of Products within the Territory. 
EyeTech will be responsible for all communications with all
supranational, regional, federal, state, provincial or other local regulatory
agencies, department, bureaus and other governmental authorities with
jurisdiction over Regulatory Approvals in connection with such filings. EyeTech will keep Gilead informed of the
status of such filings in each country, and will provide Gilead with at least
sixty (60) days advance notice of the final submission of an application for
Regulatory Approval in any country of the Territory. EyeTech will promptly advise Gilead each time that it obtains
Regulatory Approval of Products in a country of the Territory. EyeTech shall be
responsible for the reporting of adverse events related to the use of Products
marketed by EyeTech, its Affiliates or sublicensees in the Territory. 

(e) Reporting;
Meetings . Prior to February 1, May
1, August 1 and November 1 of each Calendar Year, EyeTech will submit to
Gilead, written reports summarizing the status and progress of the clinical
development, marketing and commercialization efforts for each Product in sufficient
detail so as to allow Gilead to monitor EyeTech s compliance with Section
6.7(a). During March and September of
each Calendar Year, senior executive and scientific personnel of EyeTech will
meet with Gilead representatives to report on the status of development and
commercialization of Products and to consult as to modifications in the
development plan referenced in Section 6.7(c). 

6.8 Pricing . EyeTech shall determine, in its sole
discretion, the pricing, discounting policy and other commercial terms relating
solely to Products. EyeTech agrees that
EyeTech, its Affiliates and its sublicensees shall not subject the selling
price of Products to abnormal discounts taken against Products in order to
achieve sales of other products. 

6.9 Export
Control . This Agreement is made
subject to any restrictions concerning the export of products or technical
information from the United States of America or other countries which may be
imposed upon or related to Gilead or EyeTech from time to time. Each Party agrees that it will not export,
directly or indirectly, any technical information acquired from the other Party
under this Agreement or any products using such technical information to a
location or in a manner that at the time of export requires an export license
or other governmental approval, without first obtaining the written consent to
do so from the appropriate agency or other governmental entity. 

20 

6.10 Inability
to Develop or Commercialize . EyeTech represents that it has, and covenants
that it will maintain adequate resources and expertise to fulfill its
obligations under this Agreement. 
During the term of this Agreement, EyeTech shall provide such information
that Gilead may request that is reasonably necessary for Gilead to verify that
EyeTech has adequate resources and expertise to fulfill its obligations under
this Section 6.10. 

6.11 Compliance
with Laws; Cooperation; Maintenance of Original Documents . 

(a) Each
Party shall carry out its activities pursuant to this Agreement in compliance
with all applicable supranational, national, state, provincial and local laws,
rules, regulations and guidances. 

(b) Gilead
and EyeTech each agree to use all commercially reasonable efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary or proper to make effective the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including such actions as may be reasonably necessary to obtain
approvals and consents of governmental Persons and other Persons (including,
without limitation, all applicable drug listing and notifications to the
relevant Regulatory Authority identifying EyeTech as the licensee of the
Product), in each case as reasonably necessary to allow EyeTech to develop,
obtain Regulatory Approvals for, and commercialize Products as provided in this
Agreement; provided that no Party shall be required in connection with such
activities to (1) make any payment (other than as expressly required pursuant
to this Agreement), or (2) assume any other material obligation not otherwise
required to be assumed by this Agreement. 

(c) For
so long as EyeTech, its Affiliates or sublicensees is making, using or selling
Products, Gilead shall store and maintain all original Manufacturing
Information in a secure location in accordance with practices customary for
Gilead and the pharmaceutical industry for regulatory documents and in
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and, upon proper notice from a
Regulatory Authority of competent jurisdiction over Products, shall make such
Manufacturing Information reasonably available to such Regulatory Authority. 

(d) EyeTech
shall store and maintain all original Updated Product Data Package in a secure
location in accordance with practices customary for EyeTech and the
pharmaceutical industry for regulatory documents and in compliance with
applicable laws and regulations. 

6.12 Cooperation . If either Party shall become engaged in or
participate in any investigation, claim, litigation or other proceeding with
any Third Party, including any proceeding before a Regulatory Authority,
relating in any way to the Product or any of the Licensed Patents the other
Party shall cooperate in all reasonable respects with such Party in connection
therewith, including, without limitation, using its reasonable efforts to make
available to the other Party such Party s employees who may be helpful with
respect to such investigation, claim, litigation or other proceeding, provided
that, for purposes of this provision, reasonable efforts to make available any
employee shall be deemed to mean providing a Party with reasonable access to
any such employee at no cost for a period of time not to exceed 24 hours (e.g.,
three 8-hour Business Days). 
Thereafter, any such employee shall be made available for 

21 

such time and upon such terms and conditions (including, but not
limited to, compensation) as the Parties may mutually agree. 

6.13 Exclusive
Rights . The licenses granted under
this Agreement to EyeTech are exclusive, and no Person, including without
limitation Gilead, shall have any right with respect to such licenses during
the term of this Agreement, except as otherwise permitted under this Agreement. Except as otherwise permitted by this
Agreement, Gilead shall refrain from granting any right to any Third Party
relating to NX1838, the Licensed Patents or the Transferred Assets that would,
in any manner, violate the terms of or conflict with the rights granted to
EyeTech pursuant to this Agreement. 

6.14 Patent
Prosecution and Maintenance . 

(a) Prosecution
of Patents . Licensed Patents shall
be prosecuted and maintained in the Territory by Gilead using diligent efforts,
at Gilead s expense, except as otherwise provided in this Section 6.14(a). If Gilead reasonably determines that it has
no material or commercially useful application for a Licensed Patent, then
EyeTech shall have the right to have Gilead prosecute and maintain such
Licensed Patents or file for such patent term extension therefor at EyeTech s
sole expense. EyeTech shall bear all
reasonable costs of any inter partes patent proceeding, including without
limitation oppositions, interferences or contested re-examinations, which
proceeding shall be conducted under the control of Gilead. 

(b) EyeTech
shall assist Gilead in obtaining patent extensions and supplementary protection
certificates, and provide such other assistance as reasonably requested by
Gilead in connection with the prosecution and maintenance of the Licensed
Patents in any part of the Territory at EyeTech s sole expense. 

6.15 Infringement
of Licensed Patents . 

(a) Notice . Each Party shall promptly notify the other
in writing of any alleged infringement by Third Parties of any Licensed Patent
within the Territory and provide any information available to that Party
relating to such alleged infringement or misappropriation. EyeTech shall have no rights with respect to
any infringement of Licensed Patents that occurs outside of the Field and/or
outside the Territory except the right to receive notice pursuant to this
Section 6.15(a). 

(b) Enforcement
of Licensed Patents against Competitive Products . If any Licensed Patent is infringed by a Third Party in
connection with the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale or import of a
Competitive Product within the Field and within the Territory Competitive
Product Infringement ), EyeTech shall have the primary right, but not the
obligation, to initiate, prosecute and control any action with respect to such
infringement in the Territory, by counsel of its own choice, to secure the
cessation of the infringement or to enter suit against the infringer. Gilead shall have the right to participate
in any such action with respect to the Licensed Patents and to be represented
by counsel of its own choice. If EyeTech fails to bring an action or proceeding
to enforce a Licensed Patent within a period of one hundred twenty (120) days
after having knowledge of infringement of such Licensed Patent, then Gilead 

22 

shall have the right to bring and control any such action by counsel of
its own choice, and EyeTech shall have the right to participate in such action
and be represented by counsel of its own choice. If a Party brings any such action or proceeding under this
Section 6.15(b), the other Party agrees to be joined as a party plaintiff and
to give the first Party reasonable assistance and authority to control, file
and prosecute the suit as necessary. 
The costs and expenses of the Party bringing suit under this Section
6.15(b) (including the internal costs and expenses specifically attributable to
such suit) shall be reimbursed first out of any damages or other monetary
awards recovered in favor of the Parties, and any remaining damages shall be
treated as Net Sales of EyeTech in its Territory if EyeTech controlled the
action or allocated between the parties in
accordance with their economic interest in the profitability of Products if
Gilead controlled the action. No settlement or consent judgment or other
voluntary final disposition of a suit under this Section 6.15(b) relating to a
Licensed Patent may be entered into without the consent of Gilead, not to be
unreasonably withheld. 

(c) Enforcement
of Licensed Patents against Non-Competitive Products . With respect to any infringement of Licensed
Patents within the Field and within the Territory that is not a Competitive
Product Infringement, Gilead shall have the primary right, but not the
obligation, to initiate, prosecute and control any action with respect to such
infringement, by counsel of its own choice, to secure the cessation of the
infringement or to enter suit against the infringer and shall be the Lead
Party and EyeTech shall be the Secondary Party . The Secondary Party shall have the right to participate in any
such action with respect to its Patents and to be represented by counsel of its
own choice. If the Lead Party fails to bring an action or proceeding to enforce
a Licensed Patent within a period of one hundred twenty (120) days after having
knowledge of infringement of such Licensed Patent, then the Secondary Party
shall have the right to bring and control any such action by counsel of its own
choice, and the Lead Party shall have the right to participate in such action
and be represented by counsel of its own choice. If a Party brings any such action or proceeding hereunder, the
other Party agrees to be joined as a party plaintiff and to give the first
Party reasonable assistance and authority to control, file and prosecute the
suit as necessary. The costs and
expenses of the Party bringing suit under this Section 6.15(c) (including the
internal costs and expenses specifically attributable to such suit) shall be
reimbursed first out of any damages or other monetary awards recovered in favor
of the Parties, and any remaining damages shall be paid to Gilead if Gilead
controlled the action, or paid to each Party in proportion to their
expenditures in such action, if EyeTech controlled the action. No settlement or
consent judgment or other voluntary final disposition of a suit under this
Section 6.15(c) relating to a Licensed Patent may be entered into without the
consent of Gilead, not to be unreasonably withheld. 

6.16 Infringement
of Third Party s Rights . 

(a) If
the practice of the Licensed Patents through the manufacture, use or sale of
Products by EyeTech, its Affiliates or sublicensees results in a claim for
patent infringement against EyeTech, its Affiliates or sublicensees, the Party
to this Agreement first having notice of that claim shall promptly notify the
other Party in writing. The notice shall set forth the facts of the claim in
reasonable detail. 

23 

(b) If
a Third Party asserts that a patent or other right owned by or licensed to it
is infringed by the practice of the Licensed Patents through the manufacture,
use or sale of Products by EyeTech, its Affiliates or sublicensees pursuant to
the License, EyeTech may attempt to resolve the problem raised by the asserted
infringement. The matter shall be
deemed resolved if EyeTech obtains: (a)
a license permitting EyeTech to manufacture, use and sell Products in that
country on a royalty-free or royalty-bearing basis; (b) a statement or
representation from the Third Party that: 
(1) no action will be taken against EyeTech, its Affiliates or its
sublicensees, or (2) that the patent or other right is not infringed by the
manufacture, use or sale of Products by EyeTech, its Affiliates or its
sublicensees; or (c) a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction from
which no appeal has or can be taken that the Third Party s patent(s) alleged to
be infringed is invalid, or the Third Party s patent(s) or other right(s) are
unenforceable or not infringed by the manufacture, use or sale of Products by
EyeTech, its Affiliates or sublicensees. EyeTech shall have the primary right
to defend any such claim. Gilead shall
have the right, but not the obligation, to participate in any such suit at its
sole option and at its own expense. 
Each Party shall reasonably cooperate with the Party conducting the
defense of the claim. Neither Party
shall enter into any settlement that affects the other Party s rights or
interests without such other Party s prior written consent, not to be
unreasonably withheld. If EyeTech makes
a payment to any Third Party in the course of defending or settling any claim
brought by a Third Party pursuant to this Section 6.16, EyeTech shall be
entitled to offset a percentage of all such amounts against royalties due to
Gilead hereunder as provided in Section 3.3(b). 

6.17 Manufacturing . 

(a) EyeTech
shall be solely responsible for the manufacture of Product following the
Effective Date, including without limitation for clinical trials and
commercialization. 

(b) The
Parties shall enter into an agreement dated as of the Effective Date (the
 Manufacturing Agreement obligating the Parties to enter into a clinical
supply agreement providing for the fill and finish of sufficient quantities of
Product Inventory to complete a Phase Ib trial investigating the use of NX1838
for the treatment of age-related macular degeneration. 

6.18 Use
of Names, Logos or Symbols . No
Party hereto shall use the name, trademarks, logos, physical likeness, employee
names or owner symbol of the other Party hereto for any purpose, including,
without limitation, in connection with any private or public securities
placements, without the prior written consent of the affected Party, such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed so long as such use of name
is limited to objective statements of fact, rather than for endorsement
purposes. Nothing contained herein
shall be construed as granting either Party any rights or license to use any of
the other Party s trademarks or trade names without separate, express written
permission of the owner of such trademark or trade name. 

24 

SECTION 7 
INDEMNIFICATION 

7.1 Indemnification . 

(a) Gilead
shall indemnify, defend and hold EyeTech (and its directors, officers,
employees, consultants, Affiliates and sublicensees) (each, an EyeTech
Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all Damages incurred or suffered
by an EyeTech Indemnitee as a result of Third Party claims, actions or
proceedings (collectively, EyeTech Claims to the extent such EyeTech Claims
are a consequence of: 

(1) the
breach or alleged breach of any representation or warranty by Gilead hereunder,
or 

(2) the
negligence or misconduct of Gilead in connection with its activities under this
Agreement; 

except to the extent such EyeTech Claims are a consequence any of the
items in Sections 7.1(b)(1), (2) or (3). 

(b) EyeTech
shall indemnify, defend and hold Gilead (and its directors, officers, employees,
consultants and Affiliates) (each, a Gilead Indemnitee harmless from and
against any and all Damages incurred or suffered by a Gilead Indemnitee as a
result of Third Party claims, actions or proceedings (collectively, Gilead
Claims to the extent such Gilead Claims are a consequence of: 

(1) the
breach or alleged breach of any representation or warranty by EyeTech
hereunder; 

(2) the
negligence or willful misconduct of EyeTech in connection with its activities
under this Agreement; 

(3) the
possession, research, development, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sale,
administration, storage or transport of NX1838 or Products by EyeTech or its
Affiliates or sublicensees; 

except to the extent such Gilead Claims are a consequence any of the
items in Sections 7.1(a)(1) or (2). 

7.2 Mechanics . If a Party or its Affiliate has a right to
be indemnified under this Section 7 (the Indemnified Party ), such Party or
Affiliate (i) shall give prompt notice of such EyeTech Claim or Gilead Claim,
as the case may be (as applicable, a Claim ), to the other Party (the
 Indemnifying Party and (ii) subject to Sections 6.15 and 6.16 of this
Agreement, will have the first right to defend any Claims for which it is
entitled to indemnification from the other Party under Section 7.1, with the
cooperation and at the expense of such other Party, provided that it will not
settle any such Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying
Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. If the Indemnified Party is defending a 

25 

Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to be present in
person or through counsel at substantive legal proceedings. In the event that the Parties cannot agree
as to the application of Section 7.1 to any Damages or Claim, the Parties may
conduct separate defenses of such claim. 
Each Party further reserves the right to claim indemnity from the other
in accordance with Section 7.1 upon resolution of the underlying claim. 

7.3 Insurance
Coverage . Each Party represents and
warrants that it is covered and will continue to be covered by a comprehensive
general liability insurance program which covers all of each Party s activities
and obligations hereunder in accordance with reasonable pharmaceutical industry
standards. Each Party will provide the other Party with written notice at least
fifteen (15) days prior to any cancellation or material change in such
insurance program. Each Party will
maintain such insurance program, or other program with comparable coverage,
beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement during the period in
which any Product is being commercially distributed or sold, and for a
commercially reasonable period thereafter. 

7.4 Indemnification
Payment Adjustments . The amount of
any Damages for which indemnification is provided under this Section 7 shall be
reduced to take account of any net tax benefit and shall be increased to take
account of any net tax detriment arising from the incurrence or payment of any
such Damages or from the receipt of any such indemnification payment and shall
be reduced by the insurance proceeds received and any other amount recovered,
if any, by the Indemnified Party with respect to any Damages; provided , however ,
that an Indemnified Party shall not be subject to an obligation to pursue an
insurance claim relating to any Damages for which indemnification is sought
hereunder. If any Indemnified Party
shall have received any payment pursuant to this Section 7 with respect to any
Damages and shall subsequently have received insurance proceeds or other
amounts with respect to such Damages, then such Indemnified Party shall pay to
the Indemnifying Party an amount equal to the difference (if any) between (1)
the sum of the amount of those insurance proceeds or other amounts received and
the amount of the payment by such Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Section 7
with respect to such Damages and (2) the amount necessary to fully and
completely indemnify and hold harmless such Indemnified Party from and against
such Damages; provided , however , in no event will such
Indemnified Party have any obligation pursuant to this sentence to pay to such
Indemnifying Party an amount greater than the amount of the payment by such
Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Section 7 with respect to such Damages. 

7.5 Indemnification
Payment . Upon the final
determination of liability and the amount of the indemnification payment under
this Section 7, the appropriate Party shall pay to the other in immediately
available funds, within thirty (30) Business Days after such determination, the
amount of any claim for indemnification made hereunder. 

7.6 Survival . The provisions of this Section 7 shall
survive any termination of this Agreement with respect to actions of the
Parties during the term of the Agreement or the term of any license to EyeTech,
whichever occurs later. Each
Indemnified Party s rights under this Section 7 shall not be deemed to have
been waived or otherwise affected by such Indemnified Party s waiver of the
breach of any representation, warranty, agreement or covenant contained in or
made pursuant to this Agreement, unless such waiver expressly and in writing
also waives any or all of the Indemnified Party s right under Section 7. 

26 

SECTION 8 
MISCELLANEOUS 

8.1 Successors
and Assigns . This Agreement shall
be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns; provided , however , that
neither Gilead nor EyeTech may assign any of its rights, duties or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of the other, which consent may be
withheld in the other s sole discretion, except that no prior written consent
shall be required in the event that a Third Party acquires substantially all of
the assets or outstanding shares of, or merges with, EyeTech or Gilead, as the
case may be. No assignment of this
Agreement or of any rights hereunder shall relieve the assigning Party of any
of its obligations or liability hereunder. 
Any attempted assignment not in compliance with this Section 8.1 shall
be of no force or effect. 

8.2 Notices . All notices or other communications required
or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been duly given if delivered by hand, prepaid telex, cable, telegram or
facsimile and confirmed in writing, or mailed first class, postage prepaid, by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested (mailed notices and
notices sent by telex, cable or telegram shall be deemed to have been given on
the date received) as follows: 

If to Gilead, as follows: 

Gilead Sciences, Inc. 

 333 Lakeside Drive, 

 Foster City, CA 94404 

 Facsimile: (650) 522-5488 

 Attn: Chief
Executive Officer 

With a copy to: 

Gilead Sciences, Inc. 

 333 Lakeside Drive, 

 Foster City, CA 94404 

 Facsimile: (650) 522-5537 

 Attn: General
Counsel 

If to EyeTech, as follows: 

EyeTech Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 300 East 42nd Street 

 Third Floor 

 New York, N.Y. 10017 

 Facsimile: 
(212) 883-8883 

 Attn: Chief
Executive Officer 

27 

With a copy to: 

Duval Stachenfeld LLP 

 300 East 42nd Street 

 Third Floor 

 New York, N.Y. 10017 

 Facsimile: 
(212) 883-8883 

 Attn: Harsha
Murthy 

or in any case to such other address or addresses as hereafter shall be
furnished as provided in this Section 8.2 by any Party hereto to the other
Party. 

8.3 Waiver;
Remedies . Any term or provision of
this Agreement may be waived at any time by the Party entitled to the benefit
thereof by a written instrument executed by such Party. No delay on the part of Gilead or EyeTech in
exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of either Gilead or EyeTech of any
right, power or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver of any other right,
power or privilege hereunder nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
right, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. 

8.4 Survival
of Representations . Each of the
representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall survive the
expiration or termination of this Agreement only with respect to activities
conducted or events occurring prior to the expiration or termination of the
Agreement. 

8.5 Entire
Agreement . This Agreement, together
with all exhibits hereto and the Warrant Agreement and the Manufacturing
Agreement, constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements or understandings
of the Parties relating thereto. 

8.6 Amendment . This Agreement may be modified or amended
only by written agreement of the Parties hereto. 

8.7 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which
together shall constitute a single instrument. 

8.8 Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be
governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California,
excluding its choice of law rules, except for the application of the Federal
Arbitration Act pursuant to Section 8.9(c)(ii). 

8.9 Dispute
Resolution . 

(a) The
Parties recognize that disputes as to certain matters may from time to time
arise during the term of this Agreement which relate to either party s rights
and/or obligations hereunder or thereunder. 
It is the objective of the Parties to establish procedures to facilitate
the resolution of disputes arising under this Agreement in an expedient manner
by 

28 

mutual cooperation and without resort to litigation. To accomplish this objective, the Parties agree
to follow the procedures set forth in this Section 8.9 if and when a dispute
arises under this Agreement. In the
event of disputes between the Parties, a Party seeking to resolve such dispute
will, by written notice to the other Party, have such dispute referred to their
respective executive officers designated below or their successors, for
attempted resolution by good faith negotiations within fourteen (14) days after
such notice is received. Said
designated officers are as follows: 

For EyeTech: 

Chief Executive Officer 

For Gilead: 

Chief Executive Officer 

In the event the designated executive officers are not
able to resolve such dispute, either party may at any time after the 14 day
period invoke the provisions of Section 8.9(b) hereinafter. 

(b) Following
settlement efforts pursuant to Section 8.9(a), any dispute, controversy or
claim arising out of or relating to the validity, construction, enforceability
or performance of this Agreement, including disputes relating to alleged breach
or to termination of this Agreement under Section 4, other than disputes which
are expressly prohibited herein from being resolved by this mechanism, shall be
settled by binding Alternative Dispute Resolution ADR in the manner
described below: 

(i) If
a party intends to begin an ADR to resolve a dispute, such party shall provide
written notice (the ADR Request to counsel for the other party informing
such other party of such intention and the issues to be resolved. From the date of the ADR Request and until
such time as any matter has been finally settled by ADR, the running of the
time periods contained in Section 4.3 as to which party must cure a breach of
this Agreement shall be suspended as to the subject matter of the dispute. 

(ii) Within
ten (10) business days after the receipt of the ADR Request, the other party
may, by written notice to the counsel for the party initiating ADR, add
additional issues to be resolved. 

(iii) Disputes regarding the
scope, validity and enforceability of Patents shall not be subject to this
Section 8.9, except for Section 8.9(a), and shall be submitted to a court of
competent jurisdiction. 

(c) The
ADR shall be conducted pursuant to Comprehensive Rules for Commercial, Real
Estate and Construction Disputes then in effect, except that notwithstanding
those rules, the following provisions shall apply to the ADR hereunder: 

(i) The
arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three arbitrators (the
 Panel ). The Panel shall be selected
from a pool of retired independent federal judges to be presented to the
Parties by JAMS. 

(ii) The
time periods set forth in the JAMS rules shall be followed, unless a party can
demonstrate to the Panel that the complexity of the issues or other reasons 

29 

warrant the extension of one or more of the time tables. In such case, the Panel may extend such time
tables, but in no event shall the time tables being extended so that the ADR
proceeding extends more than 18 months from its beginning to the Award. In regard to such time tables, the Parties
(i) acknowledge that the issues that may arise in any dispute involving this
Agreement may involve a number of complex matters and (ii) confirm their
intention that each party will have the opportunity to conduct complete
discovery with respect to all material issues involved in a dispute within the
framework provided above. Within such
time frames, each party shall have the right to conduct discovery in accordance
with the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. 
The Panel shall not award punitive damages to either party and the
Parties shall be deemed to have waived any right to such damages. The Panel shall, in rendering its decision,
apply the substantive law of the State of California, without regard to its
conflict of laws provisions, except that the interpretation of and enforcement
of this Section 8.9(c)(ii) shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration
Act. The Panel shall apply the Federal
Rules of Evidence to the hearing. The
proceeding shall take place in San Francisco, San Mateo or Santa Clara
Counties, California. The fees of the
Panels and JAMS shall be paid by the losing Party which shall be designated by
the Panel. If the Panel is unable to
designate a losing party, it shall so state and the fees shall be split equally
between the Parties. 

(iii) The Panel is empowered
to award any remedy allowed by law, including money damages, multiple damages,
prejudgment interest and attorneys fee, and to grant final, complete, interim,
or interlocutory relief, including injunctive relief but excluding punitive
damages. 

(iv) Except
as set forth in Section 8.9(c)(ii), above, each party shall bear its own legal
fees. The Panel shall assess its costs,
fees and expenses against the party losing the ADR unless it believes that
neither party is the clear loser, in which case the Panel shall divide such
fees, costs and expenses according to the Panel s sole discretion. 

(v) The
ADR proceeding shall be confidential and the Panel shall issue appropriate
protective orders to safeguard each party s Proprietary Information. Except as required by law, no party shall
make (or instruct the Panel to make) any public announcement with respect to
the proceedings or decision of the Panel without prior written consent of each other
party. The existence of any dispute
submitted to ADR, and the award, shall be kept in confidence by the Parties and
the Panel, except as required in connection with the enforcement of such award
or as otherwise required by applicable law. 

(d) The
Parties agree that judgment on any arbitral award issued pursuant to this
Section 8.9 shall be entered in the United States District Court for the
Northern District of California or, in the event such court does not have
subject matter jurisdiction over the dispute in question, such judgment shall
be entered in the Superior Court of the State of California, in the County of
San Mateo, and each Party agrees to the co-exclusive personal jurisdiction of
such courts for the purpose of entry of such a judgment. 

8.10 Captions . All section titles or captions contained in
this Agreement, in any Exhibit referred to herein and the table of contents, if
any, to this Agreement are for convenience 

30 

only, shall not be deemed a part of this Agreement and shall not affect
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

8.11 No
Third Party Rights or Obligations . 
Except as expressly provided in Section 7, no provision of this
Agreement shall be deemed or construed in any way to result in the creation of
any rights or obligation in any Person not a Party to this Agreement. 

8.12 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is found
or declared to be invalid or unenforceable by any court or other competent
authority having jurisdiction, such finding or declaration shall not invalidate
any other provision hereof, and this Agreement shall thereafter continue in
full force and effect. In the event any
such provision is so declared invalid or unenforceable, the Parties shall
negotiate an alternative provision that closely approximates the Parties 
intent, to the extent allowable under law. 

8.13 Attachments . All Exhibits and other attachments to this
Agreement are by this reference incorporated herein and made a part of this
Agreement. 

8.14 Disclaimer
of Agency . This Agreement shall not
constitute any Party the legal representative or agent of another, nor shall
any Party have the right or authority to assume, create, or incur any Third
Party liability or obligation of any kind, express or implied, against or in
the name of or on behalf of another except as expressly set forth in this
Agreement. 

8.15 Interpretation .
This Agreement has been jointly prepared by the Parties and their respective
legal counsel and shall not be strictly construed against either Party. 

8.16 Force
Majeure . Each of the Parties hereto
shall be excused from the performance of its obligations hereunder (except the
payment of money) in the event such performance is prevented by force majeure,
provided that the non-performing Party promptly provides notice of the
prevention to the other Party. Such excuse shall be continued so long as the
condition constituting force majeure continues and the non-performing Party
makes and continues to make reasonable efforts to remove or overcome the
condition. For the purposes of this
Agreement, force majeure shall mean any act of God, fire, casualty, flood, war,
earthquake, strike, failure of public utilities, any act, exercise, assertion
or requirement of governmental authority, accident, epidemic, destruction of
facilities, or such other similar occurrences beyond the control of the Party
whose performance is affected. 

8.17 Limitation
of Liability . IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ITS RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES
AND PERMITTED SUBLICENSEES BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR
OTHERWISE, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SUCH PARTY MAY BE REQUIRED TO INDEMNIFY THE
OTHER PARTY FROM SUCH DAMAGES CLAIMED BY THIRD PARTIES UNDER SECTION 7. 

8.18 No
Assumption of Obligations . Except
as expressly provided in this Agreement: 
(i) neither Party is assuming any of the other Party s responsibilities,
duties (including, without limitation, compliance with all applicable laws and
regulations), obligations (including payment obligations), claims, Damages,
liabilities, burdens and problems of any nature whatsoever 

31 

(collectively, Obligations ), whether by operation of law or
otherwise, and (ii) without limiting the foregoing, EyeTech is not assuming any
of Gilead s Obligations with respect to Transferred Assets. 

32 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above
written. 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 

EYETECH PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Mark L. Perry 

By: 

/s/ David Guyer 

Mark L. Perry 

David Guyer 

Senior Vice President, Operations 

Chief Executive Officer 

NEXSTAR PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Mark L. Perry 

Mark L. Perry 

Chief Financial Officer 

33 

EXHIBIT
A 

NX1838 

The compound NX1838, is [ ] 

A-1 

EXHIBIT
B 

PRODUCT
DATA PACKAGE INFORMATION AND DATA 

Regulatory 

 IND 

 Pre-IND submissions 

 IND correspondence 

 IND supplements 

Clinical 

 Case Report Forms by site 

 1838 Project Files 

 Investigator Files by Site 

Manufacturing (API) 

 Synthesis Batch Records 

 Accompanying Analytical Data 

 Records of Failed Lots 

Manufacturing (DP) 

 Master Production Records 

 Bills of Materials 

 Assay methods 

 Finished
Product Specifications 

B-1 

EXHIBIT
C 

PRODUCT
INVENTORY 

DESCRIPTION 

PART NUMBER 

LOT 
 NUMBER 

QUANTITY 

UNITS OF 
 MEASUREMENT 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

C-1 

EXHIBIT
D 

LICENSED
PATENTS 

[ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

D-1 

</EX-10.68>

<EX-10.69>
 6
 a04-3258_1ex10d69.htm
 EX-10.69

Exhibit 10.69 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO LICENSING AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDMENT
NO. 1 (the Amendment is entered into as of the 9th day of May, 2000, by and
among GILEAD SCIENCES, INC., a Delaware corporation, NEXSTAR PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC., a Delaware corporation (these two parties collectively referred to herein
as Gilead and EYETECH PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter EyeTech ), to amend the Licensing Agreement made effective as of
March 31, 2000 (the Agreement by and among Gilead and EyeTech, whereby
Gilead licensed EyeTech to further clinically develop and commercialize
Gilead s proprietary compound NX 1838. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Agreement. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the
Parties desire to amend the Agreement to define the term Proprietary
Information which was employed but not defined in the Licensing Agreement, and
to set the term of survival for the confidentiality, nondisclosure and nonuse
obligations pertaining to such Proprietary Information. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the covenants and promises
contained in this Amendment, and the Parties hereby amend the Agreement as
follows: 

1. Section
1.1 is hereby amended to insert the following defined term and definition
immediately following the definition for Product Inventory: 

Proprietary Information shall mean, subject to Section 6.3 of the
Agreement, any Know-How, patent applications or other confidential information
of a Party disclosed by such Party to another Party in the course of
negotiating or performing under this Agreement or any other written agreement
between the Parties entered into on or prior to May 9, 2000. Proprietary
Information shall be deemed to include the terms of this Agreement and the
terms of any other written agreement between the Parties entered into on or
prior to May 9, 2000. 

2. Section
6.3 is hereby amended to add the following new paragraph to the end of such
section: 

The obligations of confidentiality, nondisclosure and nonuse contained
in this Section 6.3 shall survive any expiration or termination of this
Agreement for a period of five (5) years. 

3. The
Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect
according to its terms. 

4. This
Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute one and
the same instrument. 

5. This
Amendment shall be effective as of the date first written above. 

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment effective as of
the date first written above. 

GILEAD
 SCIENCES, INC. 

EYETECH
 PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Mark L. Perry 

By: 

/s/ David
 Guyer 

Name: Mark L. Perry 

Name: David Guyer 

Title:
 Senior Vice President, Operations 

Title: Chief
 Executive Officer 

NEXSTAR
 PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Mark L.
 Perry 

Name: Mark L. Perry 

Title: Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-10.69>

<EX-10.70>
 7
 a04-3258_1ex10d70.htm
 EX-10.70

Exhibit 10.70 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO LICENSING AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDMENT
NO. 2 the Second Amendment is entered into as of December 4, 2001, by and
between EyeTech Pharmaceuticals, Inc. a Delaware corporation EyeTech and
Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation Gilead ), to amend that certain
Licensing Agreement dated as of March 31, 2000, as amended by Amendment No. 1
to Licensing Agreement dated as of May 9, 2000 (the Agreement by and between
EyeTech and Gilead (as successor in interest to NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.).
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
given them in the Agreement. 

WHEREAS,
EyeTech desires to obtain access to notebooks of Gilead relating or potentially
relating to the compound NX1838; 

WHEREAS,
Gilead is willing to provide such access to EyeTech personnel if the
information in such notebooks is kept confidential by EyeTech and its personnel
under the terms of the Agreement; 

WHEREAS, in
support of EyeTech s activities under the Agreement, Gilead would like to
provide to EyeTech, and EyeTech would like to receive from Gilead, certain of
Gilead s inventory of VEGF aptamer and potentially a reference standard
possessed by Gilead, as determine by Gilead Materials ). 

NOW, THEREFOR,
in consideration of the foregoing and the covenants herein, EyeTech and Gilead
hereby agree, and the Agreement is hereby amended, as follows: 

1. All information
learned, received, extracted or copied by EyeTech from notebooks or other
documents or records of Gilead, or excerpts thereof, that Gilead provides or
makes available to EyeTech after the date hereof shall be deemed to be
Proprietary Information of Gilead and subject to provisions in the Agreement
pertaining to Proprietary Information of Gilead. 

2. Nothing in this
Second Amendment shall be construed as creating any obligation of Gilead to
provide or make available to EyeTech any notebooks or other documents or
records of Gilead, or excerpts thereof, beyond any such obligation of Gilead
currently existing under the Agreement. 

3. Gilead will deliver
the materials to EyeTech within fifteen (15) days after the date hereof. 

4. EyeTech shall not
and shall not permit any person or entity to (a) administer any Materials to
humans under any circumstances; or (b) administer any Materials to animals
except in compliance with U.S. National Institutes of Health guidelines and all
other applicable laws, rules, and regulations. 

5. Nothing in this
Amendment shall be construed to grant either Party any right or license beyond
those set forth in the Agreement. 

6. GILEAD PROVIDES THE
MATERIALS AS IS , WITH NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
EXCLUSIVITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 

7. Solely for purposes
of Section 7.1(b) of the Agreement, the Materials will deemed to included
within NX1838. 

8. The Agreement, as
amended by this Second Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect
according to its terms. 

9. This Second
Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute one and
the same instrument. 

10. This Second Amendment
shall be effective as of the date first written above. 

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duty executed this Second Amendment effective
as of the date first written above. 

EYETECH
 PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

GILEAD
 SCIENCES, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Harsha
 Murthy 

By: 

/s/ Nicole
 Onetto 

Name: Harsha Murthy 

Name: Nicole Onetto 

Title: V.P.
 - Business Development General Counsel 

Title: SVP
 Medical Affairs 

</EX-10.70>

<EX-10.71>
 8
 a04-3258_1ex10d71.htm
 EX-10.71

Exhibit 10.71 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY
BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED. 

AMENDMENT
NO. 3 TO LICENSING AGREEMENT 

This Amendment No. 3 to Licensing Agreement (the
 Third Amendment amends, effective August 30, 2002, the LICENSING AGREEMENT,
itself effective as of March 31, 2000 and previously amended first as of May 9, 2000 and second as of December 4, 2001 (as
so twice amended, the Agreement originally by and among GILEAD SCIENCES,
INC., a Delaware corporation with its principal office located at 333 Lakeside
Drive, Foster City, CA 94404 Gilead ), and its wholly-owned subsidiary,
NEXSTAR PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware corporation, on the one hand, and
EYETECH PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware corporation with its principal office
as of the date hereof located at 500 Seventh Avenue, 18 th Floor, New
York, New York 10018 EyeTech ), on the other hand, and currently between
Gilead and EyeTech. All capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given in
the Agreement. All references to
 Sections and Articles are to sections and articles of the Agreement unless
otherwise specified below. 

The Parties hereby amend the Agreement as follows: 

1. The definition of
Net Sales is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

Net Sales shall mean, with respect to the Product, the gross
amount billed or invoiced by EyeTech, its Affiliates or sublicensees to Third
Parties for Products and Combination Products (defined below), less the
following deductions to the extent included in such billed or invoiced or
credited amounts: 

(a) trade, quantity and cash
discounts allowed, but expressly excluding discounts or allowances offered as
part of a package of products that includes a Product sold by EyeTech, its
Affiliates or sublicensees; 

(b) refunds, chargebacks and
any other allowances which effectively reduce the net selling price; 

(c) actual product returns,
credits and allowances allowed to customers; 

(d) rebates actually paid or
credited to any governmental agency (or branch thereof) or to any Third Party
payor, administrator or contractee; 

(e) discounts mandated by,
or granted to meet the requirements of, applicable state, provincial or federal
law, wholesaler, including required chargebacks and retroactive price
reductions; 

(f) transportation,
freight, postage charges and other charges such as insurance, relating thereto,
in each case included as a specific line item on an invoice to such Third
Parties; and 

(g) taxes, excises or other
governmental charges upon or measured by the production, sale, transportation,
delivery or use of goods, in each case included as a specific line item on an
invoice to such Third Parties. 

If any such sales to Third Parties are made in transactions that are
not at arm s length between the buyer and the seller, then the gross amount to
be included in the calculation of Net Sales shall be the amount that would have
been invoiced had the transaction been conducted at arm s length. Such amount that would have been invoiced
shall be determined, wherever possible, by reference to the average selling
price of the relevant Product in arm s-length transactions in the relevant
country. 

If EyeTech, its Affiliate or sublicensee sells a Product in unfinished
form to a Third Party for resale, then the gross amount to be included in the
calculation of Net Sales arising from such sale shall be the amount invoiced by
the Third Party upon resale, in lieu of the amount invoiced by EyeTech, its
Affiliates or sublicensee when selling the Product in unfinished form. Otherwise, where EyeTech, its Affiliate or
sublicensee sells a Product in finished form to a Third Party that does not
require a sublicense under the Licensed Patents for further resale (a
distributor) (each such Third Party hereinafter a Distributor ), the amount to
be included in the calculation of Net Sales shall be the price invoiced from
EyeTech or its Affiliate or sublicensee to the Third Party, not the amount
invoiced by the Third Party upon resale. 

If, in addition to or in lieu of a transfer price paid for quantities
of Product supplied, any Distributor provides consideration to EyeTech, its
Affiliate or sublicensee in connection with any Product or the Distributor s
rights or relationship with EyeTech, its Affiliate or sublicensee in relation
thereto, then such consideration shall be included in the calculation of Net
Sales in the calendar quarter in which it becomes due to EyeTech or its
Affiliate or sublicensee (as applicable). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts received by EyeTech, or its
Affiliates or sublicensees, for the sale of Products among EyeTech and its
Affiliates or sublicensees for resale shall not be included in the computation
of Net Sales hereunder. 

Net Sales shall be determined from books and records maintained in
accordance with GAAP, consistently applied throughout the organization and
across all products of the entity whose sales of Product are giving rise to Net
Sales. 

If any Product (i) contains or is sold with a therapeutically active
ingredient other than NX1838 (such therapeutically active ingredient an Other
Active ), regardless of whether they are coformulated or physically packaged
together, or (ii) is sold with a mechanical or pharmacological delivery system
for the delivery of such Product (such system, a Delivery System), (such a
Product including and together with the Other Active or Delivery System, a
 Combination Product then Net Sales from the Combination Product shall be
determined by multiplying the Net Sales of the Combination Product (as
determined without reference to the calculations of this paragraph by the fraction A/(A+B), where A is the
average sale price of a Product of the same formulation and dosage when not
sold as part of a Combination Product, and B is the average sale price of the
Other Active or Delivery System when sold separately, or, only if the value of
B cannot be determined, where A+B is the average sales price of the Combination
Product. If A and B can be determined,
in no event will the sales price of the Combination Product be less than the
sum of A and B. If both A and B, and
A+B, cannot be determined, then C/(C+D) shall be substituted for A/(A+B) in
such calculation, where C is EyeTech s cost of goods of the Product and D is
EyeTech s cost of goods for the Other Active or Delivery System, determined in
accordance with the method of accounting normally employed by EyeTech in
computing cost of goods sold (which must be in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied throughout EyeTech), provided,
however , that the minimum value of such fraction as used in the
calculation of Net Sales shall be 0.9. 
All average prices, for purposes of this paragraph, shall be determined
on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis. 

For clarity and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
inclusion of PEG (polyethylene
gylcol) in a Product, because PEG is
not a therapeutically active molecule, will not in itself be deemed to result
in a Combination Product for purposes of the foregoing paragraph. 

2. The phrase with a
right to sublicense to its Affiliates or (subject to Section 2.4) to any other
Person in Section 2.1 is deleted and replaced with the following: with a
right (subject to Section 2.4) to sublicense to its Affiliates or to any other
Person. 

3. In Section 2.5, the
phrase EyeTech Know-How and EyeTech Patents in the nineteenth (19 th line is deleted and replaced with the following: EyeTech Rights. 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY
BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED. 

4. The following words
are included in the sentence that is the text of Section 2.3, at the end of the
sentence: within the scope of the
license granted EyeTech in Section 2.1. 

5. Section 3.3(b) is
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

Offset . 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, on a country-by-country and
Product-by-Product basis, EyeTech may credit against Royalties otherwise due
hereunder on Net Sales of such Product in such country [ ] percent in any calendar quarter [ ] of any royalties it must pay to any
Third Party on sales of such Product in such country in such calendar quarter:
(1) pursuant to any licenses necessary to practice the License; or (2) resulting
from any litigation (including settlement thereof) under Section 6.16; provided, however , for purposes of this
Section 3.3(b) that the applicable royalty rates used for calculation of
Royalties payable to Gilead shall not be reduced to less than [ ] percent [ ] of the royalty rate(s) otherwise applicable pursuant to
Section 3.3(a). 

6. The following is
inserted between the first and second sentences of Section 3.7: EyeTech shall promptly remit any amounts so
withheld to the appropriate governmental authority and provide Gilead with
written evidence of such payment. 

7. Section 4.6 is
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

Accrued Rights and Obligations; Survival . Termination or expiration of this Agreement
for any reason shall be without prejudice to any rights which shall have
accrued to the benefit of either Party prior to such termination or expiration,
including damages arising from any breach hereunder. The following provisions of this Agreement shall survive any
expiration or termination of this Agreement: 
Sections 2.3, 3.6, 4.2, 4.6, 5, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 6.9, 6.11(a), 6.12, 6.18,
7, and 8. In addition, the following
provisions of this Agreement shall survive the expiration of this Agreement to
the extent that the license granted to EyeTech pursuant to Section 4.2 is in
effect: Sections 3.4 through 3.9, 4.3,
4.5, 6.2, 6.7(c)-(e), 6.8, 6.9, 6.11(b),
6.11(c), 6.11(d), 6.13, 6.16 and 6.17(a). 

8. The last sentence
of Section 6.13 is deleted in its entirety and changed to read as follows:
 Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or required by law, Gilead
shall refrain from granting any right to any Third Party relating to NX1838,
the Licensed Patents or the Transferred Assets that would, in any manner,
violate the terms of or conflict with the rights granted to EyeTech pursuant to
this Agreement. 

9. The phrase
 distribution, is inserted immediately prior to administration in the second
(2 nd line of Section 7.1(b)(3). 

10. Section 8.2, Notices is
changed to show EyeTech s address as follows: 
EyeTech Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 500 Seventh Avenue, 18 th 
Floor, New York, New York 10018,
Facsimile: 212-997-9251, attn: Chief Executive Officer. 

11. The Agreement, as amended
by this Third Amendment, remains in full force and effect according to its
terms. 

12. Article 18 shall apply to
this Third Amendment as if set forth herein in its entirety. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Third
Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above
written. 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 

EYETECH PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Gregg Alton 

By: 

/s/ David Guyer 

Gregg Alton 

David Guyer 

Vice President and General Counsel 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.71>

<EX-10.72>
 9
 a04-3258_1ex10d72.htm
 EX-10.72

Exhibit
10.72 

GlaxoSmithKline Letterhead 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY
BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED. 

Gilead World Markets Limited 

Queensgate House 

South Church Street 

PO Box 1234GT 

Grand Cayman 

Cayman Islands 

19 May 2003 

Dear Sirs, 

Licensing Agreement dated 26 April 2002 made
by and between (1) Glaxo Group Limited and (2) Gilead World Markets
Limited Agreement 

We refer to the Agreement and hereby confirm that with effect from 28
April 2003 Exhibit E of the Agreement (Safety Data Exchange Protocol) SDEP has been replaced with a revised SDEP the terms of which are attached
as Appendix 1 hereof. 

We would be grateful if you could execute and return to us the
duplicate copy of this letter which is enclosed herewith to acknowledge and
confirm your acceptance of its terms. 

Yours faithfully, 

/s/ Victoria Llewellyn 

Glaxo Group Limited 

Victoria Llewellyn 

Assistant Secretary 

Gilead World Markets Limited 

By: 

/s/ Gregg H. Alton 

Gregg H. Alton, Director 

Date: 

5/23/03 

EXHIBIT
E 

SAFETY
DATA EXCHANGE PROTOCOL 

 Safety monitoring of adefovir
dipivoxil 
between 
Global Clinical Safety Pharmacovigilance, GlaxoSmithKline 
And 
Global Drug Safety, Gilead Sciences 

This Safety Data Exchange Protocol is agreed
by Glaxo Group Limited and Gilead World Markets, Limited in connection with the
Licensing Agreement between them dated as of April 2002 Licensing Agreement and will govern safety data exchange for adefovir dipivoxil by them or by their
Affiliates. Gilead shall refer to
Gilead World Markets, Limited or its Affiliates performing safety data exchange
under this Protocol; GlaxoSmithKline shall refer to Glaxo Group Limited or
its Affiliates performing safety data exchange under this Protocol. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings given such terms in the Licensing
Agreement to the extent defined therein. 

1. DEFINITIONS (CONSISTENT WITH ICH GUIDELINE E2A) 

 [ ] 

2. LANGUAGE AND MEANS OF EXCHANGE 

[ ] 

3. SAFETY DATABASE 

[ ] 

4. CORE SAFETY INFORMATION 

[ ] 

5. EXPEDITED REPORTING 

[ ] 

6. PERIODIC REPORTING 

[ ] 

7. REGULATORY ENQUIRIES 

[ ] 

8. GENERAL MANAGEMENT OF SAFETY 

[ ] 

9. REVIEW AND REVISIONS 

[ ] 

10. TERMINATION OF THE SDE PROTOCOL 

[ ] 

11. CONTACTS 

[ ] 

For Gilead 

 [ ] 

</EX-10.72>

<EX-10.73>
 10
 a04-3258_1ex10d73.htm
 EX-10.73

Exhibit
10.73 

GlaxoSmithKline Letterhead 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY
BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED. 

Gilead World Markets Limited 

Queensgate House 

South Church Street 

PO Box 1234GT 

Grand Cayman 

Cayman Islands 

9 January 2004 

Dear Sirs, 

Licensing Agreement dated 26 April 2002 made
by and between (1) Glaxo Group Limited and (2) Gilead World Markets
Limited Agreement 

We refer to the Agreement and to the letter agreement dated 19 May 2003
and hereby confirm that with effect from the date hereof, Exhibit E of the
Agreement (Safety Data Exchange Protocol) SDEP has been replaced with the
revised SDEP the terms of which are attached as Appendix 1 hereof. 

We would be grateful if you could execute and return to us the
duplicate copy of this letter which is enclosed herewith to acknowledge and
confirm your acceptance of its terms. 

Yours faithfully, 

/s/ Victoria Llewellyn 

Glaxo Group Limited 

Victoria Llewellyn 

Assistant Secretary 

Gilead World Markets Limited 

By: 

/s/ Gregg H. Alton 

Gregg H. Alton, Director 

Date: 

1/27/04 

EXHIBIT E 

 SAFETY DATA EXCHANGE PROTOCOL 

 Safety monitoring of adefovir
dipivoxil 

 between 

 Global Clinical Safety 
Pharmacovigilance, GlaxoSmithKline 

 And 

 Global Drug Safety, Gilead
Sciences 

This Safety Data Exchange Protocol is agreed
by Glaxo Group Limited and Gilead World Markets, Limited in connection with the
Licensing Agreement between them dated as of April 2002 Licensing Agreement and will govern safety data exchange for adefovir dipivoxil by them or by their
Affiliates. Gilead shall refer to
Gilead World Markets, Limited or its Affiliates performing safety data exchange
under this Protocol; GlaxoSmithKline shall refer to Glaxo Group Limited or
its Affiliates performing safety data exchange under this Protocol. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings given such terms in the Licensing
Agreement to the extent defined therein. 

1. DEFINITIONS (CONSISTENT WITH ICH GUIDELINE E2A) 

[ ] 

2. LANGUAGE AND MEANS OF EXCHANGE 

[ ] 

3. SAFETY DATABASE 

[ ] 

4. CORE SAFETY INFORMATION 

[ ] 

5. EXPEDITED REPORTING 

[ ] 

6. PERIODIC REPORTING 

[ ] 

7. REGULATORY ENQUIRIES 

[ ] 

8. GENERAL MANAGEMENT OF SAFETY 

[ ] 

9. REVIEW AND REVISIONS 

[ ] 

10. TERMINATION OF THE SDE PROTOCOL 

[ ] 

11. CONTACTS 

For GlaxoSmithKline 

 [ ] 

For Gilead 

 [ ] 

</EX-10.73>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 a04-3258_1ex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. 

Name of
 Subsidiary 

Country or State of Incorporation 

Gilead Sciences Limited 

Ireland 

Gilead World
 Markets, Ltd. 

Cayman Islands 

Gilead
 International, Ltd. 

Cayman Islands 

Gilead
 International Holdings, Ltd. 

Cayman Islands 

Gilead Sciences
 GmbH 

Germany 

Gilead Sciences
 Sarl 

France 

Gilead Sciences
 S.r.l. 

Italy 

Gilead Sciences,
 S.L. 

Spain 

Gilead Sciences,
 Lda. 

Portugal 

Gilead Sciences
 Ltd. 

United Kingdom 

Gilead Sciences
 International Ltd. 

United Kingdom 

Gilead Sciences
 Canada, Inc. 

Canada 

Gilead Sciences
 PTY Limited 

Australia 

Gilead Sciences
 (NZ) 

New Zealand 

Gilead Sciences
 B.V. 

Netherlands 

Gilead Sciences
 Hellas EPE 

Greece 

Gilead Vintage Park,
 L.L.C. 

Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 12
 a04-3258_1ex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 

 CONSENT
OF ERNST YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-08085, 333-08083,
333-47520, 333-58893, 333-64628, 333-84713, 333-84719,
333-102911 and 333-102912) pertaining to the 1991 Stock Option
Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and the 1995 Non-Employee Directors Stock
Option Plan of Gilead Sciences, Inc., the NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
1993 Incentive Stock Plan, NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 1995 Director
Option Plan, Vestar, Inc. 1988 Stock Option Plan, Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
1996 Stock Incentive Plan, and the Option Agreement, dated August 5, 2002,
between Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Daniel G. Welch, and the
Registration Statements (Form S-3 Nos. 333-103871 and 333-111451)
of Gilead Sciences, Inc. and in the related Prospectuses, as applicable,
of our report dated January 23, 2004, with respect to the consolidated
financial statements and schedule of Gilead Sciences, Inc. included in this
Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

 /s/ ERNST YOUNG
LLP 

 Palo Alto, California 
March 10, 2004 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 a04-3258_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

 I, John C. Martin, certify that: 

 1. I have
reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Gilead Sciences, Inc.; 

 2. Based on
my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

 3. Based on
my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

 4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

 a) designed such
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
annual report is being prepared; 

 b) intentionally omitted 

 c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; 

 d) disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

 b) any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

 6. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I have indicated in this annual report whether there were significant
changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly
affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation,
including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses. 

Date: March 10, 2004 

/s/ John C.
 Martin 

John C. Martin 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 a04-3258_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

 I, John F. Milligan, certify that: 

 1. I have
reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Gilead Sciences, Inc.; 

 2. Based on
my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

 3. Based on
my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

 4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

 a) designed such
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
annual report is being prepared; 

 b) intentionally
omitted 

 c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

 d) disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

 b) any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

 6. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I have indicated in this quarterly report whether or not there were
significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could
significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most
recent evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

Date: March 10, 2004 

/s/ John F.
 Milligan 

John F. Milligan 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
 Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 15
 a04-3258_1ex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 

 CERTIFICATION 

 Pursuant to the requirements set forth in Rule 13a
14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted), John C. Martin, the Chief Executive Officer of Gilead
Sciences, Inc. (the Company ), and John F. Milligan, the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his
knowledge: 

 1. The
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31,
2003, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32 (the Annual
Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

 2. The
information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for
the periods covered by the Annual Report. 

 In Witness Whereof, the
undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 10th day of March, 2004. 

 Dated: March 10,
2004 

/s/ John C.
 Martin 

/s/ John F.
 Milligan 

John C. Martin 

John F. Milligan 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-K
to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Gilead
Sciences, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the
date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation
language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

